--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
dated 5th May, 2023 (the Date of Approval) 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus or the Prospectus) of Erste 
Abwicklungsanstalt (the EAA or the Issuer) pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14th June, 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) in respect of non-equity securities 
within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
Erste Abwicklungsanstalt 
(incorporated as a public law entity with partial legal capacity in the Federal Republic of Germany (Germany) and operating under the umbrella of the Federal Agency for Financial 
Market Stabilisation (Bundesanstalt für Finanzmarktstabilisierung, the FMSA) 
 
Euro 20,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the EUR 20,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme described in this Prospectus (the Programme), EAA may from time to time 
issue notes in bearer form (the Notes). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 
20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
This document has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are subject of this 
Prospectus. In accordance with Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for Securities dated 16th July, 2019 (loi du 16 
juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières), by approving this Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for 
the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In accordance with Article 25 (1) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authority in the Federal Republic of Germany 
(Germany) with a certificate of approval attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Notification). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional member states within the European 
Economic Area (the EEA) with further Notifications. 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
to admit such Notes to trading on the market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by 
the European Commission (Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg") (the Regulated Market). The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Regulated Market (including its professional segment) is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15th May, 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 
2011/61/EU (as amended, MiFID II). Further application may be made by the Issuer to the Stock Exchange Düsseldorf for Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Stock Exchange Düsseldorf, which is also a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. Notes to be issued under the Programme may also be not listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-ErsteAbwicklung/13741). For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the aforementioned 
website does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of twelve months from its Date of 
Approval in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public

--- Page 2 ---
in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1 (4) and/or Article 3 (2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation i.e. until (and including) 5th May, 2024. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy shall not apply once this Prospectus is no longer valid. During 
its time of validity the Issuer shall not be obliged to supplement this Prospectus in case it is not being used in connection with 
an issue of Notes which shall be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA 
in circumstances where no exemption is available under Article 1 (4) and/or Article 3 (2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
An investment in Notes to be issued under the Programme involves certain risks which should be considered by prospective 
investors. A discussion of these risks is set out in the section entitled "Risk Factors". 
Arranger 
Citigroup 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
1 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and all documents which are incorporated by 
reference herein (see the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in relation to any Tranches (as defined herein) 
of Notes, together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche of Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Prospectus (as supplemented) and the Final Terms prepared in relation to such Tranche. 
The binding language of this Prospectus is English. The sections entitled "Form of the Final Terms" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes", respectively, are accompanied in each case by a German language translation. The binding language of the Final Terms and 
the Conditions (as defined herein) prepared in relation to Notes to be issued under the Programme may be German or English as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Conditions. 
The Issuer confirms that this Prospectus contains all information which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment 
of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses, and prospects of the Issuer, and of any rights attaching to the Notes; 
that this Prospectus contains all information with regard to the Issuer and the Notes which is material in the context of the Programme 
and the issue and offer of Notes thereunder; that the information contained in this Prospectus with respect to the Issuer and the Notes 
is accurate in all material respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based 
on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts, the omission of which would make this Prospectus as a whole or any statement, 
whether fact or opinion, in this Prospectus misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to 
ascertain all facts and to verify the accuracy of all statements contained herein. 
Neither Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG (the Arranger) nor any of the Dealers (as defined below) has independently verified the 
information contained herein and, accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers or any other person mentioned in this Prospectus (excluding the 
Issuer) as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, in each case to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Arranger or any of the Dealers to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the 
information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers expressly undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, 
inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus or any supplement hereto when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Arranger and the Dealers that it will, (i) in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
or (ii) in the event of a change in the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of the Programme or the issue of Notes 
prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or a new Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. Such supplement 
or new Prospectus will be obtainable free of charge from the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-ErsteAbwicklung/13741). 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (i) is intended to provide 
the basis of any credit or other evaluation, or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Arranger or any of the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes under 
the Programme constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any 
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used by anyone for the purpose of an offer to sell or the solicitation of an 
offer to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offer or sale of Notes may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Prospectus, any supplement 
to this Prospectus or any Final Terms may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any

--- Page 4 ---
2 
 
 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, any Final Terms, any Conditions or any 
Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus, any 
supplement to this Prospectus, any Final Terms, any Conditions and the offer and/or sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, any Final Terms, any Conditions and the offer, sale and/or 
transfer of Notes in a number of jurisdictions including, but not limited to, the United States of America (the United States or the US), 
Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, Switzerland and the European Economic Area (the EEA) (including Belgium, France, 
Germany and Italy) and the United Kingdom (see the section entitled "Subscription and Sale"). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act) 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Notes are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) (see the section entitled "Subscription and 
Sale"). 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market – The relevant Final Terms may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor the other Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market – The relevant Final Terms may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (as amended, the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor 
the other Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
Interest amounts payable on Notes with a fluctuating rate of interest (Floating Rate Notes) will be calculated by reference to a specific 
benchmark which will be provided by an administrator. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the specific benchmark applicable to an issue of Floating Rate Notes has not yet been determined. 
However, amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to (i) EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) 
which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), (ii) EuroSTR (Euro Short-Term Rate) which is provided by the 
European Central Bank (the ECB), (iii) SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (the Federal Reserve), or (iv) another benchmark (any "Other Benchmark"). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, only EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks (the ESMA Register) 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8th June, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Benchmarks Regulation). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, neither the ECB nor the Federal Reserve appear on the ESMA Register. As far as the Issuer is aware, 
pursuant to the exemption set out in Article 2 (2) (a) of the Benchmarks Regulation, neither the ECB nor the Federal Reserve are 
required to obtain an authorisation or a registration under the Benchmarks Regulation. 
In case any Notes are to be issued which make reference to any Other Benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will specify the name of 
the specific benchmark and the relevant administrator. In such case the Final Terms will further specify if the relevant administrator is 
included in the ESMA Register pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation or whether the transitional provisions in Article  51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation apply (in which case the relevant administrator would not be required to obtain authorisation or 
registration or, if the relevant administrator is located outside the EEA, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) disclosed as the stabilisation 
manager(s) in the relevant Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or

--- Page 5 ---
3 
 
 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in accordance with all 
laws and rules. 
All references in this Prospectus to U.S. Dollars, U.S. $, USD and $ refer to the currency of the United States of America, those to 
Sterling, GBP and £ refer to the currency of the United Kingdom, those to Japanese Yen, Yen and ¥ refer to the currency of Japan, 
and those to Euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference 
to that law or provision as amended. 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that do not relate to historical 
facts and events. They are based on the analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or 
foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", 
"estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and 
assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus containing information on future earnings capacity, plans and 
expectations regarding the Issuer's business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory 
conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer makes to the best of its 
present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual 
results, including the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have 
expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. The Issuer's business is also subject to a number 
of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. 
Accordingly, potential investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Prospectus: "General Description of the 
Programme", "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might 
have an impact on the Issuer's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not occur. In addition, the Issuer 
does not assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statements or to conform these forward-
looking statements to actual events or developments. 
The Notes to be issued under the Prospectus may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Therefore, each potential investor in 
the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor 
should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in 
the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement hereto; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation and 
the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal 
or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other 
factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated investors generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as 
stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A prospective investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's 
overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 6 ---
4 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Important Notice ................................................................................................................................................................................... 1 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................................................................................ 5 
Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................................................................ 11 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer ......................................................................................................................................... 11 
1. Risks Relating to the Issuer's Business Activities and the Financial Markets ........................................................ 11 
2. Risks Relating to the Issuer's Financial Condition and Specific Situation ............................................................. 13 
3. Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks and Other Risks ................................................................................................ 15 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes ......................................................................................................................................... 17 
1. Risks Relating to All Notes to be Issued under the Programme ............................................................................ 17 
2. Risks Relating to the Structure of Certain Types of Notes to be Issued under the Programme ............................. 18 
3. Other Related Risks ............................................................................................................................................... 23 
Responsibility Statement .................................................................................................................................................................... 25 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................................................... 26 
Issue Procedures ................................................................................................................................................................................. 27 
Form of the Final Terms ..................................................................................................................................................................... 28 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................................................... 47 
Description of the Issuer ..................................................................................................................................................................... 93 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................................................ 102 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................................................. 103 
Subscription and Sale ....................................................................................................................................................................... 105 
General Information ......................................................................................................................................................................... 109

--- Page 7 ---
5 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms and any decision 
to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Prospectus as a whole, including the information incorporated by 
reference. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 (1) of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. 
Words and expressions defined in the sections entitled "Form of the Final Terms" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Erste Abwicklungsanstalt 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
7TG4VWERK338227TR435 
Description: 
The Euro 20,000,000,000 debt issuance programme of Erste Abwicklungsanstalt (the 
Programme) is a programme for the issue of Notes in bearer form (the Notes). Under the 
Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency 
(subject as set out below) agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes 
may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified below and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a Dealer and, 
together, the Dealers). References in this Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the 
case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, 
be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
Programme Size: 
The Programme size is set at Euro 20,000,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent 
calculated as described in the programme agreement dated 5th May, 2023 and entered into 
between Erste Abwicklungsanstalt and the Dealers (the Programme Agreement)) 
aggregate principal amount (or, in the case of Notes issued at a discount, their amortised 
face amount) of Notes outstanding at any time. Erste Abwicklungsanstalt will have the 
option to increase the Programme size, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions 
of the Programme Agreement and the provision of such conditions precedent (including 
the preparation of a supplement to this Prospectus or a new Prospectus) as the Dealers or 
the relevant authority may require for the purpose of listing any Notes to be issued under 
the increased Programme on the regulated market of a stock exchange located in a member 
state of the EEA. 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other Dealers appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect 
of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche (as defined below) of Notes. 
 
The name(s) of the Dealer(s) for each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms 
(as defined below). 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
and any other paying agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series (as defined below) of Notes. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.

--- Page 8 ---
6 
 
 
Distribution of Notes: 
Notes may, subject to certain selling restrictions, be distributed by way of private 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of 
distribution of each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the final terms (the Final Terms) 
applicable to such Tranche. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes: 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes (the Conditions) 
will be constituted by combining the terms and conditions set out in the section entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and the provisions of the Final Terms applicable to 
such Tranche of Notes. The binding language of the Conditions will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each a Series). Each Series of Notes may comprise one or 
more tranches (Tranches and each a Tranche) issued on different dates. The Notes of 
each Series will all be subject to identical terms whether as to currency, interest (if any), 
maturity or otherwise, or terms which are identical except that the issue price, issue date, 
the first interest payment date (if any) and/or the amount of the first payment of interest 
(if any) may be different. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms 
in all respects. 
Issue Price of the Notes: 
The Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Currencies of the Notes: 
Notes may be denominated in Euro, Sterling, U.S. Dollars, Japanese Yen and, subject to 
any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (the Specified Currency). 
 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be, if in Euro, Euro 100,000, or, if in any currency other 
than Euro, in an amount in such other currency equivalent to EUR 100,000 at the time of 
the issue of such Notes, or such higher amount as may be required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. The Notes will be freely transferable. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the 
form of either a temporary global bearer note (the Temporary Global Note), without 
interest coupons, or a permanent global bearer note (the Permanent Global Note and, 
together with the Temporary Global Note, the Global Notes), without interest coupons, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor provision in substantially similar form (the TEFRA C 
Rules or TEFRA C) or United States Treasury Regulation § l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any 
successor provision in substantially similar form (the TEFRA D Rules or TEFRA D) are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. Each Tranche of Notes for which the relevant Final Terms specify 
TEFRA D will initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note and each Tranche of 
Notes for which the relevant Final Terms specify TEFRA C will be represented by a 
Permanent Global Note, which will be deposited (i) in the case of a Tranche intended to 
be cleared through CBF (as defined below) with CBF, or (ii) in the case of a Tranche 
intended to be cleared through CBL (as defined below) and/or Euroclear (as defined 
below) (a) if the relevant Global Note is intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) 
form with a (common) safekeeper for CBL and/or Euroclear, or (b) if the relevant Global 
Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form with a depositary or common depositary 
of the relevant Clearing System(s) (as defined below). While any Note to which TEFRA 
D applies is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Note due prior to the Exchange Date

--- Page 9 ---
7 
 
 
(as defined below) will be made only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Temporary Global 
Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by the relevant Clearing 
System and such Clearing System has given a like certification (based on the certifications 
it has received) to the Fiscal Agent. Interests in Temporary Global Notes to which TEFRA 
D applies will be exchangeable for interests in Permanent Global Notes not earlier than 
after the date falling 40 days after the issue date (the Exchange Date) unless otherwise 
permitted, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as described above. 
Clearing Systems: 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. These systems may comprise those operated by Clearstream 
Banking AG (CBF), Clearstream Banking S.A. (CBL) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear and, together with CBF and CBL, the Clearing Systems and, each, a 
Clearing System) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated present and future obligations of the Issuer unless such 
other obligations take priority by mandatory provisions of law. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms and conditions of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest on the Notes will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and will be calculated on the basis of such day count 
fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Fixed Rate Notes may also bear an interest rate of zero per cent., in which case no interest 
will be paid. 
Yield: 
The yield in respect of Fixed Rate Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Step-up/Step-down Notes: 
Step-up/Step-down Notes are Notes which bear fixed interest at varying rates, such rates 
being, in the case of Step-up Notes, greater or, in the case of Step-down Notes, lesser than 
the rates applicable to the previous interest payment periods. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered without periodical payments of interest. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis of a reference rate 
appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service as adjusted for 
any applicable margin, which may vary from interest period to interest period. Inter alia, 
interest periods, interest payment dates, the relevant day count fraction(s) and the 
method(s) for calculating interest will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or 
both. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes: 
The interest payable on Inverse Floating Rate Notes will be calculated as the difference 
between a fixed rate of interest and a floating rate of interest with the latter being 
determined as set out in the subsection entitled "Floating Rate Notes" above. 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. 
Other provisions in relation to 
interest paying Notes: 
Interest on Notes with the exception of Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of 
zero per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes will be payable in respect of each interest period 
and on such interest payment dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such day count 
fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities of the Notes: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Notes or the currency in which the Notes are to 
be issued (the Specified Currency). 
Redemption of Notes: 
The Final Terms will specify either that the relevant Notes (i) cannot be redeemed prior 
to their stated maturity (other than (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
for taxation reasons or following an event of default), or (ii) will be redeemable at the

--- Page 10 ---
8 
 
 
option of the Issuer and/or the holders of the Notes (the Holders), as the case may be, 
upon giving notice to the Holders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Presentation and prescription in 
relation to Notes: 
The presentation period provided in § 801 (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years. 
Taxation of Notes: 
Unless otherwise set out in the relevant Final Terms, all payments of principal and interest 
(if any) in respect of the Notes will be made without any withholding or deduction at 
source for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by way of withholding or deduction at source in, by or within Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein including bodies incorporated under public 
law (öffentlich-rechtliche Körperschaften) having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is 
made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in § 7 (1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, be required to pay to the Holders additional amounts 
to cover the amounts so withheld or deducted. 
FATCA: 
The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct from amounts payable under the Notes to 
a Holder or beneficial owner of the Notes funds for the payment of any tax that it is 
required to withhold or deduct pursuant to (a) sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 or any associated regulations or other official guidance (the U.S. 
Provisions); (b) any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any other 
country, which facilitates the implementation of the U.S. Provisions (the Foreign 
Provisions); or (c) any intergovernmental agreement between the United States and any 
other country, which facilitates the implementation of the U.S. Provisions (the 
Intergovernmental Agreement); or (d) any agreement regarding the implementation of 
the U.S. Provisions, the Foreign Provisions and any Intergovernmental Agreement 
entered into by the Issuer, a paying agent or an intermediary with the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service, the U.S. government or any governmental or taxation authority in any 
other country (together with the U.S. Provisions, the Foreign Provisions and the 
Intergovernmental Agreement, FATCA). The Issuer will not be required to make any 
payments of additional amounts for or on account of any withholding tax deducted by the 
Issuer, a paying agent or an intermediary in compliance with FATCA. 
Early redemption of Notes for 
taxation reasons: 
Unless otherwise set out in the relevant Final Terms, early redemption will be permitted 
in whole, but not in part, if on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant to § 7 (1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of Germany or of any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or 
therein, or as a result of any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or 
after the date on which the first Tranche of the relevant Series of the Notes is issued. 
Events of Default: 
The terms and conditions of the Notes will provide for the following events of default: 
 
• 
the Issuer is in default, for any reason whatsoever, for more than 30 days in the 
payment of any amounts due under the Notes; 
 
• 
the Issuer is in default in the performance of any of its obligations under the Notes 
and such default shall continue for more than 60 days after written notification 
requiring such default to be remedied shall have been given to the Issuer by any 
of the Holders through the Fiscal Agent; 
 
• 
bankruptcy or court composition proceedings are commenced before a court 
against the Issuer which shall not have been dismissed or stayed within 60 days 
after the commencement thereof, or the Issuer institutes such proceedings or 
suspends payments or offers or makes a general arrangement for the benefit of all 
its creditors; or 
 
• 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless such liquidation is to take place in 
connection with a merger, consolidation or other combination with any other 
entity and such entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising under the Notes

--- Page 11 ---
9 
 
 
and that the obligation of the liable stakeholders of the Issuer to offset losses of 
the Issuer will apply mutatis mutandis to such new entity. 
Cross Default in relation to Notes: 
The terms and conditions of Notes will not contain a cross default provision. 
Representation of Holders: 
In 
accordance 
with 
the 
German 
Act 
on 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen; the Act on Debt Securities) of 31st July, 
2009, the terms and conditions of the Notes may contain provisions pursuant to which 
Holders may agree by resolution to amend the relevant terms and conditions (with the 
consent of the Issuer) and to decide upon certain other matters regarding the Notes. 
Resolutions of Holders properly adopted by vote taken without a meeting in accordance 
with the relevant terms and conditions are binding upon all Holders. Resolutions 
providing for material amendments to the relevant terms and conditions require a majority 
of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast. Resolutions regarding other amendments 
are passed by a simple majority of the votes cast. 
 
In accordance with the Act on Debt Securities, the terms and conditions of the Notes may 
provide that the Holders may by majority resolution appoint a representative for all 
Holders (the Joint Representative). The responsibilities and functions assigned to the 
Joint Representative appointed by a resolution are determined by the Act on Debt 
Securities and by majority resolutions of the Holders. The Joint Representative may also 
be designated in the relevant terms and conditions. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by German law. 
Place of Performance and Place of 
Jurisdiction: 
Place of performance and place of jurisdiction in relation to the Notes is Düsseldorf, 
Germany. 
Ratings: 
The following short-term and long-term ratings have been assigned by Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH (Moody's), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (Standard & 
Poor's) and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch): 
 
 
Short-term Ratings 
Long-term Ratings 
 
 
of the Notes 
of the Issuer 
of the Notes 
of the Issuer 
 
Moody's 
P-1 
P-1 
Aa1 
Aa1 
(stable outlook) 
 
Standard & 
Poor's 
Not 
Applicable 
A-1+ 
Not 
Applicable 
AA 
(stable outlook) 
 
Fitch 
F1+ 
F1+ 
AAA 
AAA 
(stable outlook) 
 
Each of Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch has been established in the European 
Union, has been registered with the relevant competent authority under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation) and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
 
The rating Moody's has given to the Issuer is endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd, 
which is established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation). 
 
The rating Standard & Poor's has given to the Issuer is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited, which is established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
 
The rating Fitch has given to the Issuer is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, which is 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
For further details in relation to these ratings (including descriptions thereof) see the 
subsection entitled "Description of the Issuer – Ratings".

--- Page 12 ---
10 
 
 
 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings set out 
above. 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, hold or sell any Notes and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Approval, notification, listing and 
admission to trading: 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the CSSF in its capacity as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are subject of this 
Prospectus. In accordance with Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for 
Securities dated 16th July, 2019 (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour 
valeurs mobilières), by approving this Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for 
the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Prospectus 
or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
 
In accordance with Article 25 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer has requested 
the CSSF to provide the competent authority in Germany with a Notification. The Issuer 
may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional member states within 
the EEA with further Notifications. 
 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (including its professional segment). 
 
Notes may, after notification of this Prospectus in accordance with Article 25 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, be listed on any stock exchange located in a member state of the 
EEA and may be admitted to trading on the regulated market of any such stock exchange, 
all as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Further application may be made by the Issuer to the Stock Exchange Düsseldorf for Notes 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Stock Exchange Düsseldorf. 
 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes, Notes not admitted to trading on any market or 
Notes not publicly offered. 
 
The relevant Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will state whether or not the 
Notes are to be admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Selling restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and/or transfer of the Notes in the United States of 
America (the United States or US), Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, Switzerland 
and the EEA (including Belgium, France, Germany and Italy) and the United Kingdom as 
set out in the section entitled "Subscription and Sale". 
 
In particular, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will 
offer, sell and deliver or otherwise convey the Notes only to the European Central 
Bank, any other central bank or institutional investors such as banks, insurers or 
other entities or persons which are regularly engaged in or established for the 
purposes of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities or other financial 
assets, and not to the general public. 
Risk Factors: 
An investment in Notes to be issued under the Programme involves certain risks. A 
discussion of these risks is set out in the section entitled "Risk Factors". There are certain 
factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes to be 
issued under the Programme. These are set out in the subsection entitled "Risk Factors 
Relating to the Issuer". In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with any Notes to be issued under the 
Programme and risks relating to the structure of Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
These are set out in the section entitled "Risk Factors Relating to the Notes".

--- Page 13 ---
11 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing the Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make payments due 
in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to 
make payments due in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which the Issuer 
may currently deem not to be material may become material over time and could likewise impair the business operations of the Issuer 
and have a material adverse effect on its business, cash flows, results of operations and its financial condition. 
The Issuer has identified in the following subsection entitled "Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer" a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under any Notes. 
In addition, certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes to be issued under 
the Programme and risks relating to the structure of Notes to be issued under the Programme are also described below in the subsection 
entitled "Risks Relating to the Notes". 
Prospective investors should consider these risk factors before deciding to purchase Notes to be issued under the Programme. In 
addition, prospective investors should be aware that the risks described below may combine and thus intensify one another. 
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus and should consult with their own professional 
advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this section 
"Risk Factors". 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer 
As a matter of the nature of the Issuer's business it is exposed to the following risks, which are presented in the categories below 
depending on their nature with the most material risk factor mentioned first in each category. 
1. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer's Business Activities and the Financial Markets, 
2. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer's Financial Condition and Specific Situation, and 
3. 
Legal, Regulatory and Tax risks and Other Risks. 
1. Risks Relating to the Issuer's Business Activities and the Financial Markets 
Credit Exposure and Increased Loss Provisions 
Pursuant to EAA's charter as of 11th December, 2009, as last amended on 17th December, 2020 (Statut; the Charter), EAA was set 
up to wind-up the portfolio of risk assets and non-strategic businesses/assets that comprised loans, public finance securities, other 
tradable securities and structured credit products which were acquired from WestLB AG (now: Portigon) and its subsidiaries. Hence, 
the Issuer's business consists almost entirely of administering distressed and non-strategic financial assets acquired from Portigon and 
Portigon's subsidiaries with a view to releasing Portigon and Portigon's subsidiaries from, in particular, the credit risk attributable to 
such financial assets, and is thus subject to the risk that debtors of such assets and other contractual partners may become unable to 
meet their obligations vis-à-vis the Issuer (including, but not limited to effects following from the outbreak of COVID-19 (as further 
described in the subsection entitled "Pandemic Outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 ("COVID-19")"). 
Such defaults may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to foresee or detect or have not yet been foreseen or detected. 
In addition, the Issuer may find that any collateral position is insufficient to cover the respective credit exposure due to, for example, 
market developments reducing the value of such collateral. 
The Issuer's exposure to counterparties in the financial services industry in the normal course of its business is particularly significant. 
This exposure can arise through trading, lending, clearance and settlement and many other activities and relationships. These 
counterparties include brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional market participants. The Issuer 
is exposed to the credit risk of any contractual counterparty which may crystallise in the event of a default. The insolvency of any 
counterparty may impair the effectiveness of the Issuer's hedging and other risk management strategies and, to the extent the Issuer has 
not hedged itself against such credit risk, is likely to have a negative effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. This may eventually lead to a situation in which the Issuer has to rely on EAA's stakeholders (being the State of North Rhine-
Westphalia (NRW), the Westfälisch-Lippischer Sparkassen- und Giroverband (WLSGV) also known as Sparkassenverband 
Westfalen-Lippe (SVWL), the Rheinischer Sparkassen- und Giroverband (RSGV), the Landschaftsverband Rheinland (LVR) and the 
Landschaftsverband Westfalen-Lippe (LWL) (each an Indemnifying Person and together the Indemnifying Persons)) to cover its 
losses and, consequently, its timely payments under the Notes could be adversely affected. In addition, the duty of the Indemnifying 
Persons to offset losses (Verlustausgleichspflicht) as set out in section 7 of the Charter (and certain instruments agreed between each 
Indemnifying Person and the Issuer which – up to an additional funding ("equity call-in rights"; "Eigenkapitalziehungsrechte") in the 
aggregate amount of Euro 480 million – together aim to prevent the Issuer's equity from falling below a minimum value of Euro 50 
million), which is aimed at ensuring the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations at all times, is limited as set out in the

--- Page 14 ---
12 
 
 
Charter and does not constitute an explicit guarantee by such Indemnifying Persons (as described further in below subsection "Duty of 
the Financial Market Stabilisation Fund and of EAA's Stakeholders to Offset Losses (Verlustausgleichspflicht) is not an Explicit 
Guarantee"). Moreover, if the already implemented and planned actions to manage liquidity do not lead to the planned funding success, 
the Issuer's liquidity position and, consequently, its timely payments under the Notes, could be adversely affected. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that the Issuer may have to increase its loss provisions in the future as a result of a rise in the number or 
amount of non-performing financial assets in its portfolio or as a result of applying uniform provisioning policies to the entire asset 
portfolio of the Issuer. 
Any defaults as a result of increased credit risks and increases in loss provisions in excess of existing provisions could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks Relating to Disruptions in the Global Credit Markets and Economy 
Uncertainty on the pricing of credit risk and concerns about the global economy continue to create difficult conditions in the financial 
markets on which the Issuer depends when administering distressed and financial assets. Financial markets are generally subject to 
periods of historic volatility which may impact the Issuer's ability to raise funding in a similar manner, and at a similar cost, to the 
funding raised since the Issuer's establishment. However, challenging market conditions have resulted in greater volatility but also in 
reduced liquidity, widening of credit spreads and lack of price transparency in credit markets. The Issuer is particularly exposed to such 
challenging market conditions as the value of most of its assets have deteriorated from the disruptions in the global credit market.  
Likewise, international conflicts, such as the Russia-Ukraine war, impose a certain risk to the Issuer's business. The military actions 
between Russia and the Ukraine, the severe economic sanctions and export controls imposed on Russia and certain Russian companies 
and individuals as well as countermeasures taken by the Russian government and other countries, have already materially restricted 
the level of economic activity in these countries and increased uncertainty and volatility in the global financial markets. Furthermore, 
such sanctions, measures and countermeasures are expected to increase energy prices, negatively impact global supply chains and 
adversely affect the global economy. While the consequences this may have on the Issuer's portfolio are difficult to predict, any such 
economic turmoil may negatively impact the ability of the Issuer for refinancing and its associated costs may increase. In addition, the 
credit quality of the Issuer's counterparties and banks with which the Issuer cooperates may be negatively impaired and further 
adversely impact the Issuer's business. 
In addition, the financial performance of the Issuer could be adversely affected by a worsening of the general economic conditions in 
the markets in which it operates (including, but not limited to worsening effects following from the outbreak of COVID-19 (as further 
described in the subsection entitled "Pandemic Outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 ("COVID-19")").  
Each of the above described effects may eventually lead to a situation in which the Issuer has to rely on the Indemnifying Persons to 
cover its losses and, consequently, its timely payments under the Notes could be adversely affected. Changes in investment markets, 
including changes in interest rates, exchange rates and returns from equity, property and other investments, may negatively affect the 
Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
General Market Risks 
The market value of the asset portfolio of the Issuer depends, inter alia, on interest rates, foreign exchange rates, stock prices, credit 
spreads, index levels, fund prices and commodity prices. Accordingly, changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, stock prices, 
credit spreads, index levels, fund prices and commodity prices may negatively affect the market value of the asset portfolio of the 
Issuer. This is in particular the case in respect of the derivative portfolio which was transferred with retroactive effect as of 1st January, 
2012 (with respect to assets held in Portigon's banking book) and as of 1st July, 2012 (with respect to assets held in Portigon's trading 
book and assets held in Portigon's banking book acquired by Portigon after 31st December, 2011) from Portigon to the Issuer (also 
referred to as the Follow-up Portfolio). The liabilities comprised funding liabilities and trading book liabilities which has been 
transferred to EAA as part of the Follow-up Portfolio. It is also difficult to predict changes in economic or market conditions and to 
anticipate the effects that such changes could have on the Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition. If any such 
market risks materialise and result in a material worsening of the Issuer's financial condition, this may eventually lead to a situation in 
which the Issuer has to rely on the Indemnifying Persons to cover its losses, which could lead to payments under the Notes not being 
made timely and which, in case the limit for the offset of losses is reached (see the subsection entitled "Credit Exposure and Increased 
Loss Provisions") could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Pandemic Outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 ("COVID-19") 
The pandemic outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 first identified in December 2019 has worldwide led to a number of measures aiming at the 
mitigation of a further expansion of the virus and its associated desease ("COVID-19"), such as travel bans, impositions of quarantines 
and lockdowns, closures of workplaces and other social distancing measures. While some of these measures have been lifted in the 
meantime, some or all of these measures – if they continue to apply or get reinstalled – may have a material adverse effect on global 
markets, the economy in general and on the financial markets in which the Issuer and its counterparties operates. The implications of 
such outbreaks depend on a number of factors, such as the duration and spread of the respective outbreak as well as the timing, 
suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by authorities, the availability of resources, including human, material, infrastructure 
and financial (e.g., governmental stimulus packages and/or measures introduced by central banks) required to implement effective

--- Page 15 ---
13 
 
 
responses to the respective situation at the international, national and regional level as well as the level of civil compliance with such 
measures. There is no guarantee that such measures, or a combination thereof, are effective means to combat such an outbreak and the 
implications resulting therefrom may have material adverse effects on the Issuer and its business and financial situation. Following 
from this and depending on the duration of the COVID-19 crisis, the ability of the Issuer for refinancing may be negatively impacted 
and its associated costs may increase. This may be due to various factors like, for intstance, rising credit spreads that may impact 
derivative transactions or limited availability of counterparties with which the Issuer enters into refinancing transactions. 
Moreover, the COVID-19 crisis may have an adverse effect on the Issuer in timely pursueing the winding-up of the risk assets and the 
non-strategic businesses/assets taken over in accordance with its Winding-up Plan (see the subsection entitled "The Winding-up Plan"). 
The materialisation of any of the risks outlined above could each have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
2. Risks Relating to the Issuer's Financial Condition and Specific Situation 
Risk of Changes in the Issuer's Credit Ratings and Actual or Anticipated Changes in its Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations 
Several rating agencies assess whether the Issuer will be able to fulfil its obligations in future and rate its creditworthiness. As a public 
law entity with partial legal capacity (teilrechtsfähige Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts), the ratings applicable to debt securities issued 
by the Issuer directly depend on the ratings of the State of North Rhine-Westphalia which the latter has received from Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
In case the Issuer applies for ratings in connection with its Notes such ratings may (without prior warning) be lowered or withdrawn 
entirely at any time by the relevant rating agency. A downgrade or the mere possibility of a downgrade of the Issuer's ratings could 
have material adverse effects on its refinancing costs and its relationship with investors as future issuances of unsecured notes may 
become significantly more expensive or may not be possible in the targeted amount. In addition, such downgrade or the mere possibility 
of a downgrade of the Issuer's ratings or actual or anticipated changes in its financial condition or results of operations could negatively 
affect the market value of any outstanding Notes. If any of the risks described above were to materialise, it would be more difficult for 
the Issuer to pursue its current financing strategy, which could have material adverse effects on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
The Duty of the Financial Market Stabilisation Fund and of EAA's Stakeholders to Offset Losses (Verlustausgleichspflicht) is not an 
Explicit Guarantee and Holders do not Have a Recourse Right against any of the Indemnifying Persons in Respect of the Obligations 
under the Notes 
While the Financial Market Stabilisation Fund (the Fund) (acting through the Federal Republic of Germany – Finance Agency GmbH 
(Bundesrepublik Deutschland – Finanzagentur GmbH; (Finanzagentur)) as well as the stakeholders of the Issuer, NRW, SVWL, 
RSGV, LVR and LWL, are individually liable to EAA and are also liable to the Fund (acting through Finanzagentur) to offset losses 
incurred by EAA in accordance with section 7 of the Charter, investors should note that such duty of any Indemnifying Person to offset 
losses (Verlustausgleichspflicht) is limited as set out in the Charter and does not constitute an explicit guarantee by such Indemnifying 
Person for the benefit of EAA's counterparties (see the subsection entitled "Credit Exposure and Increased Loss Provisions"). The 
holders of any Notes to be issued under the Programme should note that they do not have a recourse right against any of the 
Indemnifying Persons in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Notes. As a result, the Issuer's liquidity position and, 
consequently, its timely payments under the Notes, could be adversely affected and the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make 
payments under the Notes. 
Dependency on Portigon, Erste Financial Services GmbH (formerly Portigon Financial Services GmbH) and other Parties as 
Service Providers 
Due to the limited resources of the Issuer it is subject to the risk that service providers, advisers and other contractual partners do not 
meet their obligations to the Issuer. To the extent assets are not effectively transferred from Portigon to the Issuer but the Issuer has 
assumed the risks thereof, Portigon remains the relevant debtors' primary contact even if it is acting in EAA's name and/or on its 
account pursuant to the contractual agreements accompanying the transfer of the § 8 Portfolio, the Main Portfolio and the Follow-Up 
Portfolio from Portigon to the Issuer. Thus, the Issuer depends on Portigon, Erste Financial Services GmbH (formerly Portigon 
Financial Services GmbH) and other parties as service providers. 
Portigon transferred its main servicing relationship with the Issuer with effect as of 1st February, 2014 to Portigon Financial Services 
GmbH, Düsseldorf (PFS). PFS was originally wholly owned by Portigon. The Issuer acquired PFS from Portigon in early 2016. The 
European Commission consented to the acquisition that supports the operational stability in the ongoing winding-up process undertaken 
by the Issuer and that fulfils the requirements concerning the sale or dissolution as set out in the European Commission's ruling of 20th 
December, 2011, obliging Portigon (formerly WestLB) to transfer the servicing relationship with the Issuer to a subsidiary which, 
according to the ruling, was to be successfully sold by the end of 2016 or, failing such successful sale, was to be dissolved by the end 
of 2017. Subsequently, PFS changed its name to Erste Financial Services GmbH (EFS) and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Issuer. EFS (formerly: PFS) is a service provider for the servicing of financial portfolios and held a license for rendering financial 
services until late 2018. Within the scope of a cooperation agreement between the Issuer and EFS, EFS sub-outsourced a large part of

--- Page 16 ---
14 
 
 
the service provision to IBM Deutschland GmbH (IBM) with effect from 1st December, 2017. This transaction ensured that the Issuer 
will continue to have at its disposal all of the services it needs to continue with the wind-up of the assets transferred from the former 
WestLB. For the time being, EFS remains a subsidiary of the Issuer. On the basis of the outsourcing agreement with EFS, IBM will 
provide the Issuer with both IT and operational services for loan, securities and derivatives portfolios. The service provider management 
formerly provided by EFS has been integrated into the Issuer in the meantime. 
In addition to the above, the EAA Portfolio Advisers GmbH (EPA) (now Mount Street Portfolio Advisers GmbH (MSPA)) renders 
advisory services to the Issuer pursuant to a servicing agreement. EPA (now MSPA) was originally established as a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Issuer. In line with the Winding-up Plan (as defined below) for the Issuer, EPA (now MSPA) was sold to Mount 
Street Group in 2017 and EPA subsequently changed its name to Mount Street Portfolio Advisers GmbH.  
The Issuer depends on these parties and the services provided by them and there is no guarantee that a substitute for any service provider 
or contractual partner will be able to fulfil the Issuer's needs on economically reasonable terms and in an adequate manner. Further, a 
substitute servicer may be less effective in this role than any existing servicer. 
In its strategic vision to optimise and focus its operating model, the Issuer foresees to reduce internal and external service provision 
requirements to the necessary level, to rebuild the Issuer to essential functions and to obtain the remaining services from specialised 
service providers. To take this into account and to have recourse to a flexible servicer landscape from the second quarter of 2023 
onwards, the Issuer issued invitations in several Europe-wide tender procedures in 2021 for the provision of key services required to 
manage its portfolios. These were awarded in September and October 2021. To ensure long-term servicing and a stable business 
relationship, the respective service agreements were awarded with a term of 14 years (including extension options). The Issuer entered 
the transition phase in the fourth quarter of 2021. The new servicer structure is scheduled to be implemented by the end of the second 
quarter of 2023.  
In addition to the servicer changes described above, the banking services required by the Issuer in the future will also be consolidated 
in close coordination with the aforementioned transition project. These are mainly account management and payment transactions, 
which are currently handled by HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt GmbH, Düsseldorf, and the administration and safe-keeping of securities 
portfolios, which are currently provided by Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main. 
To further streamline and simplify the processes, it is intended to procure these banking services from a single source by the end of the 
second quarter of 2023, at the same time as the transition of portfolio services. Following a call for tender J.P. Morgan SE, Frankfurt 
am Main was given the mandate. 
Until the transition phase is concluded and the transfer to the new service providers is completed, the existing service providers will 
continue to provide services to the Issuer. There is no guarantee that a substitute for all of the Issuer's current or scheduled service 
providers or contractual partners for the services so to be obtained can be found that would be willing and able to fulfil the Issuer's 
needs on economically reasonable terms and in an adequate manner. Further, a substitute servicer may be less effective in this role than 
any existing or scheduled servicer. 
As the Issuer has to rely on services provided due to its limited resources, this could lead to the Issuer suffering unforeseeable 
disruptions in its efforts to continue with the wind-up of the assets in line with the Winding-up Plan (see the subsection entitled "The 
Winding-up Plan") and may lead to unforeseeable losses.  
If any of the risks described above were to materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
The Assets Transferred to the Issuer May be Subject to Risks and Certain Assets Have Been Transferred only Economically 
Almost all of the assets of Portigon have been legally transferred to the Issuer from various branches and subsidiaries of Portigon 
worldwide. However, a very small portion of these assets has not been legally transferred to the Issuer due to legal, tax, regulatory 
and/or economic concerns related to a transfer of legal title in such assets. Nevertheless, the Issuer has obtained an economic interest 
in such assets. Consequently, the Issuer may not be able to fully dispose of such assets and fully depends on Portigon as the legal holder 
of such assets. As a consequence, the Issuer is exposed to the performance of Portigon's obligations in respect of any asset not legally 
transferred to EAA in full (see also the subsection entitled "Dependency on Portigon, Erste Financial Services GmbH (formerly 
Portigon Financial Services GmbH) and Other Parties as Service Providers"). 
The assets transferred to the Issuer are and may be subject to general risks, including additional taxes or regulatory restrictions that are 
difficult to foresee or detect or have not yet been foreseen or detected. In the financial year 2022, a provision of Euro 3.3 million was 
established for legal risks. Furthermore, other risks (e.g. economic, financial or legal) may only be detected in future. If any of these 
risks were to materialise, this could have a negative impact on the value of the assets transferred and, thus, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
There is no Assurance that the Winding-up Plan Will be Met 
The risk assets and the non-strategic businesses/assets taken over by the Issuer must be wound up in accordance with the current 
winding-up plan (Abwicklungsplan) as updated following the transfer of the Follow-up Portfolio to the Issuer (the Winding-up Plan). 
According to the current Winding-up Plan, this is envisaged to occur in 2027.

--- Page 17 ---
15 
 
 
However, there can be no assurance that the risk assets and the non-strategic businesses/assets taken over by the Issuer can successfully 
be wound up in accordance with the Winding-up Plan, within the intended winding-up period or at all. The Issuer has made provisions 
in 2022 totaling Euro 69.7 million (2021: Euro 83.5 million) with the predominant part of the existing provisions being attributable to 
winding-up activities. Any delay in the intended winding-up period or at all may negatively affect the Issuer's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
3. Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks and Other Risks 
Legal Risks 
The Issuer is subject to various legal risks in connection with its business. For example, following the transfer of the Follow-up Portfolio 
the Issuer also assumed contingent liabilities related to potential legal disputes which have been brought or will be brought against 
Portigon (formerly WestLB) and its affiliated companies. 
The Issuer is currently in a legal dispute with Portigon, who is the legal successor of WestLB. In connection with dividend arbitrage 
transactions between 2005 and 2008, WestLB may have been unjustifiably credited with capital gains tax, which the competent tax 
authorities have been trying to reclaim with interest from Portigon since 2019. Portigon has made payments to the tax authorities in 
relation to this, but appealed against the underlying recovery orders. In addition, it has requested the Issuer to reimburse or release it 
from these expenses totalling around Euro 1 billion plus statutory default interest, in each case from the date of assertion against the 
Issuer. With judgement dated 29th September, 2021, the Frankfurt am Main Regional Court of first instance (Landgericht) had upheld 
Portigon's action against the Issuer requesting reimbursement of or release from the aforementioned expenses for the assessment periods 
2005 to 2011. In the appeal proceedings, the Higher Regional Court (Oberlandesgericht) of Frankfurt am Main dismissed Portigon's 
action in its ruling dated 21st December, 2022. Furthermore, it did not admit an appeal to the Federal Supreme Court 
(Bundesgerichtshof), which Portigon responded to with a non-admission complaint (Nichtzulassungsbeschwerde) to the Federal 
Supreme Court (Bundesgerichtshof) for a permission to appeal. Should the Issuer be held liable to reimburse or release Portigon from 
its expenses, this may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial situation. 
Furthermore, since April 2010, the authorities in the US and in the European Union (EU) (particularly the German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority; Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin)) had been investigating possible misconduct in the 
trading departments of several banks. In connection with the quotations of reference interest rates, the results of the investigation have 
not produced any evidence of wrongdoing at the former WestLB (now Portigon); the investigations by BaFin and the US supervisory 
authorities were terminated without any measures being undertaken against Portigon. In addition, Portigon together with a large number 
of banks active in the US was sued in this context in various class action lawsuits in the US for alleged manipulative actions with regard 
to reference interest rates. Certain aspects of these class actions were repeatedly rejected in the court of first instance also with respect 
to Portigon. Some plaintiffs launched an appeal against this which led in part to a referral back to the court of first instance that has yet 
to make a final ruling. 
In a different matter, the authorities have accused Portigon of misconduct in the trading departments. Portigon is taking legal action 
against this. 
Should any of the aforementioned legal risks materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations and financial condition and may eventually lead to a situation in which the Issuer has to rely on the Indemnifying Persons 
to cover its losses and, consequently, its timely payments under the Notes could be adversely affected. 
The United Kingdom's Withdrawal from the European Union on 31st January, 2020 ("Brexit") 
The United Kingdom ("UK") left the European Union effective 31st January, 2020. The UK entered an implementation period during 
which it negotiated its future relationship with the EU and concluded a free trade agreement known as the UK-EU Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement (the "TCA"). The TCA is principally a free trade agreement in goods. It does not address in any detail a 
number of areas, including the cross-border provision of services, the passporting of UK and EU financial institutions, the determination 
of equivalence between EU and UK financial market regulations, or judicial cooperation in civil matters.  
The Portfolio of the Issuer consists of a number of assets that are connected to counterparties seated in the UK. In addition, the Issuer 
is engaged with various counterparties domiciled in the UK (in particular with regard to derivative transactions) in order to support its 
hedging and risk management strategies. Notwithstanding the conclusion of the TCA by the EU and the UK, and the on-shoring by the 
UK of EU retained law, there are likely to be changes in the legal rights and obligations of commercial parties across all industries, 
particularly in the services sector (including financial services) following the UK's exit from the EU. This may have a negative impact 
on the existing transactions of the Issuer with its counterparties domiciled in the UK and may result in higher costs for the Issuer to 
pursue its strategies and may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Tax Risks 
EAA is subject to risks associated with tax audits, changes to tax legislation or jurisprudence. EAA's business operations are assessed 
for tax purposes (by EAA and its tax advisers) on the basis of current tax legislation and in light of current case law and administrative 
practice. If any such tax law or practice changes or the tax positions in respect of the Portfolio and/or the Follow-up Portfolio (including

--- Page 18 ---
16 
 
 
EAA's subsidiaries and participations) changes significantly resulting in material additional tax charges, the Issuer's business, results 
of operations and financial condition may materially adversely be effected. 
Regulatory Risks 
The Issuer is not a bank or otherwise licensed financial institution and must not provide or conduct regulated business activities 
requiring a licence pursuant to the Directive 2006/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14th June, 2006 (which has 
been repealed by Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26th June, 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms). It is, however, subject to the limited 
supervision by BaFin but is not supervised in a way credit institutions are supervised by BaFin. The Issuer is not licensed or supervised 
in any jurisdiction outside Germany. This may influence the Issuer's approach to administer its assets and may affect its financial 
performance. For instance, some jurisdictions may require specific assets (for which the Issuer bears the economic risks) to be held by 
a credit institution which may negatively impact the Issuer's ability to successfully wind-up such assets in accordance with the Winding-
up Plan, within the intended winding-up period or at all (see the subsection entitled "The Winding-up Plan"). Changes in existing, or 
new, government laws and regulations, or enforcement initiatives in respect thereof, in the countries in which the Issuer holds assets 
may adversely affect the Issuer's ability to manage its assets and may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations and financial condition.

--- Page 19 ---
17 
 
 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in the categories below depending on their nature with the most material risk factor 
presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks Relating to All Notes to be Issued under the Programme; 
2. 
Risks Relating to the Structure of Certain Types of Notes to be Issued under the Programme; and 
3. 
Other Related Risks. 
1. Risks Relating to All Notes to be Issued under the Programme 
Liquidity Risks 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes to be issued under the Programme to be listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that 
Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary 
market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily 
lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes 
may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor might 
not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country 
specific reasons. 
Holders May Face Foreign Exchange Risks 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect 
the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative 
transactions and interventions by central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the Euro, for example, will result in a corresponding change in the Euro value 
of Notes denominated in a currency other than Euro and a corresponding change in the Euro value of interest and principal payments 
made in a currency other than Euro in accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of 
the euro correspondingly rise, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in 
euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, Holders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Holders May Face Risks from the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
While the Notes are in global form and held within CBL or Euroclear (together, the ICSDs) or CBF, in all but the most remote 
circumstances, it is not expected that the new reporting regime and potential withholding tax imposed by sections 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (FATCA) will affect the amount of any payment received by the ICSDs or CBF. However, 
FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate investor if 
any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. It also may affect payment to 
any ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an 
ultimate investor that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any 
information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. 
Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or 
agreements related to FATCA) and provide each custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or 
consents that may be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. Investors should 
consult their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may affect them. The Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes are discharged once it has made payment to, or to the order of, the ICSDs or CBF and the Issuer has 
therefore no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through the ICSDs or CBF and custodians or intermediaries. 
Holders May Face Risks from the Implementation of a Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14th February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a Directive for a common 
financial transactions tax. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary 
market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
The financial transactions tax proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating EU Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Therefore, it is currently uncertain whether and when the 
proposed financial transactions tax will be enacted and when it will take effect with regard to dealings in the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
18 
 
 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the consequences of the financial 
transactions tax. 
Holders May Face Risks from a Change of the Law Underlying the Notes 
The terms and conditions of the Notes are based on German law in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to German law (or law applicable in Germany) or administrative practice 
after the date of this Prospectus which could have a negative impact on certain terms (e.g. the yield of the Notes) and the Holder may 
suffer a loss. 
2. Risks Relating to the Structure of Certain Types of Notes to be Issued under the Programme 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain particular risks 
for prospective investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Holders Are Exposed to Market Price Risks in Relation to the Notes 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of interest rate levels, the policy of central 
banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the supply and demand for the relevant type of Notes. The market price of the 
Notes may also be negatively affected by an increase in the Issuer's credit spreads, i.e. the difference between yields on the Issuer's 
debt and the yield of government bonds or swap rates of similar maturity. The Issuer's credit spreads are mainly based on its perceived 
creditworthiness but also influenced by other factors such as general market trends as well as supply and demand for such Notes. 
Therefore, any Holder is exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if the 
Holder sells its Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Holder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity the Notes will 
be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes (including Step-up Notes and Step-down Notes) Are Exposed to the Risk that the Price of Such Notes Falls 
as a Result of Changes in the Market Interest Rate 
A Holder of a Fixed Rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of changes in the current interest rate 
on the capital markets for comparable debt securities of the same maturity (the Market Interest Rate). While the nominal interest rate 
of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the relevant Final Terms is fixed during the term of such Note, the Market Interest Rate typically 
changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Note also changes, but in the opposite direction. 
If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically falls, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal 
to the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such 
Note is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. The same risk applies to Step-up Notes and Step-down Notes if the Market 
Interest Rates are higher than the nominal interest rates applicable to such Notes. Potential purchasers of Fixed Rate Notes should be 
aware that movements of the Market Interest Rate could adversely affect the market price of the Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes may also bear an interest rate of zero per cent., in which case no interest will be paid. If a Holder purchases such 
Note at a price (which term shall include any possible issue surcharge or any provisions, commissions or transactional costs in 
connection with such purchase) higher than the redemption amount of such Note, the yield of the Note so purchased may be negative 
and the Holder may suffer a loss. 
Holders of Floating Rate Notes Are Exposed to the Risk of Fluctuating Interest Rate Levels 
Floating Rate Notes pay a variable amount of interest based on a reference interest rate (such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR), the Euro Short-Term Rate (EuroSTR) or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)) or a certain swap rate on 
specified interest payment dates. Floating Rate Notes tend to be volatile investments. A Holder of a Floating Rate Note is exposed to 
the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and, consequently, uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible 
to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should 
be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may be structured to include caps and/or floors. In such case, their market value may be more volatile than the 
market value for Floating Rate Notes that do not include these features. The effect of a cap is that the amount of interest will never rise 
above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that Holders will not be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond 
the cap. The yield could therefore be considerably lower than that of similar Floating Rate Notes without a cap. 
Specific Risks Arise in Case Floating Rate Notes Are Linked to a Benchmark (other than EuroSTR or SOFR) as Reference Interest 
Rate 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks (including EURIBOR and other interest rates and indices) are the subject 
of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or to have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark.

--- Page 21 ---
19 
 
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8th June, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (as amended, the Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed), and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed), unless such 
benchmark administrators are exempt from the application of the Benchmarks Regulation, such as, for example, central banks and 
certain public authorities. 
The Benchmarks Regulation as far as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any 
other benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the EURIBOR or such other benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the EURIBOR or such other benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks could increase 
the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements. 
Separate workstreams were commenced in Europe to reform EURIBOR by using a hybrid methodology and to provide a fallback by 
reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 
13th September, 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended EuroSTR as the new risk-free rate. The ECB 
commenced publishing EuroSTR on 2nd October, 2019. In addition, on 21st January, 2019, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The guiding 
principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system. Further recommendations have been issued on 11th May, 2021. 
The new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has already been adapted to the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. It is not possible 
to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR or certain benchmarks will continue to be supported going forwards. 
This may cause EURIBOR and such benchmarks to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have the following effects on the relevant benchmark: (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the benchmarks, or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as 
a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The terms and conditions of Notes linked to or referencing any benchmark (other than EuroSTR or SOFR) provide for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a benchmark and/or any page on which a benchmark may be published (and/or any successor service) 
becomes unavailable or a Rate Replacement Event in respect of a benchmark, which is used to determine the rate of interest applicable 
to such Notes, occurs, including if (1) a benchmark ceases to be published for a period of at least ten business days prior to and including 
the relevant Determination Day, (2) public announcements are made by the administrator of a benchmark that such benchmark is no 
longer representative or will no longer be representative of the underlying market it purports to measure as of a certain date, and that 
such representativeness will not be restored, (3) public announcements are made by, inter alia, administrators, supervisors of 
administrators, the central bank for the specified currency and/or any insolvency official or resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of a benchmark that, inter alia, (i) the publication of such benchmark will cease permanently or indefinitely, (ii) such 
benchmark has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued, (iii) such benchmark will permanently or indefinitely cease 
to be provided by its administrator, (iv) such benchmark will be prohibited from being used, or (v) that a material change of the 
methodology of calculation of such benchmark has occurred or will occur. 
As outlined above, the rate of interest on Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark (other than EuroSTR or SOFR) may cease to be 
determined by reference to the original benchmark which is used to determine the rate of interest applicable to those Notes, and instead 
be determined by reference to a Replacement Rate, even if the original benchmark continues to be published. Such rate may be lower 
than the original benchmark rate for so long as that benchmark continues to be published, and the value of and return on the Notes may 
be adversely affected. 
Such fallback arrangements further include the possibility that the rate of interest could be determined by reference to a Replacement 
Rate, with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread and may include adjustments to the relevant terms and conditions to 
ensure the proper operation of the Replacement Rate, all as determined by an Independent Adviser or the Issuer. An Adjustment Spread, 
if applied, may be positive or negative or zero and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any transfer of economic value between the Issuer and Holders arising as a result of the replacement of a reference interest 
rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such Adjustment 
Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to the Holders. The use of a Replacement Rate (including with 
the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark (other than EuroSTR or 
SOFR) performing differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if such benchmark were to 
continue to apply in its current form.

--- Page 22 ---
20 
 
 
If, following the occurrence of a Rate Replacement Event, no Replacement Rate, Adjustment Spread or Replacement Rate Adjustments 
can be determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the rate of interest for a particular Interest Period will result 
in the reference interest rate for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the same rate of interest being applied 
to the Notes until their maturity, effectively turning the Notes, which are supposed to pay a floating rate of interest, into debt instruments 
with a fixed rate of interest. 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Replacement Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser, and the potential 
for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Furthermore, if the rate of interest payable under any Notes referencing or linked to a benchmark (other than EuroSTR or SOFR) cannot 
be determined due to any reason other than a Rate Replacement Event certain fallback provisions will apply with regard to interest 
determination. The application of these fallback provisions could result in the same rate of interest being applied to the Notes until their 
maturity, effectively turning the Notes, which are supposed to pay a floating rate of interest, into debt instruments with a fixed rate of 
interest. 
Finally, under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission was also granted powers to designate a replacement 
for certain critical benchmarks contained in certain contracts and financial instruments where those contracts and financial instruments 
do not already contain suitable fallback provisions. There can be no assurance that the fallback provisions of any Notes would be 
considered suitable. Accordingly, there is a risk that Notes linked to a benchmark would be transitioned to a replacement benchmark 
selected by the European Commission. There is no certainty at this stage what any such replacement benchmark would be. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the 
Benchmarks Regulation or the reforms mentioned above in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a 
benchmark. 
Notes linked to EuroSTR 
The Euro short-term rate (the EuroSTR) is published by the European Central Bank (the ECB) and is intended to reflect the wholesale 
euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area and to complement existing benchmark rates produced by 
the private sector, serving as a backstop reference rate. The ECB reports that EuroSTR will be calculated based entirely on actual 
individual transactions in Euro that are reported by banks in accordance with the ECB's money market statistical reporting (the MMSR). 
The ECB reports that EuroSTR is calculated as a volume-weighted trimmed mean based on borrowing transactions in Euro conducted 
with financial counterparties that banks report in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1333/2014 (the MMSR Regulation), the 
concepts and definitions of which underlie the EuroSTR conceptual framework. The ECB notes that the EuroSTR is based on daily 
confidential statistical information relating to money market transactions collected in accordance with the MMSR Regulation. The 
regular data collection started on 1st July, 2016. EuroSTR is based exclusively on the eligible data from the unsecured market segment 
of the MMSR. 
The ECB further notes that the use of EuroSTR is subject to limitations and disclaimers, including that the ECB may (i) materially 
change EuroSTR methodology or the EuroSTR determination process, or (ii) cease the determination and publication of EuroSTR (in 
each case after consulting with stakeholders to the extent it is possible or practicable and all as described in Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 
of the European Central Bank of 10th July, 2019 on the Euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19)).  
Because EuroSTR is published by the ECB based on data received from other sources, the Issuer has no control over its determination, 
calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that EuroSTR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes referencing EuroSTR. If the manner in which the EuroSTR is calculated is 
changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading price of the Notes. The 
EuroSTR in respect of any calendar day may be zero or negative. 
The ECB began to publish EuroSTR as of 2nd October, 2019. The ECB had also begun publishing historical indicative pre-EuroSTR 
going back to March 2017. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in EuroSTR as an indicator of future changes 
in the EuroSTR. Also, since the EuroSTR is a new market index, any Notes referencing EuroSTR will be likely to have no established 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
instruments indexed to the EuroSTR, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of any Notes referencing EuroSTR may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt instruments as a result. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing EuroSTR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous Notes referencing EuroSTR issued under the Programme. The nascent development of EuroSTR as 
reference interest rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of rates based on the EuroSTR for such markets 
and market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or otherwise affect the market 
price of any Notes referencing EuroSTR to be issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Interest on any Notes referencing EuroSTR is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in such Notes to reliably estimate the amount 
of interest that will be payable on such Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
21 
 
 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on the EuroSTR in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of the EuroSTR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of reference rates based on the EuroSTR across these 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of Notes referencing EuroSTR. 
Further, if EuroSTR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of any Notes referencing the 
EuroSTR may be lower than those of debt instruments linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in Notes referencing 
EuroSTR may not be able to sell their Notes at all or may not be able to sell their Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. 
Investors should be aware that, if EuroSTR were temporarily unavailable or permanently discontinued, the rate of interest on any Notes 
referencing the EuroSTR will be determined for the relevant interest period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes, which 
include, inter alia, the application of certain successor rates. 
Investors should further be aware that, if EuroSTR were permanently dicontinued, the rate of interest on any Notes referencing 
EuroSTR will be determined for the relevant interest period by fallback provisions which differ from those applicable in case EuroSTR 
were temporarily unavailable. 
The application of the fallback provisions could result in the same interest rate being applied to such Notes until their maturity, 
effectively turning the Notes, which are supposed to pay a floating rate of interest, into debt instruments with a fixed rate of interest. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks involved in making 
any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing EuroSTR. 
Notes linked to SOFR 
The Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the Federal Reserve) and is 
intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralised by securities issued by the United States 
Department of the Treasury (the Treasury). The Federal Reserve reports that the SOFR includes all trades in the Broad General 
Collateral Rate, being a measure of rates on overnight Treasury general collateral repurchase agreement (repo) transactions, plus 
bilateral Treasury repurchase agreement transactions cleared through the delivery-versus-payment service offered by the Fixed Income 
Clearing Corporation (the FICC), a subsidiary of the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (DTCC). The SOFR is filtered by 
the Federal Reserve to remove a portion of the foregoing transactions considered to be "specials". 
The Federal Reserve reports that the SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of transaction-level tri-party repo data collected 
from The Bank of New York Mellon as well as transaction data from repurchase agreements in the form of general collateral financing 
trades and data on bilateral Treasury repurchase transactions cleared through the FICC's delivery-versus-payment service. The Federal 
Reserve notes that it obtains information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC. The Federal Reserve further notes on its 
publication page for the SOFR that use of the SOFR is subject to important limitations and disclaimers, including that the Federal 
Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR at any time 
without prior notice. 
Because the SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve based on data received from other sources, the Issuer has no control over its 
determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that the SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any Notes linked to SOFR. If the manner in which the SOFR is 
calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on any Notes linked to SOFR and the 
trading prices of such Notes. The SOFR in respect of any calendar day may decline to zero or become negative. 
The Federal Reserve began to publish the SOFR in April 2018. The Federal Reserve has also begun publishing historical indicative 
SOFR going back to 2014. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in the SOFR as an indicator of future changes 
in the SOFR. Also, since the SOFR is a relatively new market index, any Notes referencing SOFR will likely have no established 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
instruments indexed to the SOFR, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of any Notes referencing SOFR may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt instruments as a result. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with any previous Notes referencing SOFR issued under the Programme. The nascent development of SOFR as reference interest rate 
for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of rates based on the SOFR for such markets and market infrastructure 
for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or otherwise affect the market price of any Notes 
referencing SOFR to be issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Interest on any Notes referencing SOFR is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in such Notes to reliably estimate the amount 
of interest that will be payable on such Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
22 
 
 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on the SOFR in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of the SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of reference rates based on the SOFR across these markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any 
Notes referencing SOFR. 
Further, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of any Notes referencing SOFR may 
be lower than those of debt instruments linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in Notes referencing SOFR may not be 
able to sell their Notes at all or may not be able to sell their Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should be aware that, if SOFR were temporarily unavailable or permanently discontinued, the rate of interest on any Notes 
referencing SOFR will be determined for the relevant interest period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes, which include, 
inter alia, the application of certain successor rates. 
Investors should further be aware that, if SOFR were permanently discontinued, the rate of interest on any Notes referencing SOFR 
will be determined for the relevant interest period by fallback provisions which differ from those applicable in case SOFR were 
temporarily unavailable. 
The application of the fallback provisions could result in the same interest rate being applied to such Notes until their maturity, 
effectively turning the Notes, which are supposed to pay a floating rate of interest, into debt instruments with a fixed rate of interest. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks involved in making 
any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing SOFR. 
Specific Risks Arise in Case of Inverse/Reverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse/Reverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed interest rate minus an interest rate based upon a reference 
interest rate such as EURIBOR, EuroSTR or SOFR. The market values of these Notes typically are more volatile than market values 
of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference interest rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference interest rate not only decreases the interest rate 
payable under the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which may further adversely affect the market 
value of these Notes. 
Specific Risks Arise in Case of Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes do not pay interest periodically. They are either issued at a discount from or with a premium to their nominal value 
or at par. The difference between the redemption price and the issue price constitutes (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes issued at a 
discount) the income of the Holder or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes issued with a premium) its loss until maturity and reflects the 
Market Interest Rate. A Holder of Zero Coupon Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes in 
the Market Interest Rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Notes are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate Notes and are likely to respond to a 
greater degree to changes in the Market Interest Rate than Fixed Rate Notes with a similar maturity. If a Holder purchases such Notes 
at a price (which term shall include any possible issue surcharge or any provisions, commissions or transactional costs in connection 
with such purchase) higher than the redemption amount of such Notes, the yield of the Notes so purchased may be negative and the 
Holder may suffer a loss. 
Holders Are Exposed to the Risk of Early Redemption of the Notes by the Issuer 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to maturity on one or several dates 
determined beforehand (the Optional Call Right). In addition, the Issuer may have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required 
to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
An Optional Call Right is likely to limit the market value of the relevant Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem 
Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also 
may be true prior to any redemption period. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to an early redemption event, a Holder 
of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption his investment will have a lower yield than expected or even a 
negative yield, depending on the price at which such Holder purchased its Notes. In addition, the Holders may have to reinvest the 
funds they receive upon early redemption on less favourable conditions as compared to the original investment. 
The Issuer may be expected to exercise its Optional Call Right when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate payable under 
the relevant Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower interest rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at the time when they are deciding whether to invest 
in the relevant Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
23 
 
 
It should be noted that the Issuer may exercise any Optional Call Right irrespective of the Market Interest Rates which are relevant on 
a certain call date. 
A Holder is Subject to the Risk of Being Outvoted by a Majority Resolution of the Holders 
If the relevant terms and conditions of the Notes provide for resolutions of Holders, a Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by 
a majority resolution of the Holders. As such majority resolution properly adopted is binding on all Holders, certain rights of such 
Holder against the Issuer under the relevant terms and conditions of the Notes may be amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
The Appointment of a Joint Representative May Restrict a Holder's Right to Pursue and Enforce its Rights under the Conditions 
If the relevant terms and conditions of the Notes provide for the appointment of a Joint Representative, either in the relevant terms and 
conditions or by a majority resolution of the Holders, it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and 
enforce its rights under the relevant terms and conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to the Joint Representative who is then 
exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all Holders. 
3. Other Related Risks 
Credit Ratings May not Reflect All Risks of an Investment in the Notes 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to other debt securities issued by the Issuer. In addition, the rating may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. Any ratings assigned to debt securities of the Issuer as at the date of this Prospectus are not indicative of the future 
performance of the Issuer's business or its future creditworthiness. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16th September, 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation) from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and 
such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary 
market. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such 
list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of 
the updated ESMA list. 
In addition, United Kingdom regulated investors are, in general, restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circunstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-United Kingdom credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an United Kingdom credit rating agency or the relevant non-United Kingdom 
registered credit rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, 
as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, United Kingdom regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating 
for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in United Kingdom regulated investors 
selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. 
Risks in Connection with the Amount of Financial Indebtedness which the Issuer May Incur in the Future 
There is no restriction on the amount of financial indebtedness which the Issuer may issue which ranks equal to the Notes. Such issuance 
of further debt may reduce the amount recoverable by the Holders upon winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer and may increase the 
likelihood that the Issuer defers payments of principal or interest under the Notes. 
Risks in Connection with a Decrease of the Creditworthiness of the Issuer 
If, for example, because of the materialisation of any of the risks regarding the Issuer, the Issuer is less likely to be in a position to fully 
perform all obligations under the Notes when they fall due, the market value of the Notes may suffer. In addition, even if the Issuer is 
not actually less likely to be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when they fall due, market participants could 
nevertheless have a different perception. If any of these risks occurs, third parties would only be willing to purchase Notes for a lower 
price than before the materialisation of the relevant risk. Under these circumstances, the market value of the Notes would decrease.

--- Page 26 ---
24 
 
 
A decrease of creditworthiness of the Issuer may also be related to changes in accounting standards. New or changed accounting 
standards may lead to adjustments in the relevant accounting positions of the Issuer. This might lead to a different perception of the 
market regarding the Issuer's creditworthiness. 
Holders Are Subject to General Taxation Risks as a Result of an Investment in the Notes 
Potential investors should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with 
the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or those of other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official 
statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for innovative financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential 
investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and 
redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. The 
aforementioned individual tax treatment of the Notes with regard to any potential investor may have an adverse impact on the return 
which any such potential investor may receive under the Notes. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue or the Offer May Conflict with Holder's Interests 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer in the ordinary course of business for which such Dealers have 
received or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, these Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank 
loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer. The Dealers and their affiliates may also receive allocations of the Notes issued under the Programme 
(subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments.

--- Page 27 ---
25 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Erste Abwicklungsanstalt with its registered office in Friedrichstraße 84, 40217 Düsseldorf, Germany accepts sole responsibility for 
the information contained in this Prospectus (including any information incorporated by reference herein) and for the information 
which will be contained in the Final Terms and confirms that (i) the German language translations of each of the sections entitled 
"Form of the Final Terms" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" correctly and adequately reflect the English language versions of 
each such section and (ii) the English language translations of the Annual Report 2020 of Erste Abwicklungsanstalt and the Annual 
Report 2021 of Erste Abwicklungsanstalt which are in part incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, correctly and adequately 
reflect the binding German language versions of each such report. Having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, Erste 
Abwicklungsanstalt confirms that the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge and belief, in accordance 
with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.

--- Page 28 ---
26 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global bearer note 
(the Temporary Global Note), without interest coupons, or a permanent global bearer note (the Permanent Global Note and, together 
with the Temporary Global Note, the Global Notes), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
which will be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date of the Tranche: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, to a (common) safekeeper for Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (CBL) and/or Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear); or 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, to Clearstream Banking AG (CBF and, together with CBL and 
Euroclear, the Clearing Systems and, each, a Clearing System) or a depositary or common depositary of the Clearing Systems. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor provision 
in substantially similar form (the TEFRA C Rules or TEFRA C) or United States Treasury Regulation § l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any 
successor provision in substantially similar form (the TEFRA D Rules or TEFRA D) are applicable in relation to the Notes or that 
neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. Each Tranche of Notes for which the relevant Final Terms specify 
TEFRA C will be represented by a TEFRA C Permanent Global Note and each Tranche of Notes for which the relevant Final Terms 
specify TEFRA D will initially be represented by a TEFRA D Temporary Global Note. 
TEFRA D Temporary Global Note exchangeable for TEFRA D Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of the Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note" 
and also specify that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without 
interest coupons, which will be exchangeable for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes (the Exchange Date) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts will be made under the Temporary Global Note prior to 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership having been received by the relevant Clearing System and such Clearing System 
having given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms against receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the certificates 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note. Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts 
on a Permanent Global Note will be made through the relevant Clearing System without any requirement for certification. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes applicable to any Global Note will be attached to such Global Note, all as more fully described 
in the section entitled "Issue Procedures". 
Legend concerning United States Persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes issued in accordance with TEFRA C or TEFRA D, any Global Note will bear a legend to the 
following effect: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF 
THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States Holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on a Note 
and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
such Note.

--- Page 29 ---
27 
 
 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes (the Conditions) will be constituted by combining the terms and 
conditions set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and the provisions of the Final Terms applicable to such 
Tranche of Notes as provided below: 
− 
The blanks/placeholders in the provisions of the terms and conditions set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes" which are applicable to the Notes, shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the relevant 
Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks/placeholders of such provisions. 
− 
Alternative or optional provisions of the terms and conditions set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
as to which the corresponding provisions in the relevant Final Terms are not completed or which are deleted or specified as 
being not applicable shall be deemed to be deleted from the terms and conditions set out in the section entitled "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" and shall not form part of the Conditions. 
− 
All provisions of the terms and conditions set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" which are 
inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be 
deleted from the terms and conditions set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and shall not form 
part of the Conditions. 
Each Global Note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche will have the relevant Final Terms and the terms and conditions set 
out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" attached thereto. 
Binding Language of the Conditions 
The binding language of the Conditions will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 30 ---
28 
 
 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
MUSTER DER ENDGÜLTIGEN BEDINGUNGEN 
[Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Debt 
Issuance Programme] 
 
[Produktüberwachung nach MiFID II / Ausschließlicher Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [eines jeden] [EU] Konzepteurs hat die Zielmarktbewertung 
in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich 
geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, wie jeweils in der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, 
MiFID II) definiert, sind [, die jeweils] [weitere Zielmarktkriterien festlegen], und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden geeignet sind. [etwaige negative Zielmärkte 
festlegen] Jede Person, die die Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein [EU] Vertreiber), sollte die 
Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] [EU] Konzepteur[s][e] berücksichtigen, wobei ein der MiFID II unterliegender [EU] Vertreiber jedoch 
dafür verantwortlich ist, eine eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen (entweder durch 
Übernahme oder Ausarbeitung der Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] [EU] Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete Vertriebskanäle festzulegen. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung [gilt] [gelten] [⚫] [,] [⚫] [und] [⚫] als [EU] Konzepteur[e].] 
[Produktüberwachung nach UK MiFIR / Ausschließlicher Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [eines jeden] UK Konzepteurs hat die Zielmarktbewertung 
in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich 
geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook definiert, und professionelle Kunden, wie in der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 (in der Gestalt, in der sie durch den European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 in das nationale Recht 
des Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, UK MiFIR) definiert, sind [, die jeweils] [weitere 
Zielmarktkriterien festlegen], und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden geeignet sind. [etwaige negative Zielmärkte festlegen] Jede Person, die die Schuldverschreibungen später 
anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein UK Vertreiber), sollte die Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] UK Konzepteur[s][e] berücksichtigen, 
wobei ein dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook unterliegender UK Vertreiber jedoch dafür 
verantwortlich ist, eine eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen (entweder durch Übernahme 
oder Ausarbeitung der Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] UK Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete Vertriebskanäle festzulegen. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung [gilt] [gelten] [⚫] [,] [⚫] [und] [⚫] als UK Konzepteur[e].] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients Only Target Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] Manufacturer['s][s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II) [, each having] [specify further target market criteria]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [specify negative target market, if 
applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes ([a] [an] [EU] Distributor) should take into 
consideration the [EU] Manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, [a] [an] [EU] Distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the [EU] 
Manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression [EU] Manufacturer[s] means [⚫] [,] [⚫] [and] [⚫].] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients Only Target Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] UK Manufacturer['s][s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 (as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) (as amended, UK MiFIR), only [, each having] 
[specify further target market criteria], and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [specify negative target market, if applicable] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a UK Distributor) should take into consideration the UK Manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a 
UK Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the UK Manufacturer['s][s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression UK Manufacturer[s] means [⚫] [,] [⚫] [and] [⚫].]

--- Page 31 ---
29 
 
 
[Datum einfügen] 
[insert date] 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
Final Terms 
[Bezeichnung der relevanten Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen einfügen] (die Schuldverschreibungen) 
[insert title of relevant Tranche of Notes] (the Notes) 
begeben aufgrund des 
issued pursuant to the 
Euro 20,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
von 
of 
ERSTE ABWICKLUNGSANSTALT 
Rechtsträgerkennung: 7TG4VWERK338227TR435 
Legal Entity Identifier: 7TG4VWERK338227TR435 
Gesamtnennbetrag: [⚫] 
Aggregate Principal Amount: [⚫] 
Ausgabepreis: [⚫] % 
Issue Price: [⚫] per cent. 
Tag der Begebung: [⚫]1 
Issue Date: [⚫] 
Serien-Nr.: [⚫] 
Series No.: [⚫] 
Tranchen-Nr.: [⚫] 
Tranche No.: [⚫] 
 
 
 
1 Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
The Issue Date is the date of issue and payment of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date.

--- Page 32 ---
30 
 
 
WICHTIGER HINWEIS 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
[Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen [wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8(5) in Verbindung mit Artikel 25(4) der Verordnung (EU) 
2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 in ihrer geänderten Fassung abgefasst und]2 enthalten 
Angaben zur Emission von Schuldverschreibungen unter dem Euro 20.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme (das Programm) der 
Ersten Abwicklungsanstalt (die Emittentin) und sind in Verbindung mit dem Debt Issuance Programme Prospekt vom 5. Mai 2023 
(der Prospekt) [(einschließlich des Nachtrags Nr. 1 vom [relevantes Datum einfügen] [[,][und] [des Nachtrags Nr. [⚫] vom 
[relevantes Datum einfügen] [,][und] [des Nachtrags Nr. [⚫] vom [relevantes Datum einfügen] [ggf. weitere Nachträge 
einfügen]])], der sich auf das Programm bezieht, zu lesen. Alle relevanten Informationen über die Emittentin und über die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der Zusammenschau dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen und des Prospekts erhältlich. Kopien des 
Prospekts sowie etwaiger Nachträge zum Prospekt [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an dem geregelten Markt einer 
Wertpapierbörse im EWR zum Handel zugelassen sind, einfügen: und dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen] werden in elektronischer 
Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-ErsteAbwicklung/13741) 
veröffentlicht werden, und Kopien des Prospekts sowie etwaiger Nachträge zum Prospekt sind kostenlos während der üblichen 
Geschäftszeiten am Sitz der Emittentin (Erste Abwicklungsanstalt, Friedrichstraße 84, 40217 Düsseldorf, Deutschland) erhältlich. 
These Final Terms [have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in connection with Article 25(4) of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14th June, 2017, as amended, and]2 give details of an issue of Notes 
under the Euro 20,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the Programme) of Erste Abwicklungsanstalt (the Issuer) and are to be 
read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 5th May, 2023 (the Prospectus) [(as supplemented by 
Supplement No. 1 dated [insert relevant date] [[,][and] [Supplement No. [⚫] dated [insert relevant date] [,][and] [Supplement No. [⚫] 
dated [insert relevant date] [if relevant, insert further supplements]])] and pertaining to the Programme. All relevant information on 
the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. Copies of the 
Prospectus and any supplements thereto [in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange 
in the EEA insert: and these Final Terms] will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-ErsteAbwicklung/13741) and copies of the Prospectus and any supplement thereto may be 
obtained free of charge during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer (Erste Abwicklungsanstalt, Friedrichstraße 
84, 40217 Düsseldorf, Germany).]3 
[Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen [wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8(5) in Verbindung mit Artikel 25(4) der Verordnung (EU) 
2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 in ihrer geänderten Fassung abgefasst und]4 enthalten 
Angaben zur Emission von Schuldverschreibungen unter dem Euro 20.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme (das Programm) der 
Ersten Abwicklungsanstalt (die Emittentin) und sind in Verbindung mit dem Debt Issuance Programme Prospekt vom 5. Mai 2023 
(der Prospekt) [(einschließlich des Nachtrags Nr. 1 vom [relevantes Datum einfügen] [[,][und] [des Nachtrags Nr. [⚫] vom 
[relevantes Datum einfügen] [,][und] [des Nachtrags Nr. [⚫] vom [relevantes Datum einfügen] [ggf. weitere Nachträge 
einfügen]])], der sich auf das Programm bezieht, sowie mit dem im Prospekt vom [7. Mai 2020] [7. Mai 2021] [5. Mai 2022 (in der 
Fassung des Nachtrags Nr. 2 vom 11. Januar 2023)] (der Original-Prospekt) enthaltenen Endgültigen Bedingungen (die Original-
Endgültigen Bedingungen) und den im Original-Prospekt enthaltenen Emissionsbedingungen (die Original-Emissionsbedingungen) 
(diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen als Anlage beigefügt) gelesen werden. Die in TEIL A nachfolgend aufgeführten 
Emissionsbedingungen sind insgesamt den Original-Endgültigen Bedingungen entnommen. Die Original-Emissionsbedingungen 
ersetzen insgesamt die im Prospekt enthaltenen Emissionsbedingungen. Begriffe, die in den Original-Emissionsbedingungen definiert 
sind, haben, falls die in diesem TEIL A nachfolgend aufgeführten Emissionsbedingungen nicht etwas anderes bestimmen, die gleiche 
Bedeutung, wenn sie in den in diesem TEIL A nachfolgend aufgeführten Emissionsbedingungen verwendet werden. Der Prospekt, der 
Original-Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge zum Prospekt und zum Original-Prospekt [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
dem geregelten Markt einer Wertpapierbörse im EWR zum Handel zugelassen sind, einfügen: und dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen] 
werden 
in 
elektronischer 
Form 
auf 
der 
Internetseite 
der 
Luxembourger 
Wertpapierbörse 
(www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-ErsteAbwicklung/13741) veröffentlicht werden, und Kopien des Prospekts, des Original-
Prospekts sowie etwaiger Nachträge zum Prospekt und zum Original-Prospekt sind kostenlos während der üblichen Geschäftszeiten 
am Sitz der Emittentin (Erste Abwicklungsanstalt, Friedrichstraße 84, 40217 Düsseldorf, Deutschland) erhältlich. Alle relevanten 
Informationen über die Emittentin und die Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der Zusammenschau des Prospekts, etwaiger Nachträge 
zum Prospekt, dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen (einschließlich der Anlage), des Original-Prospekts und etwaiger Nachträge zum 
Original-Prospekt erhältlich. 
These Final Terms [have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in connection with Article 25(4) of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14th June, 2017, as amended, and]2 give details of an issue of Notes 
under the Euro 20,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the Programme) of Erste Abwicklungsanstalt (the Issuer) and are to be 
read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 5th May, 2023 (the Prospectus) [(as supplemented by 
Supplement No. 1 dated [insert relevant date] [[,][and] [Supplement No. [⚫] dated [insert relevant date]] [,][and] [Supplement No. [⚫] 
dated [insert relevant date] [if relevant, insert further supplements])] and pertaining to the Programme, the Final Terms (the Original 
 
2 Nicht anwendbar bei Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einem geregelten Markt zum Handel zugelassen werden. 
Not applicable in case of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
3 Nur verwenden, wenn es sich bei relevanten Emission nicht um die Aufstockung einer Emission handelt, die in Verbindung mit einem vor dem aktuellen Prospekt verwendeten Prospekt 
begeben wurde. 
Use only if this issue increases an issue which was not issued under the Prospectus used prior to the relevant Prospectus. 
4 Nicht anwendbar bei Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einem geregelten Markt zum Handel zugelassen werden. 
Not applicable in case of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 33 ---
31 
 
 
Final Terms) set forth in the Prospectus dated [7th May, 2020] [7th May, 2021] [5th May, 2022 (as supplemented by Supplement No. 
2 dated 11th January, 2023)] (the Original Prospectus) and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the Original Terms and 
Conditions) (scheduled to these Final Terms) set forth in the Original Prospectus. The Terms and Conditions set out in PART A below 
have been extracted in whole from the Original Final Terms. The Original Terms and Conditions will replace the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set out in the Prospectus in whole. Capitalised terms used in the Terms and Conditions set out in PART A below but not 
otherwise defined therein shall have the meanings specified in the Original Terms and Conditions when used in the Terms and 
Conditions set out in PART A below. The Prospectus, the Original Prospectus and any supplements to the Prospectus and the Original 
Prospectus [in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange in the EEA insert: and these 
Final 
Terms] 
will 
be 
published 
in 
electronic 
form 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-ErsteAbwicklung/13741) and copies of the Prospectus, the Original Prospectus and any 
supplement to the Prospectus and the Original Prospectus may be obtained free of charge during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer (Erste Abwicklungsanstalt, Friedrichstraße 84, 40217 Düsseldorf, Germany). All relevant information 
on the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplements thereto, these Final 
Terms (including the Schedule hereto), the Original Prospectus and any supplements thereto.]5 
Die auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Emissionsbedingungen (die Bedingungen) ergeben sich wie nachfolgend dargestellt 
in der Zusammenschau der folgenden endgültigen Bedingungen (die Endgültigen Bedingungen) und der im [Prospekt] [Original-
Prospekt] enthaltenen [Emissionsbedingungen] [Original-Emissionsbedingungen]. Bezugnahmen in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der im [Prospekt] [Original-Prospekt] enthaltenen 
[Emissionsbedingungen] [Original-Emissionsbedingungen]. Begriffe, die in den im [Prospekt] [Original-Prospekt] enthaltenen 
[Emissionsbedingungen] [Original-Emissionsbedingungen] definiert sind, haben, falls diese Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht etwas 
anderes bestimmen, die gleiche Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
The terms and conditions applicable to the Notes (the Conditions) will be constituted by combining the following final terms (the Final 
Terms) and the [Terms and Conditions of the Notes] [Original Terms and Conditions] set out in the [Prospectus] [Original Prospectus]. 
All references in these Final Terms to numbered sections and paragraphs are to sections and paragraphs of the [Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes] [Original Terms and Conditions] set out in the [Prospectus] [Original Prospectus]. Capitalised terms used in these Final 
Terms but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the [Terms and Conditions of the Notes] [Original Terms 
and Conditions] set out in the [Prospectus] [Original Prospectus]. 
Die Leerstellen/Platzhalter in den im [Prospekt] [Original-Prospekt] enthaltenen [Emissionsbedingungen] [Original-
Emissionsbedingungen], die auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, gelten als durch die in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben vervollständigt, so als ob die Leerstellen/Platzhalter in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt wären. 
The blanks/placeholders in the [Terms and Conditions of the Notes] [Original Terms and Conditions] set out in the Prospectus which 
are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in these Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in the blanks/placeholders of such provisions. 
Alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen der im [Prospekt] [Original-Prospekt] enthaltenen [Emissionsbedingungen] [Original-
Emissionsbedingungen], deren entsprechende Bestimmungen in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht vervollständigt oder die 
gestrichen bzw. als nicht anwendbar bezeichnet wurden, gelten als aus den im [Prospekt] [Original-Prospekt] enthaltenen 
[Emissionsbedingungen] [Original-Emissionsbedingungen] gestrichen und sind nicht Bestandteil der Bedingungen. 
Alternative or optional provisions of the [Terms and Conditions of the Notes] [Original Terms and Conditions] set out in the 
[Prospectus] [Original Prospectus] as to which the corresponding provisions in these Final Terms are not completed or which are 
deleted or specified as being not applicable shall be deemed to be deleted from the [Terms and Conditions of the Notes] [Original 
Terms and Conditions] set out in the [Prospectus] [Original Prospectus] and shall not form part of the Conditions. 
Sämtliche 
Bestimmungen 
der 
im 
[Prospekt] 
[Original-Prospekt] 
enthaltenen 
[Emissionsbedingungen] 
[Original-
Emissionsbedingungen], die auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht anwendbar sind (einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und 
der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus den im [Prospekt] [Original-Prospekt] enthaltenen [Emissionsbedingungen] [Original-
Emissionsbedingungen] gestrichen und sind nicht Bestandteil der Bedingungen. 
All provisions of the [Terms and Conditions of the Notes] [Original Terms and Conditions] set out in the [Prospectus] [Original 
Prospectus] which are inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the [Terms and Conditions of the Notes] [Original Terms and Conditions] set out in the [Prospectus] 
[Original Prospectus] and shall not form part of the Conditions. 
 
 
 
5 Nur zu verwenden, wenn es sich bei der relevanten Emission um die Aufstockung einer Emission handelt, die unter dem Prospekt vom 7. Mai 2020 vom 7. Mai 2021 oder vom 5. Mai 
2022 begeben wurde. 
Use only if this issue increases an issue which was issued under the Prospectus dated 7th May, 2020, 7th May, 2021 or 5th May, 2022.

--- Page 34 ---
32 
 
 
TEIL A – VERTRAGLICHE BEDINGUNGEN 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, GLOBALURKUNDE[N], CLEARINGSYSTEM, GESCHÄFTSTAG (§ 1) 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, GLOBAL NOTE[S], CLEARING SYSTEM, BUSINESS DAY (§ 1) 
Währung und Stückelung 
Currency and Denomination 
 
Festgelegte Währung 
[⚫] 
Specified Currency 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[⚫] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
[⚫] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
[⚫] 
Specified Denomination 
 
Form der Globalurkunde[n] 
 
Form of the Global Note[s] 
 
 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
Permanent Global Note 
 
 Classical Global Note (CGN) 
 
 New Global Note (NGN) 
 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
 
 Classical Global Note (CGN) 
 
 New Global Note (NGN) 
 
Clearingsystem 
 
Clearing System 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
 
 
[zusammen mit 
together with 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV] 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
 
Verwahrung der Globalurkunde[n] im NGN-Format durch die gemeinsame 
Verwahrstelle (common safekeeper) für beide ICSDs6  
Global Note[s] in NGN form to be kept in custody by the common safekeeper 
on behalf of both ICSDs 
 
 
Verwahrung der Globalurkunde[n] im CGN-Format durch die gemeinsame 
Verwahrstelle (common depositary) für beide ICSDs7  
Global Note[s] in CGN form to be kept in custody by the common depositary 
on behalf of both ICSDs 
 
Geschäftstag 
 
Business Day 
 
 
Relevante[s] [Finanzzentrum] [Finanzzentren] 
Relevant Financial Centre[s] 
[⚫] 
 
T2 
T2 
 
 
6  Nicht auszufüllen, wenn Clearstream Banking AG das ausschließliche Clearingsystem ist. 
Not to be completed if Clearstream Banking AG is the sole Clearing System. 
7  Nicht auszufüllen, wenn Clearstream Banking AG das ausschließliche Clearingsystem ist. 
Not to be completed if Clearstream Banking AG is the sole Clearing System.

--- Page 35 ---
33 
 
 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
Fixed Rate Notes 
[Zinssatz [und Zinszahlungstage] 
Rate of Interest [and Interest Payment Dates] 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren Zinssatz sich nicht ändert 
Notes whose rate of interest does not change 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[⚫] 
Interest Commencement Date 
 
Zinssatz 
[⚫] % per annum 
Rate of Interest 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
[Zinszahlungstage 
[⚫] Die Zinsen sind [halbjährlich] 
[jährlich] nachträglich am [⚫] [und am 
[⚫]] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar.]8 
[Interest Payment Dates 
[⚫] Interest shall be payable [semi-
annually] [annually] in arrear on [⚫] 
[and on [⚫]] in each year.] 
[Erster Zinszahlungstag9 
[⚫] 
First Interest Payment Date] 
 
[Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für die festgelegte Stückelung)10 
Initial Broken Amount (in respect of the Specified Denomination)] 
[⚫] 
[Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht11 
[⚫] 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date] 
 
[Abschließender 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
(für 
die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung) 12 
Final Broken Amount (in respect of the Specified Denomination)] 
[⚫] 
 
Stufenzinsschuldverschreibungen 
Step-up or Step-down Notes 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[⚫] 
Interest Commencement Date 
 
Zinsperioden und Zinssätze 
vom 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
(ausschließlich) 
mit 
[Zinssatz einfügen] % per annum 
[weitere Zinsperioden und Zinssätze 
einfügen] 
Interest Periods and Rates of Interest 
from, and including, [insert date] to, 
but excluding, [insert date] [insert Rate 
of Interest] per cent. per annum [insert 
further Interest Periods and Rates of 
Interest] 
Zinszahlungstage 
[⚫] Die Zinsen sind [halbjährlich] 
[jährlich] nachträglich zahlbar. 
Interest Payment Dates 
[⚫] Interest shall be payable [semi-
annually] [annually] in arrear. 
 
8 Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von mehr als Null Prozent verzinst werden, einfügen. 
Insert in case of Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of more than zero per cent. 
9 Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von mehr als Null Prozent verzinst werden, einfügen. 
Insert in case of Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of more than zero per cent. 
10 Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von mehr als Null Prozent verzinst werden, einfügen. 
Insert in case of Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of more than zero per cent. 
11 Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von mehr als Null Prozent verzinst werden, einfügen. 
Insert in case of Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of more than zero per cent. 
12 Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von mehr als Null Prozent verzinst werden, einfügen. 
Insert in case of Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of more than zero per cent.

--- Page 36 ---
34 
 
 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[⚫] 
First Interest Payment Date 
 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für die festgelegte Stückelung)  
Initial Broken Amount (in respect of the Specified Denomination) 
[⚫] 
Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
[⚫] 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date 
 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für die festgelegte Stückelung) 
Final Broken Amount (in respect of the Specified Denomination)] 
[⚫] 
 
[Umgekehrt variabel] [Variabel] verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
[Inverse] Floating Rate Notes 
[Zinszahlungstage 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[⚫] 
Interest Commencement Date 
 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[⚫] 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperioden 
[relevante Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] 
[Monate] [andere festgelegte Zinspe-
riode einfügen] 
Specified Interest Periods 
[insert 
relevant 
number] 
[weeks] 
[months] [insert other specified Interest 
Period] 
Zinssatz 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Fester Zinssatz im Fall von umgekehrt variabel verzinslichen Schuld-
verschreibungen 
Fixed Rate of Interest in the case of Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
[⚫] % 
 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibung[en], deren 
Referenz(zins)satz nicht EuroSTR oder SOFR ist  
Floating Rate Note[s], whose Reference (Interest) Rate is other than 
EuroSTR or SOFR  
 
 
Interpolation anwendbar 
 
Interpolation applicable 
 
[kurze] [lange] [erste] [letzte] Zinsperiode 
Ja 
[short] [long] [first] [last] Interest Period 
Yes 
Referenzzinssätze 
 
Reference Interest Rates 
 
erster Referenzzinssatz 
[ersten relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich Laufzeit) einfügen]  
first Reference Interest Rate 
[insert first relevant reference interest 
rate (including its term)] 
zweiter Referenzzinssatz 
[zweiten relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich Laufzeit) einfügen]  
second Reference Interest Rate 
[insert relevant reference interest rate 
(including its term)] 
Referenzzinssatz, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, auf 
die Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist 
[relevanten Referenzzinssatz (ein-
schließlich Laufzeit) einfügen]  
Reference Interest Rate which shall apply to all Interest 
Periods to which interpolation shall not apply 
[insert relevant reference interest rate 
(including its term)]

--- Page 37 ---
35 
 
 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit 
einfügen] Uhr [Brüsseler] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit 
Time 
[11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] 
[Brussels] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
financial centre] time 
 
Interpolation nicht anwendbar 
 
Interpolation not applicable 
 
Referenzzinssatz 
[relevanten 
Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich Laufzeit) einfügen] 
Reference Interest Rate 
[insert relevant reference interest rate 
(including its term)] 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit 
einfügen] Uhr [Brüsseler] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit 
Time 
[11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] 
[Brussels] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
financial centre] time 
Feststellungstag 
[erster] [zweiter] [andere relevante 
Zahl einfügen] [Tag] [Geschäftstag] 
[vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode 
Determination Day 
[first] [second] [insert other relevant 
number] [day] [Business Day] [prior to 
the [commencement] [end]] of the 
relevant Interest Period 
Geschäftstag 
[wie in § 1 definiert] [T2] [sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
Business Day 
[as defined in § 1] [T2] [insert all 
relevant financial centres] 
 
unveränderliche Marge  
invariable Margin 
 
zuzüglich 
plus 
[⚫] % per annum 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[⚫] % per annum 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
veränderliche Marge  
variable Margin 
Zinsperiode[n] und Marge[n] 
vom 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
[Datum 
einfügen] (ausschließlich) [zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] [Marge einfügen] % per 
annum [weitere Zinsperioden und 
Margen einfügen] 
Interest Period[s] and Margin[s] 
from, and including, [insert date] to, 
but excluding, [insert date] [plus] 
[minus] [insert Margin] per cent. per 
annum [insert further Interest Periods 
and Margins] 
Bildschirmseite 
[relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen]  
Screen page 
[insert relevant Screen Page]  
 
variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen, deren Referenzzinssatz 
EuroSTR ist 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes whose Reference Interest Rate is EuroSTR

--- Page 38 ---
36 
 
 
Compounded EuroSTR 
bezeichnet 
[Compounded 
EuroSTR 
Index] [Compounded Daily EuroSTR] 
Compounded EuroSTR 
means [Compounded EuroSTR Index] 
[Compounded Daily EuroSTR] 
[Falls Compounded EuroSTR Index anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
 
In case Compounded EuroSTR Index is applicable, insert: 
 
EuroSTR IndexEnd 
[fünf] 
[andere 
Anzahl 
an 
T2 
Geschäftstagen einfügen (wobei es sich 
um 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
fünf 
T2 
Geschäftstagen handeln darf)] T2 
Geschäftstage 
EuroSTR IndexEnd 
[five] [insert other number of T2 
Business Days (which may not be less 
than five T2 Business Days)] T2 
Business Days 
EuroSTR IndexStart 
[fünf] 
[andere 
Anzahl 
an 
T2 
Geschäftstagen einfügen (wobei es sich 
um 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
fünf 
T2 
Geschäftstagen handeln darf)] T2 
Geschäftstage 
EuroSTR IndexStart 
[five] [insert other number of T2 
Business Days (which may not be less 
than five T2 Business Days)] T2 
Business Days] 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
[fünf] 
[andere 
Anzahl 
an 
T2 
Geschäftstagen einfügen (wobei es sich 
um 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
fünf 
T2 
Geschäftstagen handeln darf)] T2 
Geschäftstage 
Observation Period 
[five] [insert other number of T2 
Business Days (which may not be less 
than five T2 Business Days)] T2 
Business Days 
Marge 
[⚫] % per annum 
Margin 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
 zuzüglich (Summe) (nicht täglich auflaufend, sondern am 
Feststellungstag hinzuaddiert) 
plus (sum) (not compounded daily but added on the Determination 
Day) 
 
 
 abzüglich (Differenz) (nicht täglich abgezogen, sondern am 
Feststellungstag abgezogen) 
minus (difference) (not deducted daily but deducted on the 
Determination Day) 
 
  
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
deren 
 
Referenzzinssatz SOFR ist 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes whose Reference (Interest) Rate is SOFR 
 
Compounded SOFR 
bezeichnet [Compounded SOFR Index] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR] 
Compounded SOFR 
means 
[Compounded 
SOFR 
Index] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[Falls Compounded SOFR Index anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
 
In case Compounded SOFR Index is applicable, insert: 
 
SOFR IndexEnd 
[fünf] 
[andere 
Anzahl 
an 
Geschäftstagen für US-Staatsanleihen 
einfügen (wobei es sich um nicht 
weniger als fünf Geschäftstage für US-

--- Page 39 ---
37 
 
 
Staatsanleihen 
handeln 
darf)] 
Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen 
SOFR IndexEnd 
[five] [insert other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
(which may not be less than five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days)] 
U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days 
SOFR IndexStart 
[fünf] 
[andere 
Anzahl 
an 
Geschäftstagen für US-Staatsanleihen 
einfügen (wobei es sich um nicht 
weniger als fünf Geschäftstage für US-
Staatsanleihen 
handeln 
darf)] 
Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen 
SOFR IndexStart 
[five] [insert other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
(which may not be less than five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days)] 
U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days] 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
[fünf] 
[andere 
Anzahl 
an 
Geschäftstagen für US-Staatsanleihen 
einfügen (wobei es sich um nicht 
weniger als fünf Geschäftstage für US-
Staatsanleihen 
handeln 
darf)] 
Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen 
Observation Period 
[five] [insert other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
(which may not be less than five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days)] 
U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days 
Marge 
[⚫] % per annum 
Margin 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
 zuzüglich (Summe) (nicht täglich auflaufend, sondern am 
Feststellungstag hinzuaddiert) 
plus (sum) (not compounded daily but added on the Determination 
Day) 
 
 
abzüglich (Differenz) (nicht täglich abgezogen, sondern am 
Feststellungstag abgezogen) 
minus (difference) (not deducted daily but deducted on the 
Determination Day)] 
 
Mindest- und Höchtstzinssatz  
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
[Not applicable] 
 
Mindestzinssatz13 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[⚫] % per annum 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
Höchstzinssatz 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[⚫] % per annum 
[⚫] per cent. per annum] 
Ersatzreferenzzinsatz14 
 
Rate Replacement 
 
Geschäftstag (an dem Mitteilung gegenüber der Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen muss) 
[(wie in § 1 ([7]) definiert)] [(wie in 
§ 3 (2) definiert)] 
 
13  Falls die EZB-Fähigkeit der Schuldverschreibungen angestrebt wird, sollte die anwendbare Leitlinie der EZB über die Umsetzung des geldpolitischen Handlungsrahmens des 
Eurosystems hinsichtlich etwaiger Anforderungen an die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen geprüft werden. 
If the Notes are intended to be Eurosystem eligible, the applicable Guideline of the ECB on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework should be checked with 
regard to any requirements relating to the interest rate structure of the Notes. 
14  Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Referenzzinssatz nicht EuroSTR oder SOFR ist, einfügen. 
To be inserted only in case of Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Interest Rate is other than EuroSTR or SOFR.

--- Page 40 ---
38 
 
 
Business Day (on which the Calculation Agent must be notified) 
[(as defined in § 1 ([7]))] [(as defined 
in § 3 (2))]] 
 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
Zero Coupon Notes 
 
Zinstagequotient15 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)16 
 
[Feststellungstermin[e]17 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr 
einfügen] (jeder [Datum bzw. Daten 
des Feststellungstermins bzw. der 
Feststellungstermine einfügen]) 
Determination Date[s] 
[insert number of regular interest 
payment dates per calendar year] 
(each 
[insert 
date(s) 
of 
the 
Determination Date(s)])] 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 oder/or 360/360 oder/or Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 oder/or Eurobond Basis 
 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
 
Zahltag 
 
Payment Business Day 
 
 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 definiert) 
Business Day (as defined in § 1) 
 
 
Relevante[s] [Finanzzentrum] [Finanzzentren]  
Relevant Financial Centre[s] 
[⚫] 
 
T2 
T2 
 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention18 
[relevante Zahl einfügen] [Monate] 
[andere 
festgelegte 
Zinsperiode 
einfügen] 
Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention 
[insert relevant number] [months] 
[insert other specified Interest Period] 
 
Following Business Day Convention19 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
 
15 Für alle Schuldverschreibungen (mit Ausnahme von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden) auszufüllen. 
To be completed for all Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of zero per cent.). 
16  Nur im Fall von fest- oder variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
To be inserted only in case of Fixed or Floating Rate Notes. 
17 Einzusetzen sind die regulären Zinszahlungstage, wobei im Falle einer langen oder kurzen ersten bzw. letzten Zinsperiode der Tag der Begebung bzw. der Fälligkeitstag nicht zu 
berücksichtigen sind. 
Insert regular interest payment dates ignoring issue date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last interest period. 
18 Nicht auszufüllen für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen und Nullkupon-Schuldveschreibungen. 
Not to be completed for Fixed Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes. 
19 Nicht auszufüllen für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, und Nullkupon-Schuldveschreibungen. 
Not to be completed for Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of zero per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
39 
 
 
Anpassung des Zinsbetrags20 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Adjustment of Amount of Interest 
[Not applicable] 
 
Angepasst 
Adjusted 
 
 
Nicht angepasst 
Unadjusted 
 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
 
Fälligkeitstag 
Maturity Date 
[⚫] 
 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
Redemption Month 
[⚫] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
Nennbetrag 
Principal Amount 
 
 
Festgelegter Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Sonstigen Rückzahlungsbetrag für 
die festgelegte Stückelung einfügen, 
der 
nicht 
niedriger 
als 
der 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung sein darf]  
Specified Final Redemption Amount 
[insert other Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Specified Denomination, 
which shall not be less than the 
principal amount of the Note] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation 
[Yes] [No] 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[30 
Tage] 
[andere 
Mindestkün-
digungsfrist einfügen] 
Minimum Notice Period 
[30 days] [insert other Minimum 
Notice Period] 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[60 
Tage] 
[andere 
Höchstkün-
digungsfrist einfügen] 
Maximum Notice Period 
[60 days] [insert other Maximum 
Notice Period]] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[Yes] [No] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträge] (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[30 
Tage] 
[andere 
Mindestkün-
digungsfrist einfügen, die im Fall von 
Inhaberschuldverschreibungen 
nie 
weniger als 5 Tage betragen darf] 
Minimum Notice Period 
[30 days] [insert other Minimum 
Notice Period which in the case of 
Bearer Notes shall never be less than 5 
days] 
 
20 Nur im Fall von fest- oder variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen (mit Ausnahme von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null Prozent 
verzinst werden) einfügen. 
To be inserted only in case of Fixed or Floating Rate Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of zero per cent.).

--- Page 42 ---
40 
 
 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[60 
Tage] 
[andere 
Höchstkün-
digungsfrist einfügen] 
Maximum Notice Period 
[60 days] [insert other Maximum 
Notice Period] 
Mindestkündigungsfrist (Emissionsstelle) 
[15 
Tage] 
[andere 
Mindestkün-
digungsfrist einfügen] 
Minimum Notice Period (Fiscal Agent) 
[15 days] [insert other Minimum 
Notice Period] 
Mindestfrist für Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
[⚫] 
Minimum Period for Call Redemption Date  
 
Höchstfrist für Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
[⚫]] 
Maximum Period for Call Redemption Date 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
[Yes] [No] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Put) 
[⚫] 
Put Redemption Date[s] 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträge] (Put) 
[⚫] 
Put Redemption Amount[s] 
 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[30 
Tage] 
[andere 
Mindestkün-
digungsfrist einfügen, die nie weniger 
als 15 Tage betragen darf] 
Minimum Notice Period 
[30 days] [insert other Minimum 
Notice Period, which shall never be 
less than 15 days] 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[60 
Tage] 
[andere 
Höchstkün-
digungsfrist einfügen] 
Maximum Notice Period 
[60 days] [insert other Maximum 
Notice Period]] 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Not applicable] 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die keine Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind 
Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes 
 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
Sonstiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Other Redemption Amount 
[Sonstigen Rückzahlungsbetrag für 
die festgelegte Stückelung einfügen, 
der 
nicht 
niedriger 
als 
der 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung sein darf] 
[insert other Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Specified Denomination, 
which shall not be less than the 
principal amount of the Note]  
 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
Zero Coupon Notes 
 
Referenzbetrag 
[⚫] 
Reference Amount 
 
Emissionsrendite 
[⚫] 
Amortisation Yield 
 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [UND] [,] [DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] [UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
FISCAL AGENT [AND] [,] [PAYING AGENT[S]] [AND CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6) 
 
Zusätzliche Zahlstelle[n] und deren bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n]  
Additional paying agent[s] and [its] [their] specified office[s] 
[⚫]

--- Page 43 ---
41 
 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
Calculation Agent and its specified office 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland/Germany 
 
 
Sonstige  
 
Other 
[⚫] 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 12) 
 
NOTICES (§ 12) 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an einem geregelten Markt einer 
Wertpapierbörse notiert werden 
Notes listed on the regulated market of a stock exchange  
 
 Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.luxse.com) 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einem geregelten Markt einer 
Wertpapierbörse notiert werden 
Notes not listed on the regulated market of a stock exchange 
 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 13)21 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, JOINT REPRESENTATIVE (§ 13) 
 
Anwendbar 
Applicable  
 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
Not applicable  
 
[Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger 
Appointment of a Joint Representative of the Holders 
 
 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger 
by majority resolution of the Holders  
 
 
in den Bedingungen 
[den Namen und die Anschrift 
einfügen] 
in the Conditions 
[insert name and address]] 
SPRACHE DER BEDINGUNGEN (§ [15])22 
 
LANGUAGE OF THE CONDITIONS (§ [15]) 
 
 
ausschließlich Deutsch 
German only 
 
 
ausschließlich Englisch 
English only 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
German and English (German language binding) 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
German and English (English language binding) 
 
 
 
 
21 Nur auszufüllen falls die Bestimmungen des Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes Anwendung finden sollen. 
To be completed only if the provisions of the German Act on Debt Securities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) shall apply. 
22 In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer.

--- Page 44 ---
42 
 
 
TEIL B – ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
A. GRUNDLEGENDE ANGABEN 
 
A. ESSENTIAL INFORMATION 
 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher oder juristischer Personen, die an der Emission bzw. dem Angebot beteiligt sind  
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue or the Offering 
 
[[Mit Ausnahme [der an [den] [die] Manager zu zahlenden [Gebühren] [Provisionen] [des] [der] wirtschaftlichen 
[Interesses] [Interessen] [des Managers] [der Manager]] [des von [relevanten Namen einfügen] mit der Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen eingegangenen [Swapvertrags] [Derivatevertrags]] haben die] [Die] an 
der Emission bzw. dem Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen beteiligten Personen [haben] – soweit die Emittentin hiervon 
Kenntnis hat – kein materielles Interesse an der Emission bzw. dem Angebot.] [Einzelheiten angeben, einschließlich 
Interessenkonflikten, die für die Emission der Schuldverschreibungen wesentlich ist, unter Angabe der 
betreffenden Personen und der Art der Interessen] 
[[Save for [the [fees] [commissions] [and] [concessions] payable to the Manager[s]] [the commercial interest[s] of the 
Manager[s]] [the [swap] [derivatives] agreement [insert relevant name] and the Issuer have entered into with regard to 
the Notes], so] [So] far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue or offering of the Notes has an interest 
material to the issue or the offering.] [specify details, including any conflict of interest that is material to the issue of 
the Notes, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest] 
 
Andere Interessen  
[⚫]  
Other interests 
 
 
Keine 
 
None 
 
Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse und die geschätzten Nettoerlöse23 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Use of Proceeds and Estimated Net Proceeds 
[specify details] 
Geschätzter Nettoerlös [([einschließlich aufgelaufener Zinsen in Höhe von [⚫] [, 
aber]] [ausschließlich [Provisionen] [der geschätzten Gesamtkosten der Zulassung 
zum Handel])] 
[⚫] 
Estimated Net Proceeds [([including accrued interest in the amount of [⚫] [, but]] 
[excluding [Commissions and Concessions] [the estimated total expenses relating to 
admission to trading])] 
 
B. ANGABEN ZU DEN ZUM HANDEL ZUZULASSENDEN SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
B. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
 
Security Identification Codes 
 
 
ISIN  
[⚫] 
ISIN  
 
 
Common Code 
[⚫] 
Common Code  
 
 
Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
[⚫] 
German Security Code 
 
 
CFI 
[⚫] 
CFI 
 
 
FISN 
[⚫] 
FISN 
 
 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
[⚫] 
Any Other Security Code 
 
 
23 Siehe den Abschnitt mit der Überschrift "Use of Proceeds" im Prospekt. Falls der Nettoerlös nicht für die im Prospekt in dem Abschnitt mit der Überschrift "Use of Proceeds" 
angegebenen Zwecke verwendet werden soll, sind die Gründe für die Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen einzufügen.  
See the section entitled "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus. If the net proceeds shall not be applied for the purposes set out in the Prospectus in the section entitled "Use of Proceeds" 
insert the reasons for the issue of the Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
43 
 
 
Emissionsrendite im Fall von Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit24 
[Nicht anwendbar] [[⚫] % per 
annum] 
Issue Yield in Case of Redemption at Final Maturity 
[Not applicable] [[⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
Vertretung der Gläubiger unter Angabe der die Gläubiger vertretenden Organisation und 
der für diese Vertretung geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe der Internetseite, auf der die 
Gläubiger die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen regeln, kostenlos einsehen 
können25 
[Nicht anwendbar] [⚫] 
Representation of the Holders including an identification of the organisation representing 
the Holders and provisions applying to such representation. Indication of the website 
where the Holders may have free access to the contracts relating to these forms of 
representation. 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Billigungen, aufgrund deren die Schuldverschreibungen 
geschaffen und/oder emittiert werden 
[Die Ermächtigung zur Emission der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgte 
gemäß Beschluss des Vorstands vom 
[⚫].] [Einzelheiten angeben] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the Notes will be created 
and/or issued 
[The 
issue 
of 
the 
Notes 
was 
authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Management of the Issuer 
dated [⚫].] [specify details] 
Sofern Anbieter und Emittentin nicht identisch sind, Angabe der Identität und der 
Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der Schuldverschreibungen und/oder der die Zulassung zum 
Handel beantragenden Person einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), wenn 
vorhanden, falls der Anbieter eine Rechtspersönlichkeit hat. 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
If different from the Issuer, the identity and contact details of the offeror of the Notes and/or 
the person asking for admission to trading, including the legal entity identifier (LEI), if 
any, where the offeror has legal personality 
[specify details] 
C. ZULASSUNG[EN] ZUM HANDEL UND HANDELSMODALITÄTEN 
C. ADMISSION[S] TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS 
Zulassung[en] zum Handel 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Admission[s] to Trading 
[Yes] [No] 
 
Geregelter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
Professional Segment 
Professional Segment 
 
 
Regulierter Markt der Wertpapierbörse Düsseldorf 
Regulated Market of the Stock Exchange Düsseldorf 
 
 
Sonstige 
Other 
 
[Erwartete[r]] Termin[e] der Zulassung[en] 
[⚫]  
[Expected] Date[s] of Admission[s] 
 
D. KOSTEN DER ZULASSUNG[EN] ZUM HANDEL 
D. EXPENSES OF THE ADMISSION[S] TO TRADING 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Zulassung[en] zum Handel 
[⚫] 
Estimate of total expenses relating to admission[s] to trading 
 
E. WEITERE ANGABEN 
E. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
Method of Distribution 
 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
Non-Syndicated 
 
 
24 Nur im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
25 Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass gemäß § 13 der Emissionsbedingungen ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. 
Specify further details in case a Joint Representative will be appointed pursuant to § 13 of the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 46 ---
44 
 
 
 
Syndiziert  
 
Syndicated  
 
Einzelheiten bezüglich [des Managers] [der Manager] 
 
Details with regard to the Manager[s] 
 
Manager 
[Namen 
und 
Adresse(n) 
des 
Managers 
bzw. 
der 
Manager 
angeben]  
Manager[s] 
[specify name(s) and address[es] of 
the Manager(s)] 
Kursstabilisierender Manager 
[Namen 
und 
Adresse 
des 
kursstabilisierenden 
Managers 
angeben] [Keiner] 
Stabilisation Manager 
[specify name and address of 
Stabilisation Manager] [None] 
Rating[s]26 
 
Rating[s] 
 
[[Die Schuldverschreibungen haben] [Es wird erwartet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen] [das folgende Rating] [die folgenden Ratings] [haben] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [⚫] 
[The Notes have been] [It is expected that the Notes will be] rated as follows: 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
[Es ist eine kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutungen der Ratings, wenn diese 
vorher von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurden, einzufügen] 
[A brief explanation of the meanings of the ratings has to be inserted if these 
have been previously published by the rating provider.] 
Registrierung des Administrators gemäß der Benchmark-Verordnung27 
 
Registration of the Administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation 
 
Benchmark 
[Namen der Benchmark einfügen] 
Benchmark 
[insert name of the Benchmark] 
Administrator der Benchmark 
[Namen 
des 
Administrators 
einfügen] 
Benchmark Administrator 
[insert name of the Administrator] 
Eintragung des Benchmark-Administrators in das von der Europäischen Wertpapier- 
und Marktaufsichtsbehörde gemäß Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 8. Juni 2016 über Indizes, die bei 
Finanzinstrumenten und Finanzkontrakten als Referenzwert oder zur Messung der 
Wertentwicklung eines Investmentfonds verwendet werden, und zur Änderung der 
Richtlinien 2008/48/EG und 2014/17/EU sowie der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 596/2014 
(die Benchmark-Verordnung) erstellte und geführte Register der Administratoren 
[Zutreffend] [Nicht zutreffend] [Nach 
Kenntnis 
der 
Emittentin 
[fällt 
[Benchmark einfügen] aufgrund von 
Artikel 2 der Benchmark-Verordnung 
nicht in den Anwendungsbereich der 
Benchmark-Verordnung] [gelten die 
Übergangsbestimmungen 
nach 
Artikel 51 
der 
Benchmark-
Verordnung], weshalb für [Namen 
des 
Administrators 
einfügen] 
derzeit keine [einfügen, wenn der 
betreffende 
Administrator 
innerhalb des EWR ansässig ist: 
Zulassungs- 
oder 
Registrierungspflicht] 
[einfügen, 
wenn 
der 
betreffende 
Administrator außerhalb des EWR 
ansässig 
ist: 
Anerkennungs-, 
Übernahme- 
oder 
Gleichwertigkeitspflicht] besteht.] 
 
26 Falls die Schuldverschreibungen unabhängig vom Programm Ratings erhalten haben, sind diese Ratings einzufügen. Einzelheiten darüber einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur 
ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Union hat und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen in 
ihrer geänderten Fassung, registriert ist (gemäß dem aktuellen Verzeichnis der registrierten Ratingagenturen, das auf der Internetseite der Europäischen Wertpapier- und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde (www.esma.europa.eu) veröffentlicht ist) oder die Registrierung beantragt hat. 
 
If the Notes have been rated independently of the Programme insert such ratings. Insert details on whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is 
registered (pursuant to the current list of registered and certified credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(www.esma.europa.eu)) pursuant to Regulation (EC) no 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended or 
has applied for registration. 
27  Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen, deren Zinssatz an eine Benchmark gebunden ist, deren Administrator nicht in dem Prospekt genannt wurde. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes, whose rate of interest references a benchmark, the administrator of which has not been disclosed in the Prospectus.

--- Page 47 ---
45 
 
 
Registration of the Benchmark Administrator in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8th June, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Benchmarks Regulation) 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, [[insert 
benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmarks Regulation 
by virtue of Article 2 of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation] 
[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation apply], 
such 
that 
[insert 
name 
of 
Administrator] 
is 
not 
currently 
required to obtain [insert in case 
relevant administrator is located 
within the EEA: authorisation or 
registration] [insert in case relevant 
administrator is located outside the 
EEA: recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)].] 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen 
 
Selling Restrictions 
 
TEFRA 
 
TEFRA 
 
 
TEFRA C 
TEFRA C 
 
 
TEFRA D 
TEFRA D 
 
 
Weder TEFRA C noch TEFRA D 
Neither TEFRA C nor TEFRA D 
 
Format der Globalurkunde[n] 
[CGN] [NGN] 
Form of the Global Note[s] 
[CGN] [NGN] 
[EZB-Fähigkeit 
der 
im 
NGN-Format 
zu 
begebenden 
Schuldverschreibungen beabsichtigt28 
 
Eurosystem Eligibility of the Notes to Be Issued in NGN Form Intended 
 
Die Globalurkunde[n] soll[en] in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden.  
 
The Global Note[s] [is] [are] intended to be held in a manner which will allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. 
 
 
Ja  
Yes  
"Ja" bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung bei der gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle 
(common safekeeper) der ICSDs hinterlegt werden. "Ja" bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die 
Zwecke der Geldpolitik und für Innertageskredite vom Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems 
erfüllt sind. 
"Yes" means that the Notes, after having been issued, will be deposited with a common safekeeper of the ICSDs. 
"Yes" does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
 
Nein 
No 
Auch wenn am Tag dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen die Angabe "Nein" lautet, können die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann, wenn sich die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems in der Zukunft dergestalt 
ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen diese einhalten können, bei einem ICSD als gemeinsamer Verwahrer 
(common safekeeper) hinterlegt (und auf den Namen eines von einem der ICSDs Beauftragten als gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer (common safekeeper) eingetragen) werden. Dies bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die 
Zwecke der Geldpolitik und für Innertageskredite vom Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
 
28 Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im NGN-Format begeben werden, auszufüllen. 
To be completed only for Notes issued in NGN form.

--- Page 48 ---
46 
 
 
Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems 
erfüllt sind. 
While the designation is specified as "No" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
[Nicht anwendbar.] 
Third Party Information 
[Not applicable.] 
[[Die oben aufgeführten Ratings wurden in der von der jeweils maßgeblichen Ratingagentur erhaltenen Form wiedergegeben und] 
[relevante Informationen angeben] wurde[n] aus [relevante Informationsquelle angeben] extrahiert. Die Emittentin bestätigt, 
dass diese Angaben korrekt wiedergegeben wurden und nach Wissen der Emittentin und – soweit für sie aus den von [relevante 
Informationsquelle angeben] veröffentlichten Angaben ersichtlich – keine Auslassungen beinhalten, die die wiedergegebenen 
Angaben inkorrekt oder irreführend gestalten würden. Die Emittentin hat diese Angaben nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt 
keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. 
[The ratings set out above have been sourced from each relevant rating agency and] [specify relevant information] [has] [have] 
been extracted from [specify relevant source of information]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify relevant source of 
information], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading The Issuer has 
not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.] 
 
 
Im Namen der Emittentin unterzeichnet 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
 
Von: 
Von: 
By: 
By: 
Im Auftrag 
Im Auftrag 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 49 ---
47 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
[BINDING] [NON-BINDING] GERMAN 
LANGUAGE VERSION 
([BINDENDE] [NICHT BINDENDE] 
DEUTSCHSPRACHIGE FASSUNG DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN) 
 
[BINDING] [NON-BINDING] ENGLISH 
LANGUAGE VERSION 
Die auf die Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
anwendbaren 
Emissionsbedingungen 
(die 
Bedingungen) ergeben sich wie nachfolgend dargestellt in 
der Zusammenschau der folgenden Bestimmungen und der 
Bestimmungen 
der 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren endgültigen Bedingungen (die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen). 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to the Notes (as defined 
below) (the Conditions) will be constituted by combining the 
following provisions and the provisions of the final terms 
applicable to the Notes (the Final Terms) as provided below. 
Die Leerstellen/Platzhalter in den Bestimmungen dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen, die auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar sind, gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben vervollständigt, so als ob 
die Leerstellen/Platzhalter in den betreffenden Bestimmungen 
durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. 
 
The blanks/placeholders in the provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes which are applicable to the Notes 
shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained 
in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the 
blanks/placeholders of such provisions. 
Alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen, deren entsprechende Bestimmungen 
in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht vervollständigt oder 
die gestrichen bzw. als nicht anwendbar bezeichnet wurden, 
gelten als aus diesen Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen und 
sind nicht Bestandteil der Bedingungen. 
 
Alternative or optional provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as to which the corresponding 
provisions in the Final Terms are not completed or which are 
deleted or specified as being not applicable shall be deemed 
to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and shall not form part of the Conditions. 
Sämtliche Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen, die 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht anwendbar sind 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der 
Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen und sind nicht Bestandteil 
der Bedingungen. 
 
All provisions of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
which are inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, 
explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be 
deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and shall not form part of the Conditions. 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM,  
GLOBALURKUNDE[N], CLEARINGSYSTEM, 
GESCHÄFTSTAG 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM,  
GLOBAL NOTE[S], CLEARING SYSTEM, 
BUSINESS DAY 
(1) Währung, Stückelung.  Diese Tranche (die Tranche) der 
Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungen) wird 
von der Ersten Abwicklungsanstalt (die Emittentin) in 
[festgelegte Währung einfügen] (die festgelegte Währung) 
im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde(n) im NGN-
Format begeben werden sollen, einfügen: (vorbehaltlich § 
1 (6))] von [festgelegte Währung und Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] 
(in 
Worten: 
[festgelegte 
Währung 
und 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) in der Stückelung 
von [festgelegte Währung und festgelegte Stückelung 
einfügen] (die festgelegte Stückelung) begeben.  
 
(1) Currency, Denomination.  This tranche (the Tranche) of 
notes (the Notes) is being issued by  Erste Abwicklungsanstalt 
(the Issuer) in [insert specified currency] (the Specified 
Currency) in the aggregate principal amount of [in case the 
Global Note(s) is/are issued in NGN form insert: , subject 
to § 1 (6),] [insert Specified Currency and aggregate 
principal amount] (in words: [insert Specified Currency 
and aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination of [insert Specified Currency and Specified 
Denomination] (the Specified Denomination).  
(2) Form.  Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber.    
(2) Form.  The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die ausschließlich 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, einfügen: 
 
[in case of Notes which are exclusively represented by a 
Permanent Global Note insert: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde.  Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die Dauerglobalurkunde 
oder 
die 
Globalurkunde) 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
 
(3) Permanent Global Note.  The Notes are represented by a 
permanent global note (the Permanent Global Note or the 
Global Note) [in case of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes 
which bear an interest rate of zero per cent. and Zero 
Coupon Notes insert: without coupons]. The Permanent

--- Page 50 ---
48 
 
 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
und 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: ohne Zinsscheine] 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird von oder im Namen 
der Emittentin unterschrieben und von der Emissionsstelle 
oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
[falls die Dauerglobalurkunde im NGN-Format begeben 
wird, einfügen: Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird im new global 
note-Format ausgegeben.] [falls die Dauerglobalurkunde im 
CGN-Format 
begeben 
wird, 
einfügen: 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde wird im classical global note-Format 
ausgegeben.] 
Einzelurkunden 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
und 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: und Zinsscheine] 
werden nicht ausgegeben.]  
Global Note shall be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer and 
shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. [in 
case of a Permanent Global Note to be issued in NGN form 
insert: The Permanent Global Note shall be issued in new 
global note format.] [in case of a Permanent Global Note to 
be issued in CGN form insert: The Permanent Global Note 
shall be issued in classical global note format.] Definitive 
Notes [in case of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes which 
bear an interest rate of zero per cent. and Zero Coupon 
Notes insert: and coupons] will not be issued.]  
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich durch 
eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, die gegen 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht werden soll, 
einfügen: 
 
[in case of Notes which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, which will be exchanged for a 
Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(3) 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
– 
Austausch 
gegen 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange for Permanent Global 
Note. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde (die vorläufige Globalurkunde) 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem 
Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, und keine 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: ohne 
Zinsscheine] verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde kann 
gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobalurkunde und, zusammen mit der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, die Globalurkunden) [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
und 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: ohne Zinsscheine] 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht werden. Die Globalurkunden 
werden jeweils von oder im Namen der Emittentin 
unterschrieben und jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in 
deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. [falls 
die Globalurkunden im NGN-Format begeben werden, 
einfügen: Die Globalurkunden werden im new global note-
Format ausgegeben.] [falls die Globalurkunden im CGN-
Format begeben werden, einfügen: Die Globalurkunden 
werden im classical global note-Format ausgegeben.] 
Einzelurkunden [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
keine festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit 
einem Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, und 
keine Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: 
und Zinsscheine] werden nicht ausgegeben.  
 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global 
note (the Temporary Global Note) [in case of Notes other 
than Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of zero 
per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes insert: without coupons]. 
The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes 
in the Specified Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the Permanent Global Note and, together with 
the Temporary Global Note, the Global Notes) [in case of 
Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest 
rate of zero per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes insert: 
without coupons]. The Global Notes shall each be signed by 
or on behalf of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by 
or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. [in case of Global Notes to 
be issued in NGN form insert: The Global Notes shall be 
issued in new global note format.] [in case of Global Notes 
to be issued in CGN form insert: The Global Notes shall be 
issued in classical global note format.] Definitive Notes [in 
case of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear an 
interest rate of zero per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes 
insert: and coupons] will not be issued. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag (der 
Austauschtag) gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde in der in dem 
vorstehenden Unterabsatz (a) vorgesehenen Form und unter 
den dort aufgestellten Voraussetzungen ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Der Austauschtag darf nicht 
weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegen. Ein solcher Austausch darf 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the 
Permanent Global Note in the form and subject to the 
conditions provided in subparagraph (a) above on a date (the 
Exchange Date) not later than 180 days after the issue date of 
the Temporary Global Note. The Exchange Date shall not be 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the Temporary 
Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made to the extent 
that certifications have been delivered to the effect that the

--- Page 51 ---
49 
 
 
nur in dem Umfang erfolgen, in dem Bescheinigungen 
vorgelegt 
werden, 
denen 
zufolge 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftliche(n) Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine 
U.S.-Person(en) 
ist 
(sind) 
(ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem 
Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, und keine 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
sind, 
einfügen: 
Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist 
hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich.] 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem 
Tag der Begebung der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß Unterabsatz (b) dieses § 1 (3) 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 6 (5) definiert) zu 
liefern.] 
beneficial owner(s) of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is (are) not (a) U.S. person(s) (other 
than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding 
Notes through such financial institutions). [in case of Notes 
other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of 
zero per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes insert: Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note 
will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in respect of each such 
payment of interest.] Any such certification received on or 
after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary 
Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this 
§ 1 (3). Any securities delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the 
United States (as defined in § 6 (5)).] 
(4) Clearingsystem.  Die Globalurkunde[n] [wird] [werden] 
von einem oder für ein Clearingsystem verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt 
sind. 
Clearingsystem 
bezeichnet [bei mehr als einem Clearingsystem einfügen: 
jeweils] [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthaler Allee 61, 
65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland (CBF)] 
[Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, 1855 
Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg (CBL)] [und] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien (Euroclear [falls CBL und Euroclear 
zusammen als 
Clearingsysteme 
eingesetzt 
werden, 
einfügen: und zusammen mit CBL, die ICSDs (International 
Central 
Securities 
Depositaries))]] 
und 
jeden 
Funktionsnachfolger.  
 
(4) Clearing System.  The Global Note[s] will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
Clearing System means [if more than one Clearing System 
insert: each of] [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthaler 
Allee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany 
(CBF)] [Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (CBL)] 
[and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgium (Euroclear [in case CBL and 
Euroclear are jointly appointed as Clearing Systems, 
insert: and, together with CBL, the ICSDs (International 
Central Securities Depositaries))]] and any successor in such 
capacity.  
[falls die Globalurkunde(n) im NGN-Format begeben und 
für die ICSDs verwahrt wird/werden, einfügen: Die 
Globalurkunde[n] [wird] [werden] von der gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (common safekeeper) für beide ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
[in case of (a) Global Note(s) to be issued in NGN form and 
kept in custody on behalf of both ICSDs insert: The Global 
Note[s] shall be kept in custody by the common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[falls die Globalurkunde(n) im CGN-Format begeben und 
für die ICSDs verwahrt wird/werden, einfügen: Die 
Globalurkunde[n] [wird] [werden] von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (common depositary) für beide ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
[in case of (a) Global Note(s) to be issued in CGN form and 
kept in custody on behalf of both ICSDs insert: The Global 
Note[s] shall be kept in custody by a common depositary on 
behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen.  Gläubiger 
bezeichnet jeden Inhaber von Miteigentumsanteilen oder 
anderen Rechten an den Schuldverschreibungen, die in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Bestimmungen 
des 
Clearingsystems auf einen neuen Gläubiger übertragen 
werden können. 
 
(5) Holder of Notes.  Holder means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or right 
in the Notes which may transferred to a new holder in 
accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System.

--- Page 52 ---
50 
 
 
[falls die Globalurkunde(n) im CGN-Format begeben 
wird/werden und von CBF verwahrt werden soll/sollen, 
einfügen: 
 
[in case of (a) Global Note(s) to be issued in CGN form and 
to be kept in custody by CBF insert: 
(6) EDV-Dokumentation von CBF.  Der Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde[n] 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in der EDV-
Dokumentation der CBF eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die 
EDV-Dokumentation von CBF ist maßgeblicher Nachweis 
über den Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde[n] 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem 
Zweck von CBF ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Betrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgeblicher 
Nachweis über den Inhalt der EDV-Dokumentation von CBF 
zu diesem Zeitpunkt.] 
 
(6) Electronic Data Documentation of CBF.  The aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes represented by the Global 
Note[s] shall be the aggregate amount from time to time 
entered in the electronic data documentation of CBF. The 
electronic data documentation of CBF shall be conclusive 
evidence of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note[s] and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by CBF stating the amount of the Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
electronic data documentation of CBF at that time.] 
[falls die Globalurkunde(n) im NGN-Format begeben 
wird/werden, einfügen: 
 
[in case of (a) Global Note(s) to be issued in NGN form 
insert: 
(6) Register der ICSDs.  Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde[n] 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs 
(worunter die Register zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für 
seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde[n] 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesen 
Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung 
mit dem Betrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist 
ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers des 
jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
 
(6) Records of the ICSDs.  The aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes represented by the Global Note[s] shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of 
both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers 
which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes represented by the Global Note[s] and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the 
amount of the Notes so represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
Bei 
einer 
Rückzahlung 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
und 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: oder Zahlung von 
Zinsen] bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde[n] verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde[n] 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
die 
Einzelheiten 
der 
Rückzahlung [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
keine festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit 
einem Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, und 
keine Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: 
oder Zahlung] bzw. des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde[n] pro rata in die Register der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden, und nach dieser Eintragung wird der 
gesamte Nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen vom Gesamtnennbetrag 
der in die Register der ICSDs eingetragenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde[n] 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen. [falls die Schuldverschreibungen anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft werden, 
einfügen: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von durch die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
werden die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die 
Register der ICSDs eingetragen werden.]] 
 
On any redemption [in case of Notes other than Fixed Rate 
Notes which bear an interest rate of zero per cent. and 
Zero Coupon Notes insert: or payment of interest] being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the Global Note[s] the details of such 
redemption [in case of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes 
which bear an interest rate of zero per cent. and Zero 
Coupon Notes insert: or payment] or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note[s] shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the Global Note[s] shall be reduced by the total 
principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. [in case of Notes which are initially represented 
by a Temporary Global Note insert: On an exchange of a 
part of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note, 
the details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.]] 
([7]) Geschäftstag.  Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [falls 
anwendbar, einfügen: Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
 
([7]) Business Day.  Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which [if applicable, insert: 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle

--- Page 53 ---
51 
 
 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten 
Finanzzentren 
einfügen]] 
Zahlungen 
abwickeln 
und 
für 
den 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [falls T2 geöffnet 
sein soll, einfügen: [und] das Real-time Gross Settlement 
System, das von dem Eurosystem betrieben wird, (oder ein 
Nachfolgesystem) (T2) für die Abwicklung von Zahlungen in 
Euro geöffnet ist].  
payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
[insert all relevant financial centres]] [if T2 shall be open, 
insert: [and] the real-time gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem (or any successor system) (T2) is open for 
the settlement of payments in Euro]. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, unbedingte, 
nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht 
besicherten und nicht nachrangigen gegenwärtigen und 
zukünftigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig 
sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende 
gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated present and future obligations of the Issuer 
unless such other obligations take priority by mandatory 
provisions of law. 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
[im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
 
[in case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren Zinssatz sich 
nicht ändert, einfügen: 
 
[in case of Notes whose rate of interest does not change, 
insert: 
(1) Zinssatz [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die keine 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen sind, die mit 
einem Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, 
einfügen: 
und 
Zinszahlungstage]. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der Grundlage ihres 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen sind, die mit einem Zinssatz von 
Null 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
einfügen: 
(der 
Verzinsungsbeginn)] (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(wie in § 5 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz 
einfügen] % per annum. 
 
(1) Rate of Interest [in case of Notes other than Fixed Rate 
Notes which bear an interest rate of zero per cent. insert: 
and Interest Payment Dates].  The Notes shall bear interest on 
their outstanding aggregate principal amount from, and 
including, [insert Interest Commencement Date] [in case of 
Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest 
rate of zero per cent. insert: (the Interest Commencement 
Date)] to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 
(1)) at the rate of [insert rate of interest] per cent. per annum. 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen sind, die mit 
einem Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, 
einfügen: 
Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
[halbjährlich] 
[jährlich]  
nachträglich am [Zinszahlungstage einfügen] eines jeden 
Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein Zinszahlungstag). Die erste 
Zinszahlung erfolgt am [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen] 
[sofern 
der 
erste 
Zinszahlungstag 
kein 
regulärer 
Zinszahlungstag ist, einfügen: und beläuft sich auf 
[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag für die festgelegte 
Stückelung einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung in der 
festgelegten Stückelung. [falls der Fälligkeitstag kein 
regulärer Zinszahlungstag ist, einfügen: Die Zinsen für den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
[den 
letzten 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) 
belaufen sich auf [abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag für 
die festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung 
in der festgelegten Stückelung. Zinszahlungstage unterliegen 
einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) 
enthaltenen Bestimmungen.]] [im Fall von festverzinslichen 
 
[in case of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear 
an interest rate of zero per cent. insert: Interest shall be 
payable [semi-annually] [annually] in arrear on [insert 
Interest Payment Dates] in each year (each such date, an 
Interest Payment Date). The first payment of interest shall 
be made on [insert first Interest Payment Date] [if first 
Interest Payment Date is not a regular Interest Payment 
Date insert: and will amount to [insert Initial Broken 
Amount for the Specified Denomination] per Note in the 
Specified Denomination. [if the Maturity Date is not a 
regular Interest Payment Date insert: Interest in respect of 
the period from, and including, [insert Interest Payment 
Date preceding the Maturity Date] to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date will amount to [insert Final Broken Amount 
for the Specified Denomination] per Note in the Specified 
Denomination. Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 
(4).]] [in case of Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest 
rate of zero per cent. insert: Therefore, no interest will be 
paid on the Notes.]]

--- Page 54 ---
52 
 
 
Schldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
Prozent verzinst werden, einfügen: Demgemäß werden 
keine Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen gezahlt werden.]] 
[im Fall von Stufenzinsschuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
[in case of Step-up or Step-down Notes insert: 
(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der Grundlage ihres 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 (1) 
definiert) (ausschließlich) wie folgt: 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates.  The Notes 
shall bear interest on their outstanding aggregate principal 
amount 
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement Date] (the Interest Commencement Date) 
to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)) as 
follows: 
vom 
bis zum 
mit  
[Datum 
einfügen] 
(einschließlich) 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
(ausschließlich) 
[Zinssatz 
einfügen] % per 
annum 
 
 
from, 
and including, 
to, 
but excluding, 
at the rate of 
 
[insert date] 
[insert date] 
[insert Rates of 
Interest] per 
cent. per annum 
Die Zinsen sind [halbjährlich] [jährlich] nachträglich am 
[Zinszahlungstage einfügen] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils ein Zinszahlungstag). Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt 
am [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen] [sofern der erste 
Zinszahlungstag kein regulärer Zinszahlungstag ist, 
einfügen: 
und 
beläuft 
sich 
auf 
[anfänglichen 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag für die festgelegte Stückelung 
einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten 
Stückelung. [falls der Fälligkeitstag kein regulärer 
Zinszahlungstag ist, einfügen: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum 
vom [den letzten dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) 
belaufen 
sich 
auf 
[abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag für die festgelegte 
Stückelung einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung in der 
festgelegten Stückelung. Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer 
Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 ([4]) 
enthaltenen Bestimmungen.] 
 
Interest shall be payable [semi-annually] [annually] in arrear 
on [insert Interest Payment Dates] in each year (each such 
date, an Interest Payment Date). The first payment of interest 
shall be made on [insert first Interest Payment Date] [if first 
Interest Payment Date is not a regular Interest Payment 
Date insert: and will amount to [insert Initial Broken 
Amount for the Specified Denomination] per Note in the 
Specified Denomination. [if the Maturity Date is not a 
regular Interest Payment Date insert: Interest in respect of 
the period from, and including, [insert Interest Payment 
Date preceding the Maturity Date] to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date will amount to [insert Final Broken Amount 
for the Specified Denomination] per Note in the Specified 
Denomination. Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 
([4]).] 
(2) 
Verzugszinsen. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, wird der 
ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
vom Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für 
Verzugszinsen1 verzinst. Weitergehende Ansprüche der 
Gläubiger bleiben unberührt. 
 
(2) Default Interest.  If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes 
when due, interest shall accrue on the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes from, and including, the due 
date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest 
established by law1. This does not affect any additional rights 
that might be available to the Holders.  
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen sind, die mit 
einem Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[in case of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear 
an interest rate of zero per cent. insert: 
(3) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags.  Falls der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende Zinsbetrag für einen 
Zeitraum von weniger oder mehr als [im Fall von 
halbjährlichen Zinszahlungen einfügen: einem halben] [im 
Fall von jährlichen Zinszahlungen einfügen: einem Jahr] zu 
berechnen ist, erfolgt die Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem 
der Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet wird, 
 
(3) Calculation of Amount of Interest.  If the amount of interest 
payable under the Notes is required to be calculated for a 
period of less or more than [in case of semi-annual interest 
payments insert: half a] [in case of annual payments: a full] 
year, such amount of interest shall be calculated by applying 
the rate of interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined 
 
1 Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte 
über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB. 
 
 
1 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points 
above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank from 
time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code.

--- Page 55 ---
53 
 
 
dieser Betrag mit dem Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert) multipliziert und das hieraus resultierende Ergebnis 
auf die nächste Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung 
gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet 
wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention erfolgt.] 
below), and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with the 
applicable market convention.] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
umgekehrt 
variabel 
verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
[in case of Floating Rate Notes and Inverse Floating Rate 
Notes insert: 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der Grundlage 
ihres ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(wie in § 5 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich). Zinszahlungen auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (wie nachstehend definiert).  
 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding aggregate 
principal amount from, and including, [insert Interest 
Commencement Date] (the Interest Commencement Date) 
to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)) 
Interest payments on the Notes shall be made on each Interest 
Payment Date (as defined below).  
(b) Zinszahlungstag bedeutet 
 
(b) Interest Payment Date means 
[im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen einfügen: 
jeder [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage einfügen].] 
 
[in case of specified Interest Payment Dates insert: each 
[insert specified Interest Payment Dates].] 
[im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden einfügen: (soweit 
diese Bedingungen keine abweichenden Bestimmungen 
vorsehen) jeweils der Tag, der [relevante Zahl einfügen] 
[Wochen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte Zinsperiode 
einfügen] nach dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag oder, 
im 
Falle 
des 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstags, 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.] 
 
[in case of specified Interest Periods insert: each date which 
(except as otherwise provided for in these Conditions) falls 
[insert relevant number] [weeks] [months] [insert other 
specified Interest Period] after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date.] 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in Überein-
stimmung mit den in § 4 (4) enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 (4). 
[im 
Fall 
von 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren Referenz(zins)satz nicht 
EuroSTR oder SOFR ist, einfügen: 
 
[in case of Floating Rate Notes whose Reference (Interest) 
Rate is other than EuroSTR or SOFR insert: 
[falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: [(2) Zinssatz.  
Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede Zinsperiode (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist [im Fall von umgekehrt variabel 
verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: die von 
der Berechnungsstelle am Feststellungstag berechnete und als 
Prozentsatz 
per 
annum 
ausgedrückte 
Differenz 
aus 
[relevanten festen Zinssatz einfügen] % per annum und 
dem] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: der] Referenzsatz (wie 
nachstehend definiert) [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend 
definiert)], 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) erfolgen. 
 
[in case interpolation applies, insert: [(2) Rate of Interest.  
The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) shall be [insert in case of Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes: the difference (as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Determination Day and expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) between [insert relevant Fixed 
Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum and] the Reference Rate 
(as defined below) [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] 
the Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1)). 
Referenzsatz 
bezeichnet, 
sofern 
nachstehend 
nichts 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird, mit Bezug auf (i) [im Fall 
einer kurzen ersten Zinsperiode einfügen: die kurze erste 
Zinsperiode vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer 
langen ersten Zinsperiode einfügen: die lange erste 
Zinsperiode vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer 
kurzen letzten Zinsperiode einfügen: [die kurze letzte 
Zinsperiode 
von 
dem 
letzten, 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
 
Reference Rate means, except as provided below, in respect 
of (i) the [in case of a short first interest period, insert: short 
first Interest Period from, and including, the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest 
Payment Date] [in case of a long first interest period, insert: 
long first Interest Period from, and including, the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest 
Payment Date] [in case of a short last interest period, 
insert: short last Interest Period from, and including, the last 
Interest Payment Date prior to the Maturity Date to, but 
excluding, the Maturity Date)] [in case of a long last interest

--- Page 56 ---
54 
 
 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer langen letzten 
Zinsperiode einfügen: die lange letzte Zinsperiode von dem 
letzten, dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich)] den 
durch lineare Interpolation zwischen dem [ersten relevanten 
Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (wie nachstehend definiert) und 
dem [zweiten relevanten Referenzinssatz einfügen] (wie 
nachstehend definiert) festgestellten Kurs, und (ii) alle 
anderen Zinsperioden den [relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
einfügen, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, auf die 
Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist] (wie nachstehend 
definiert) (zusammen mit dem Referenzzinsatz für die [kurze] 
[lange] [erste] [letzte] Zinsperiode die Referenzzinssätze und 
je ein Referenzzinssatz), jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt. 
period, insert: long last Interest Period from, and including, 
the last Interest Payment Date prior to the Maturity Date to, 
but excluding, the Maturity Date] the rate determined by 
straight-line interpolation between the [insert first relevant 
Reference Interest Rate] (as defined below) and the [insert 
second relevant Reference Interest Rate] (as defined 
below), and (ii) all other Interest Periods the [insert relevant 
Reference Interest Rate which shall apply to all Interest 
Periods to which interpolation shall not apply] (as defined 
below) (together with the reference interest rate for the [short] 
[long] [first] [last] Interest Period the Reference Interest 
Rates and each a Reference Interest Rate), in each case 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum. 
Bei dem [ersten relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] [,] 
[und] dem [zweiten relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] 
[[,] [und] dem [falls der relevante Referenzzinssatz, der auf 
alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, auf die Interpolation 
nicht anwendbar ist, nicht mit dem ersten oder zweiten 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz identisch ist, ist dieser 
Referenzzinssatz einzufügen]] handelt es sich jeweils um 
den Kurs für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer 
Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des relevanten Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend 
definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
gegen [11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([Brüsseler] [anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) erfolgen.] 
 
The [insert first relevant Reference Interest Rate] [,] [and] 
the [insert second relevant Reference Interest Rate] [[,] 
[and] the [in case the relevant Reference Interest Rate 
which shall apply to all Interest Periods to which 
interpolation shall not apply is different from the first and 
the second relevant Reference Interest Rate, insert such 
Reference Interest Rate]] shall be in each case the rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency with a term which 
corresponds with the term of the relevant Reference Interest 
Rate which appears on the Screen Page (as defined below) as 
of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] 
[insert other relevant financial centre] time) on the 
Determination Day (as defined below), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1).] 
[falls Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist, einfügen: [(2) 
Zinssatz.  Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist [im Fall von umgekehrt 
variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
die von der Berechnungsstelle am Feststellungstag berechnete 
und als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückte Differenz aus 
[relevanten festen Zinssatz einfügen] % per annum und 
dem] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: der] Referenzzinssatz 
(wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend 
definiert)], 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) erfolgen. 
 
[in case interpolation does not apply, insert: [(2) Rate of 
Interest.  The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) shall be [insert in case of 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes: the difference (as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the Determination Day and 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum) between [insert 
relevant Fixed Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum and] 
the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below) [in case of a 
Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified in § 
6 (1)). 
Referenzzinssatz bezeichnet, sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes 
bestimmt 
wird, 
den 
[relevanten 
Referenzzinsatz einfügen] (wie nachstehend definiert), als 
Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt. 
 
Reference Interest Rate means, except as provided below, 
the [insert relevant Reference Interest Rate] (as defined 
below), expressed as a percentage rate per annum. 
Bei dem [relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] handelt es 
sich um den Kurs für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung 
mit einer Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) gegen 
[11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([Brüsseler] [anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) erfolgen.] 
 
The [insert relevant Reference Interest Rate] shall be the 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency with a term which 
corresponds with the term of the Reference Interest Rate 
which appears on the Screen Page (as defined below) as of 
[11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [insert 
other relevant financial centre] time) on the Determination 
Day (as defined below), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (as specified in § 6 (1).] 
Zinsperiode 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
 
Interest Period means each period from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first

--- Page 57 ---
55 
 
 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauf 
folgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich).  
Interest Payment Date and from, and including, each Interest 
Payment Date to, but excluding, the following Interest 
Payment Date.  
Feststellungstag bezeichnet den [ersten] [zweiten] [andere 
relevante Zahl einfügen] [Tag] [Geschäftstag] [(wie in § 1 
definiert)] [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
[falls eine von der generellen Definition des Begriffs 
"Geschäftstag" abweichende Definition benötigt wird, 
einfügen: Nur im Rahmen dieses Absatzes (2) bezeichnet 
Geschäftstag einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an dem [[T2] [das Real-time Gross Settlement System, das 
von 
dem 
Eurosystem 
betrieben 
wird, 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgesystem) (T2) für die Abwicklung von Zahlungen in 
Euro] 
geöffnet 
ist] 
[[und] 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren 
einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind].] 
 
Determination Day means the [first] [second] [insert other 
relevant number] [day] [Business Day] [(as defined in § 1] 
[prior to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant Interest 
Period. [if a definition is required, which differs from the 
general Business Day definition, insert: For the purposes of 
this paragraph (2) only, Business Day means a day (other than 
a Saturday or Sunday) on which [[T2] [the real-time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (or any 
successor system) (T2) ] is open for the settlement of 
payments in Euro] [[and] commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [insert all relevant financial centres].] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine Marge ha-
ben, die sich nicht ändert, einfügen: [im Fall einer Marge 
einfügen: Die Marge beträgt [Satz einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which does not 
change, insert: [in case of a Margin insert: Margin means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine Marge 
haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die Marge beträgt für die 
Zinsperiode[n] 
 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which changes, 
insert: Margin means in respect of the Interest Period[s] 
vom 
bis zum 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
(einschließlich) 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
(ausschließlich) 
[Marge 
einfügen] % per 
annum] 
 
 
from, 
and including, 
to, 
but excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert date] 
[insert Margin] 
per cent. per 
annum] 
Bildschirmseite bedeutet (i) [relevante Bildschirmseite 
einfügen], oder (ii) diejenige andere Bildschirmseite, die 
diese 
Bildschirmseite 
bei 
dem 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter betriebenen Dienst ersetzt, oder (iii) 
diejenige Bildschirmseite desjenigen anderen Dienstes, der 
von der Berechnungsstelle als Ersatz-Informationsanbieter für 
die Anzeige des relevanten Satzes benannt wird.  
 
Screen Page means (i) [insert relevant Screen Page], or (ii) 
such other display page as may replace such Screen Page on 
the service provided by the same information vendor, or (iii) 
the display page of such other service as may be nominated by 
the Calculation Agent as the replacement information vendor 
for the purpose of displaying the relevant rate. 
Sollte die Bildschirmseite nicht mehr zur Verfügung stehen, 
oder wird der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
relevante] Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten Zeit am 
relevanten Feststellungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, ist der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: relevante] Referenzzinssatz, vorausgesetzt, dass 
kein Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-Ereignis gemäß § 3 ([8]) 
eingetreten ist, der Kurs auf der Bildschirmseite an dem 
letzten Tag vor dem Feststellungstag, an dem dieser Kurs 
angezeigt wurde.]  
 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the [in case 
interpolation applies, insert: relevant] Reference Interest 
Rate does not appear as at such time on the relevant 
Determination Day on the Screen Page, the [in case 
interpolation applies, insert: relevant] Reference Interest 
Rate shall, provided that no Rate Replacement Event pursuant 
to § 3 ([8]) has occurred, be deemed to be the rate on the 
Screen Page on the last day preceding the Determination Day 
on which such rate appeared.] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
deren 
Referenzzinssatz 
EuroSTR ist, einfügen: 
 
[in case of Floating Rate Notes whose Reference Interest 
Rate is EuroSTR insert: 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der für die jeweilige Zinsberechnungsperiode 
anwendbare 
Zinssatz 
(der 
Zinssatz) 
wird 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle auf der folgenden Grundlage bestimmt: 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) 
for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Am 
maßgeblichen 
Feststellungstag 
einer 
jeden 
Zinsberechnungsperiode wird die Berechnungsstelle den 
Zinssatz [im Falle, dass keine Marge anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: auf der Basis des] [im Falle einer positiven Marge 
einfügen: als Summe aus dem] [im Falle einer negativen 
 
On the Determination Day of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
Calculation Agent will calculate the Rate of Interest [in case 
no Margin is applicable insert: on the basis of] [in case of a 
positive Margin insert: as the sum of] [in case of a negative 
Margin insert: as the difference between] the Compounded

--- Page 58 ---
56 
 
 
Marge einfügen: als Differenz aus dem] Compounded 
EuroSTR [im Falle einer Marge einfügen: und der Marge] 
berechnen [im Falle einer Marge einfügen: (wobei zur 
Klarstellung festgehalten wird, dass die Marge nicht täglich 
[aufläuft] [abgezogen wird], sondern am Feststellungstag [zu] 
[von] 
dem 
Compounded 
EuroSTR-Satz 
[hinzuaddiert] 
[abgezogen] wird)]. 
EuroSTR [in case of a Margin insert: and the Margin (which 
for the avoidance of doubt, is not [compounded] [deducted] 
daily but [added to] [deducted from] the Compounded 
EuroSTR on the Determination Day)]. 
Compounded 
EuroSTR 
bezeichnet 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Compounded EuroSTR Index einfügen: den Compounded 
EuroSTR Index oder, falls ein maßgeblicher EuroSTR-Index-
Stand zum maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt nicht auf der Internetseite 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank 
angezeigt 
wird, 
den 
Compounded Daily EuroSTR] [im Falle von Compounded 
Daily EuroSTR einfügen: den Compounded Daily EuroSTR].  
 
Compounded EuroSTR means [in case of Compounded 
EuroSTR Index insert: Compounded EuroSTR Index or, if 
any relevant EuroSTR Index value does not appear on the 
Website of the European Central Bank at the relevant time, 
Compounded Daily EuroSTR [in case of Compounded Daily 
EuroSTR insert: Compounded Daily EuroSTR].] 
[im Falle von Compounded EuroSTR Index einfügen: 
 
[in case of Compounded EuroSTR Index insert: 
Compounded EuroSTR Index bezeichnet, vorbehaltlich der 
Anwendung der in Unterabsatz (a) nachfolgend aufgeführten 
Compounded EuroSTR Index Ausfallbestimmungen, der in 
Unterabsatz (b) nachfolgend aufgeführten Compounded Daily 
EuroSTR Ausfallbestimmungen und der in Unterabsatz (d) 
nachfolgend aufgeführten finalen Ausfallbestimmungen, in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsberechnungsperiode einen Prozentsatz, wie 
von der Berechnungsstelle am relevanten Feststellungstag 
gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet (falls erforderlich, auf- 
oder abgerundet auf einen Zehnausendstel Prozentpunkt, wobei 
0,00005 aufgerundet wird): 
 
Compounded EuroSTR Index means, subject to the 
application of the Compounded EuroSTR Index fallback 
provisions provided in subparagraph (a) below, the 
Compounded Daily EuroSTR fallback provisions provided in 
subparagraph (b) below and the final fallback provisions 
provided in subparagraph (d) below, in relation to any Interest 
Accrual Period, a percentage rate, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Determination Day in 
accordance with the following formula (rounded if necessary 
to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
( EuroSTR IndexEnd
EuroSTR IndexStart
−1) × 360
dc
 
 
( EuroSTR IndexEnd
EuroSTR IndexStart
−1) × 360
dc
 
Hierbei gilt: 
 
where: 
dc bezeichnet die Anzahl der Tage in dem der betreffenden 
Zinberechnungsperiode zugeordneten Beobachtungszeitraum. 
 
dc means the number of days in the Observation Period relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
EuroSTR Index bezeichnet für die Zwecke der Bestimmung 
des Compounded EuroSTR Index und mit Bezug auf einen 
beliebigen T2 Geschäftstag den EuroSTR-Index-Stand, wie an 
diesem T2 Geschäftstag von der Europäischen Zentralbank auf 
der Internetseite der Europäischen Zentralbank um 9.00 Uhr 
Frankfurter Ortszeit veröffentlicht. 
 
EuroSTR Index means, for purposes of determining 
Compounded EuroSTR Index in respect of any T2 Business 
Day, the EuroSTR Index value as published by the European 
Central Bank on the Website of the European Central Bank at 
9.00 a.m. Frankfurt time on such T2 Business Day. 
EuroSTR IndexEnd bezeichnet den EuroSTR Indexwert an 
dem Tag, der [fünf] [⚫] T2 Geschäftstage vor dem Tag, an dem 
die betreffende Zinszahlung für eine Zinsberechnungsperiode 
fällig wird, liegt (oder im Fall der letzten Zinsperiode, dem 
Fälligkeitstag). 
 
EuroSTR IndexEnd means the EuroSTR Index value on the 
day which is [five] [⚫] T2 Business Days preceding the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due relating to any 
Interest Accrual Period (or in the case of the final Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date). 
EuroSTR IndexStart bezeichnet den EuroSTR Indexwert an 
dem Tag, der [fünf] [⚫] T2 Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag 
der relevanten Zinsbrechnungsperiode liegt. 
 
EuroSTR IndexStart means the EuroSTR Index value on the 
day which is [five] [⚫] T2 Business Days preceding the first 
day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(a) Compounded EuroSTR Index Ausfallbestimmungen. 
 
(a) Compounded EuroSTR Index Fallback Provisions. 
Falls EuroSTR IndexStart oder EuroSTR IndexEnd am dem 
relevanten Feststellungstag nicht veröffentlicht wird, wird der 
Compounded EuroSTR Index von der Berechnungsstelle für 
die relevante Zinsberechnungsperiode, für die der relevante 
EuroSTR Index nicht verfügbar ist, in Übereinstimmung mit 
den nachfolgend aufgeführten Bestimmungen und gemäß der 
folgenden Formel für Compounded Daily EuroSTR (falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf einen Zehntausendstel 
Prozentpunkt, wobei 0,00005 aufgerundet wird) berechnet:] 
 
If EuroSTR IndexStart or EuroSTR IndexEnd is not published on 
the relevant Determination Day, Compounded EuroSTR Index 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period for which the relevant Compounded 
EuroSTR Index is not available in accordance with the 
provisions set out below and the following formula for 
Compounded Daily EuroSTR (rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards):]

--- Page 59 ---
57 
 
 
[im Falle von Compounded EuroSTR Index oder 
Compounded Daily EuroSTR einfügen: 
 
[in case of Compounded EuroSTR Index or in case of 
Compounded Daily EuroSTR insert: 
Compounded Daily EuroSTR bezeichnet, vorbehaltlich der 
Anwendung der in Unterabsatz (a) nachfolgend aufgeführten 
Compounded Daily EuroSTR Ausfallbestimmungen und der in 
Unterabsatz 
(c) 
nachfolgend 
aufgeführten 
finalen 
Ausfallbestimmungen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zinberechnungsperiode 
den 
nach 
der 
Zinseszinsformel 
berechneten Renditesatz einer Tagesgeldanlage (rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment) während des der 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungsperiode 
zugehörigen 
Beobachtungszeitraums (mit dem täglichen (daily) EuroSTR-
Wert als Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung), wie am 
maßgeblichen Feststellungstag von der Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet (falls erforderlich, auf- 
oder abgerundet auf einen Zehntausendstel Prozentpunkt, 
wobei 0,00005 aufgerundet wird): 
 
Compounded Daily EuroSTR means, subject to the 
application of the Compounded Daily EuroSTR fallback 
provisions provided in subparagraph (a) below and the final 
fallback provisions provided in subparagraph (c) below, with 
respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment during the Observation 
Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the 
daily EuroSTR value as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Determination Day in accordance with the following formula 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + EuroSTRi × ni
360
) −1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
 
[∏(1 + EuroSTRi ×  ni
360
) −1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
Hierbei gilt: 
 
where: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Tage in dem betreffenden 
Beobachtungszeitraum. 
 
d means the number of days in the relevant Observation Period. 
d0 bezeichnet mit Bezug auf eine Zinsberechnungsperiode die 
Anzahl 
der 
T2 
Geschäftstage 
in 
dem 
betreffenden 
Beobachtungszeitraum. 
 
d0 means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number 
of T2 Business Days in the relevant Observation Period. 
EuroSTRi bezeichnet mit Bezug auf einen T2 Geschäftstag "i" 
in dem betreffenden Beobachtungszeitraum den Referenzsatz, 
der mit Bezug auf diesen T2 Geschäftstag EuroSTR entspricht. 
 
EuroSTRi means in respect of any T2 Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Observation Period, the reference rate equal to 
EuroSTR in respect of that T2 Business Day "i". 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe ganzer Zahlen von eins bis d0, wobei 
jede Zahl für den betreffenden T2 Geschäftstag in 
chronologischer Reihenfolge ab dem ersten T2 Geschäftstag 
(einschließlich) in dem betreffenden Beobachtungszeitraum 
steht. 
 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant T2 Business Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first T2 Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period. 
ni bezeichnet mit Bezug auf jeden T2 Geschäftstag "i" die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
während 
des 
betreffenden 
Beobachtungszeitraums ab dem betreffenden T2 Geschäftstag 
"i" (einschließlich) bis zum unmittelbar folgenden T2 
Geschäftstag (ausschließlich). 
 
ni means, in relation to any T2 Business Day "i" the number of 
days in the relevant Observation Period from (and including) 
the relevant T2 Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the 
immediately following T2 Business Day. 
[im Falle von Compounded EuroSTR Index einfügen: (b)] 
[im Falle von Compounded Daily EuroSTR einfügen: (a)] 
Compounded Daily EuroSTR Ausfallbestimmungen 
 
[in case of Compounded EuroSTR Index insert: (b)] [in 
case of Compounded Daily EuroSTR insert: (a)] 
Compounded Daily EuroSTR Fallback Provisions.  
Ist EuroSTR in Bezug auf einen im maßgeblichen 
Beobachtungszeitraum liegenden T2 Geschäftstag nicht 
verfügbar und 
 
If EuroSTR is not available in respect of a T2 Business Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period and 
(i) 
ist auch kein EuroSTR-Einstellungsereignis eingetreten, 
so ist der EuroSTR für den betreffenden T2 Geschäftstag 
der am letzten T2 Geschäftstag vor dem betreffenden T2 
Geschäftstag auf der Internetseite der Europäischen 
Zentralbank veröffentlichte EuroSTR; oder 
 
(i) no EuroSTR Cessation Event has occurred, the EuroSTR 
for such T2 Business Day shall be the EuroSTR published 
on the Website of the European Central Bank on the last 
T2 Business Day prior to the relevant T2 Business Day; or 
(ii) sind sowohl ein EuroSTR-Einstellungsereignis als auch 
ein EuroSTR-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten, so wird der 
(zur Berechnung des Zinssatzes verwendete) Referenzsatz 
für jeden Tag in einem Beobachtungszeitraum, der an oder 
nach 
dem 
EuroSTR-Einstellungsstichtag 
liegt, 
so 
ermittelt, als wären Bezugnahmen auf EuroSTR 
 
(ii) both a EuroSTR Cessation Event and a EuroSTR 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate (to be 
used to calculate the Rate of Interest) for each day in any 
Observation Period occurring on or after the EuroSTR 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to EuroSTR were references to the EUR

--- Page 60 ---
58 
 
 
Bezugnahmen auf den EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatz. 
Recommended Rate. 
Wenn: 
 
If: 
(i) 
vor Ablauf des ersten T2 Geschäftstags nach dem Tag, an 
dem das EuroSTR-Einstellungsereignis eintritt, kein 
solcher (zur Berechnung des Zinssatzes verwendeter) 
EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatz empfohlen wird, so wird 
der 
Referenzsatz 
für 
jeden 
Tag 
in 
einem 
Beobachtungszeitraum, der an oder nach dem EuroSTR-
Einstellungsstichtag liegt, so ermittelt, als wären 
Bezugnahmen auf EuroSTR Bezugnahmen auf den 
Modifizierten EDFR (EuroSTR); oder 
 
(i) no such EUR Recommended Rate (to be used to calculate 
the Rate of Interest) is recommended before the end of the 
first T2 Business Day following the day on which the 
EuroSTR Cessation Event occurs, then the rate for each 
day in any Observation Period occurring on or after the 
EuroSTR Cessation Effective Date will be determined as 
if references to EuroSTR were references to Modified 
EDFR (EuroSTR); or 
(ii) anschließend 
ein 
EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatz- 
Einstellungsereignis eintritt, so wird der (zur Berechnung 
des Zinssatzes verwendete) Referenzsatz für jeden Tag in 
einem Beobachtungszeitraum, der an oder nach dem 
EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatz-Einstellungsstichtag 
liegt, so ermittelt, als wären Bezugnahmen auf EuroSTR 
Bezugnahmen auf den Modifizierten EDFR (EuroSTR). 
 
(ii) an 
EUR 
Recommended 
Rate 
Cessation 
Event 
subsequently occurs, then the rate (to be used to calculate 
the Rate of Interest) for each day in any Observation 
Period occurring on or after the EUR Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to EuroSTR were references to Modified 
EDFR (EuroSTR). 
[im Falle von Compounded EuroSTR Index einfügen: (c)] 
[im Falle von Compounded Daily EuroSTR einfügen: (b)] 
Definitionen. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gelten 
folgende Definitionen: 
 
[in case of Compounded EuroSTR Index insert: (c)] [in case 
of Compounded Daily EuroSTR insert: (b)] Definitions. For 
the purposes of these Conditions the following definitions shall 
apply: 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet mit Bezug auf eine 
Zinsberechnungsperiode 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), der [fünf] [⚫] T2 Geschäftstage vor dem ersten 
Tag der betreffenden Zinsberechnungsperiode liegt (hierbei 
handelt es sich im Falle der ersten Zinsberechnungsperiode um 
den Verzinsungsbeginn), bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), der 
[fünf] [⚫] T2 Geschäftstage vor (i) (im Falle einer Zinsperiode) 
dem Zinszahlungstag für diese Zinsperiode oder (ii) (im Falle 
jeder anderen Zinsberechnungsperiode) dem Tag, an dem die 
betreffende Zinszahlung fällig wird, liegt (ein jeder solcher Tag 
ein Beobachtungszeitraumendtag). 
 
Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Accrual 
Period, the period beginning on (and including) the date which 
is [five] [⚫] T2 Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (which, in the case of the first 
Interest Period, shall be the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on (but excluding) the date which is [five] [⚫] T2 
Business Days prior to (i) (in the case of an Interest Period) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (ii) (in the 
case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the day on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (each such date, an 
Observation Period End Date). 
EDFR-Spread bezeichnet: 
 
EDFR Spread means: 
(a) wenn vor Ablauf des ersten T2 Geschäftstags nach dem 
Tag, an dem das EuroSTR-Einstellungsereignis eintritt, 
kein EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatz empfohlen wird, das 
arithmetische Mittel der täglichen Differenz zwischen 
dem EuroSTR und dem Zinssatz für die Einlagefazilität 
im Eurosystem über einen Beobachtungszeitraum von 30 
T2 Geschäftstagen, beginnend 30 T2 Geschäftstage vor 
dem Tag, an dem das EuroSTR-Einstellungsereignis 
eintritt, und endend an dem T2 Geschäftstag unmittelbar 
vor dem Tag, an dem das EuroSTR-Einstellungsereignis 
eintritt; oder 
 
(a) if no EUR Recommended Rate is recommended before the 
end of the first T2 Business Day following the day on 
which the EuroSTR Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between EuroSTR 
and the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate over an 
observation period of 30 T2 Business Days starting 30 T2 
Business Days prior to the day on which the EuroSTR 
Cessation Event occurs and ending on the T2 Business 
Day immediately preceding the day on which the 
EuroSTR Cessation Event occurs; or 
(b) wenn 
ein 
EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatz-
Einstellungsereignis eintritt, das arithmetische Mittel der 
täglichen 
Differenz 
zwischen 
dem 
EUR-
Empfehlungsreferenzsatz und dem Zinssatz für die 
Einlagefazilität 
im 
Eurosystem 
über 
einen 
Beobachtungszeitraum von 30 T2 Geschäftstagen, 
beginnend 30 T2 Geschäftstage vor dem Tag, an dem das 
EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatz- 
Einstellungsereignis 
eintritt, und endend an dem T2 Geschäftstag unmittelbar 
vor dem Tag, an dem das EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatz-
Einstellungsereignis eintritt. 
 
(b) if an EUR Recommended Rate Cessation Event occurs, 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the 
EUR Recommended Rate and the Eurosystem Deposit 
Facility Rate over an observation period of 30 T2 Business 
Days starting 30 T2 Business Days prior to the day on 
which the EUR Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event occurs and ending on the T2 Business Day 
immediately preceding the day on which the EUR 
Recommended Rate Cessation Event occurs.

--- Page 61 ---
59 
 
 
EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatz bezeichnet den Referenzsatz 
(einschließlich 
etwaiger 
Auf- 
bzw. 
Abschläge 
oder 
Anpassungen), der von (i) der Europäischen Zentralbank (oder 
anderenfalls einem Nachfolge-Administrator des EuroSTR) 
oder anderenfalls (ii) einem von der Europäischen Zentralbank 
(oder 
anderenfalls 
einem 
Nachfolge-Administrator 
des 
EuroSTR) für den Zweck der Empfehlung eines Ersatzes für 
den EuroSTR offiziell bestätigten oder einberufenen Ausschuss 
als Ersatz für den EuroSTR empfohlen wurde (wobei dieser 
Ersatz von der Europäischen Zentralbank oder einem anderen 
Administrator erstellt wird), jeweils wie von der Emittentin 
festgestellt und der Berechnungsstelle von der Emittentin 
mitgeteilt. 
 
EUR Recommended Rate means the rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for 
EuroSTR by (i) the European Central Bank (or, failing which, 
any successor administrator of EuroSTR) or, failing which, (ii) 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European 
Central Bank (or, failing which, any successor administrator of 
EuroSTR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for 
EuroSTR (such replacement being produced by the European 
Central Bank or another administrator), all as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent. 
EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatz-Einstellungsereignis 
be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf einen Beobachtungszeitraum den Eintritt 
eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse, (wie von der 
Emittentin in Abstimmung mit der Berechnungsstelle 
festgestellt und der Berechnungsstelle, der Emissionstelle und 
den Gläubigern von der Emittentin mitgeteilt (im Falle einer 
Mitteilung an die Gläubiger durch Veröffentlichung in den in § 
12 aufgeführten Medien)): 
 
EUR Recommended Rate Cessation Event means, in 
relation to any Observation Period, the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the 
Holders (in case of a notification to the Holders by publication 
in the media set out in § 12): 
(a) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung von 
Informationen durch den Administrator des EUR-
Empfehlungsreferenzsatzes oder in dessen Namen, mit 
der dieser bekannt gibt, dass er die Bereitstellung des 
EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatzes dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, 
sofern 
es 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung keinen Nachfolge-Administrator gibt, 
der 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
EUR-
Empfehlungsreferenzsatzes fortsetzen wird; oder 
 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the EUR Recommended 
Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
the EUR Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the EUR Recommended Rate; or 
(b) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung von 
Informationen durch die für den Administrator des EUR-
Empfehlungsreferenzsatzes zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder anderenfalls die Zentralbank für die dem EUR-
Empfehlungsreferenzsatz zugrunde liegende Währung 
oder anderenfalls einen für den Administrator des EUR-
Empfehlungsreferenzsatzes 
zuständigen 
Insolvenzverwalter oder anderenfalls eine für den 
Administrator 
des 
EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatzes 
zuständige Abwicklungsbehörde oder anderenfalls ein 
Gericht oder eine Stelle mit ähnlicher Zuständigkeit im 
Falle der Insolvenz oder Abwicklung des Administrators 
des EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatzes dahingehend, dass 
der Administrator des EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatzes 
die Bereitstellung des EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder 
einstellen wird, sofern es im Zeitpunkt der Erklärung oder 
Veröffentlichung keinen Nachfolge-Administrator gibt, 
der 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
EUR-
Empfehlungsreferenzsatzes fortsetzen wird. 
 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the EUR 
Recommended Rate, or, failing which, the central bank for 
the currency underlying the EUR Recommended Rate, or, 
failing which, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of the EUR Recommended Rate, or, 
failing which, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of the EUR Recommended Rate or, 
failing which, a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator of the EUR 
Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of 
the EUR Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the EUR Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the EUR Recommended Rate. 
EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatz-Einstellungsstichtag 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein EUR-Empfehlungsreferenzsatz 
Einstellungsereignis den ersten Tag, an dem der EUR-
Empfehlungsreferenzsatz nicht mehr bereitgestellt wird, wie 
von der Emittentin festgestellt und der Berechnungsstelle von 
der Emittentin mitgeteilt. 
 
EUR Recommended Rate Cessation Effective Date means, 
in respect of an EUR Recommended Rate Cessation Event, the 
first date on which the EUR Recommended Rate is no longer 
provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer 
to the Calculation Agent. 
EuroSTR bezeichnet für die Zwecke der Bestimmung des 
 
EuroSTR means, for purposes of determining Compounded

--- Page 62 ---
60 
 
 
Compounded EuroSTR mit Bezug auf einen T2 Geschäftstag 
den Euro Short-Term Rate-Tageszinssatz (daily Euro short-
term rate), der von der Europäischen Zentralbank zur 
Verfügung gestellt und um oder gegen 9.00 Uhr (Frankfurter 
Ortszeit) an demjenigen T2 Geschäftstag, der diesem T2 
Geschäftstag unmittelbar nachfolgt, auf der Internetseite der 
Europäischen Zentralbank veröffentlicht wird.  
EuroSTR in respect of any T2 Business Day, the daily Euro 
short-term rate provided by the European Central Bank, as 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank at or 
about 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) on the T2 Business Day 
immediately following such T2 Business Day.  
EuroSTR-Einstellungsereignis bezeichnet in Bezug auf einen 
Beobachtungszeitraum den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der 
folgenden Ereignisse (wie von der Emittentin in Abstimmung 
mit 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
festgestellt 
und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle, der Emissionstelle und den Gläubigern von 
der Emittentin mitgeteilt (im Falle einer Mitteilung an die 
Gläubiger durch Veröffentlichung in den in § 12 aufgeführten 
Medien)): 
 
EuroSTR Cessation Event means in relation to any 
Observation Period the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Holders (in case of 
a notification to the Holders by publication in the media set out 
in § 12): 
(a) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung von 
Informationen durch die Europäische Zentralbank (oder 
einen Nachfolge-Administrator des EuroSTR) oder in 
deren Namen, mit der diese bekannt gibt, dass sie die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
EuroSTR 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, 
sofern 
es 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung keinen Nachfolge-Administrator gibt, 
der die Bereitstellung des EuroSTR fortsetzen wird; oder 
 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or a successor 
administrator of EuroSTR) announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide EuroSTR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide EuroSTR; or 
(b) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung von 
Informationen durch die für den Administrator des 
EuroSTR zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde oder anderenfalls 
die Zentralbank für die dem EuroSTR zugrunde liegende 
Währung oder anderenfalls einen für den Administrator 
des EuroSTR zuständigen Insolvenzverwalter oder 
anderenfalls eine für den Administrator des EuroSTR 
zuständige Abwicklungsbehörde oder anderenfalls ein 
Gericht oder eine Stelle mit ähnlicher Zuständigkeit im 
Falle der Insolvenz oder Abwicklung des Administrators 
des EuroSTR dahingehend, dass der Administrator des 
EuroSTR die Bereitstellung des EuroSTR dauerhaft oder 
auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, 
sofern 
es 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung keinen Nachfolge-Administrator gibt, 
der die Bereitstellung des EuroSTR fortsetzen wird. 
 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of EuroSTR, 
or, failing which, the central bank for the currency 
underlying EuroSTR, or, failing which, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
EuroSTR, or, failing which, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of EuroSTR or, failing 
which, a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of EuroSTR, 
which states that the administrator of EuroSTR has ceased 
or will cease to provide EuroSTR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide EuroSTR. 
EuroSTR-Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein 
EuroSTR-Einstellungsereignis den ersten Tag, an dem der 
EuroSTR nicht mehr bereitgestellt wird, wie von der Emittentin 
festgestellt und der Berechnungsstelle von der Emittentin 
mitgeteilt. 
 
EuroSTR Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a 
EuroSTR Cessation Event, the first date on which EuroSTR is 
no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent. 
Feststellungstag 
bezeichnet 
mit 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zinsberechnungsperiode den Beobachtungszeitraumendtag für 
diese Zinsberechnungsperiode. 
 
Determination Day means, in respect of any Interest Accrual 
Period, the Observation Period End Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period. 
Internetseite der Europäischen Zentralbank bezeichnet (i) 
die Internetseite der Europäischen Zentralbank (derzeit 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html) 
oder 
eine Nachfolge-Internetseite der Europäischen Zentralbank 
bzw. des betreffenden Nachfolge-Administrators oder (ii) eine 
andere zum Zwecke der Anzeige des EuroSTR oder des EDFR 
von der Europäischen Zentralbank bzw. dem betreffenden 
Nachfolge-Administrator benannte Bildschirmseite. 
Eine 
solche Nachfolge-Internetseite oder andere Bildschirmseite 
wird den Gläubigern von der Emittentin in den in § 12 
 
Website of the European Central Bank means (i) the website 
of 
the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
(currently 
at 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html) or any 
successor website of the European Central Bank or the relevant 
successor administrator, as the case may be, or (ii) any other 
screen page as may be nominated by the European Central 
Bank or the relevant successor administrator, as the case may 
be, for the purposes of displaying EuroSTR or EDFR. Any 
such successor website or any such other screen page will be 
notified by the Issuer to the Holders in the media set out in § 12.

--- Page 63 ---
61 
 
 
aufgeführten Medien mitgeteilt. 
[im Falle einer Marge einfügen: Die Marge beträgt [Marge 
einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
[in case of Margin insert: Margin means [insert Margin] per 
cent. per annum.] 
Modifizierter EDFR (EuroSTR) bezeichnet den Zinssatz für 
die Einlagefazilität im Eurosystem (Eurosystem Deposit 
Facility Rate; EDFR) mit Bezug auf jeden (im maßgeblichen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
liegenden) 
T2 
Geschäftstag 
"i"zuzüglich des EDFR-Spread. 
 
Modified EDFR (EuroSTR) means the Eurosystem Deposit 
Facility Rate for any T2 Business Day "i" (being a T2 Business 
Day "i" falling in the relevant Observation Period) plus the 
EDFR Spread. 
T2 Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder Sonntag), an dem das Real-time Gross Settlement System, 
das von dem Eurosystem betrieben wird, (oder ein 
Nachfolgesystem) (T2) für die Abwicklung von Zahlungen in 
Euro geöffnet ist. 
 
T2 Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which the real-time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem (or any successor system) (T2) is 
open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
Zinsberechnungsperiode bezeichnet (i) jede Zinsperiode und 
(ii) gegebenenfalls jeden anderen Zeitraum, in Bezug auf den 
Zinsen zu berechnen sind, d. h. den Zeitraum ab dem ersten Tag 
(einschließlich) des betreffenden Zeitraums bis zu dem Tag 
(ausschließlich), an dem die betreffende Zinszahlung fällig 
wird (wobei es sich hierbei, falls ein Gläubiger seine 
Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit § 9 kündigt 
und deren sofortige Tilgung verlangt, um den Tag der 
Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) handelt). 
 
Interest Accrual Period means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be 
calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day 
of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (which, if a Holder declares its 
Notes due and demands immediate redemption thereof in 
accordance with § 9, shall be the date of redemption 
(exclusive)). 
Zinsperiode 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) (oder im 
Fall der letzten Zinsperiode, dem Fälligkeitstag). 
 
Interest Period means each period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first 
Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest 
Payment Date to (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date). 
Zinssatz für die Einlagefazilität im Eurosystem (Eurosystem 
Deposit Facility Rate) oder EDFR bezeichnet den auf der 
Internetseite der Europäischen Zentralbank veröffentlichten 
Zinssatz für die Einlagefazilität, die Banken nutzen können, um 
Einlagen bis zum nächsten Geschäftstag beim Eurosystem 
anzulegen. 
 
Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate or EDFR means the rate 
on the deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight 
deposits with the Eurosystem and which is published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank. 
[im Falle von Compounded EuroSTR Index einfügen: (d)] 
[im Falle von Compounded Daily EuroSTR einfügen: (c)] 
Finale Ausfallbestimmungen.  Falls die Berechnungsstelle nicht 
in der Lage ist, den Zinssatz gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen in Bezug auf eine Zinsberechnungsperiode 
festzustellen, wie von der Emittentin in Abstimmung mit der 
Berechnungsstelle festgestellt, so entspricht der während der 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungsperiode 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbare Zinssatz dem zuletzt in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen für die letzte 
vorhergehende Zinsberechnungsperiode festgestellten Zinssatz. 
Die Emittentin wird diese Feststellung der Berechnungstelle, 
der Emissionstelle und den Gläubigern mitteilen (im Falle einer 
Mitteilung an die Gläubiger durch Veröffentlichung in den in 
§ 12 aufgeführten Medien). 
 
[in case of Compounded EuroSTR Index insert: (d)] [in 
case of Compounded Daily EuroSTR insert: (c)] Final 
Fallback Provisions.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine the Rate of Interest in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, as 
determined by the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of 
such Interest Accrual Period will be the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. The Issuer will notify such 
determination to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and 
the Holders (in case of a notification to the Holders by 
publication in the media set out in § 12). 
Falls es keine solche vorhergehende Zinsberechnungsperiode 
gibt, so entspricht der während der ersten vorgesehenen 
Zinsperiode auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbare 
Zinssatz dem Zinssatz, der für die erste vorgesehene 
Zinsperiode auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar 
gewesen wäre, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen bereits zuvor 
für einen Zeitraum im Umlauf befindlich gewesen wären, 
dessen Dauer der ersten vorgesehenen Zinsperiode entsprochen 
hätte und der am Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) geendet 
 
If there is no such preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of the first 
scheduled Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first scheduled 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.]

--- Page 64 ---
62 
 
 
hätte.]  
[im 
Fall 
von 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren Referenzzinssatz SOFR ist, 
einfügen: 
 
[in case of Floating Rate Notes whose Reference Interest 
Rate is SOFR insert: 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der für die jeweilige Zinsberechnungsperiode 
anwendbare 
Zinssatz 
(der 
Zinssatz) 
wird 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle auf der folgenden Grundlage bestimmt: 
 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) 
for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Am 
maßgeblichen 
Feststellungstag 
einer 
jeden 
Zinsberechnungsperiode wird die Berechnungsstelle den 
Zinssatz [im Falle, dass keine Marge anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: auf der Basis des] [im Falle einer positiven Marge 
einfügen: als Summe aus dem] [im Falle einer negativen 
Marge einfügen: als Differenz aus dem] Compounded SOFR 
[im Falle einer Marge einfügen: und der Marge] berechnen 
[im Falle einer Marge einfügen: (wobei zur Klarstellung 
festgehalten wird, dass die Marge nicht täglich [aufläuft] 
[abgezogen wird], sondern am Feststellungstag [zu] [von] dem 
Compounded SOFR-Satz [hinzuaddiert] [abgezogen] wird)]. 
 
On the Determination Day of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
Calculation Agent will calculate the Rate of Interest [in case 
no Margin is applicable insert: on the basis of] [in case of a 
positive Margin insert: as the sum of] [in case of a negative 
Margin insert: as the difference between] the Compounded 
SOFR [in case of a Margin insert: and the Margin (which for 
the avoidance of doubt, is not [compounded] [deducted] daily 
but [added to] [deducted from] the Compounded SOFR on the 
Determination Day)]. 
Compounded SOFR bezeichnet [im Falle von Compounded 
SOFR Index einfügen: den Compounded SOFR Index oder, 
falls ein maßgeblicher SOFR-Index-Stand zum maßgeblichen 
Zeitpunkt nicht auf der Internetseite der Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York angezeigt wird, den Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[im Falle von Compounded Daily SOFR einfügen: den 
Compounded Daily SOFR]. 
 
Compounded SOFR means [in case of Compounded SOFR 
Index insert: Compounded SOFR Index or, if any relevant 
SOFR Index value does not appear on the Website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York at the relevant time, the 
Compounded Daily SOFR] [in case of Compounded Daily 
SOFR insert: Compounded Daily SOFR]. 
[im Falle von Compounded SOFR Index einfügen: 
 
[in case of Compounded SOFR Index insert: 
Compounded SOFR Index bezeichnet, vorbehaltlich der 
Anwendung der in Unterabsatz (a) nachfolgend aufgeführten 
Compounded SOFR Index Ausfallbestimmungen, der in 
Unterabsatz (b) nachfolgend aufgeführten Compounded Daily 
SOFR Ausfallbestimmungen und der in Unterabsatz (d) 
nachfolgend aufgeführten finalen Ausfallbestimmungen, in 
Bezug auf eine Zinberechnungsperiode einen Prozentsatz, wie 
von der Berechnungsstelle am relevanten Feststellungstag 
gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet (falls erforderlich, auf- 
oder abgerundet auf einen Hunderttausendstel Prozentpunkt, 
wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird): 
 
Compounded SOFR Index means, subject to the application 
of the Compounded SOFR Index fallback provisions provided 
in subparagraph (a) below, the Compounded Daily SOFR 
fallback provisions provided in subparagraph (b) below and 
the final fallback provisions provided in subparagraph (d) 
below, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, a percentage 
rate, as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Determination Day in accordance with the following formula 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
( SOFR IndexEnd
SOFR IndexStart
−1) × 360
dc
 
 
( SOFR IndexEnd
SOFR IndexStart
−1) × 360
dc
 
Hierbei gilt: 
 
where: 
dc bezeichnet die Anzahl der Tage in dem der betreffenden 
Zinberechnungsperiode zugeordneten Beobachtungszeitraum. 
 
dc means the number of days in the Observation Period 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
SOFR Index bezeichnet für die Zwecke der Bestimmung der 
Compounded SOFR Index und mit Bezug auf einen 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen den vom SOFR-
Administrator auf der Internetseite der Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York um oder gegen 8.00 Uhr (New Yorker Ortszeit) 
an diesem Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen unter der 
Überschrift "SOFR Index" veröffentlichten Wert. Für den Fall, 
dass der vom SOFR-Administrator um oder gegen 8.00 Uhr 
(New Yorker Ortszeit) an einem Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen ursprünglich veröffentlichte Wert nachträglich 
berichtigt wird und dieser berichtigte Wert von dem SOFR-
Administrator um oder gegen 14.30 Uhr (New Yorker 
Ortszeit) 
am 
ursprünglichen 
Veröffentlichungstag 
 
SOFR 
Index 
means, 
for 
purposes 
of 
determining 
Compounded SOFR Index in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the value showing under the heading 
"SOFR Index" as published by the SOFR Administrator on the 
Website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at or about 
8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. In the event that the value originally 
published by the SOFR Administrator at or about 8:00 a.m. 
(New York City time) on any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day is subsequently corrected and such corrected 
value is published by the SOFR Administrator at or about 2:30 
p.m. (New York City time) on the original date of publication, 
then such corrected value, instead of the value that was

--- Page 65 ---
63 
 
 
veröffentlicht wird, gilt der berichtigte Wert anstelle des 
ursprünglich veröffentlichten Wertes als SOFR Index mit 
Bezug auf diesen Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen. 
originally published, shall be deemed the SOFR Index in 
relation to such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
SOFR IndexEnd bezeichnet den SOFR Indexwert an dem Tag, 
der [fünf] [⚫] Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen vor dem 
Tag, an dem die betreffende Zinszahlung für eine 
Zinsberechnungsperiode fällig wird, liegt (oder im Fall der 
letzten Zinsperiode, dem Fälligkeitstag). 
 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Index value on the day 
which is [five] [⚫] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the day on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due relating to any Interest Accrual Period (or in the case 
of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
SOFR IndexStart bezeichnet den SOFR Indexwert an dem 
Tag, der [fünf] [⚫] Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen vor 
dem ersten Tag der relevanten Zinsberechnungsperiode liegt. 
 
SOFR IndexStart means the SOFR Index value on the day 
which is [five] [⚫] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(a) Compounded SOFR Index Ausfallbestimmungen. 
 
(a) Compounded SOFR Index Fallback Provisions. 
Falls SOFR IndexStart oder SOFR IndexEnd an dem relevanten 
Feststellungstag 
nicht 
veröffentlicht 
wird, 
wird 
der 
Compounded SOFR Index von der Berechnungsstelle für die 
relevante Zinsberechnungsperiode, für die der relevante SOFR 
Index nicht verfügbar ist, in Übereinstimmung mit den 
nachfolgend aufgeführten Bestimmungen und gemäß der 
folgenden Formel für Compounded Daily SOFR (falls 
erforderlich, 
auf- 
oder 
abgerundet 
auf 
einen 
Hunderttausendstel 
Prozentpunkt, 
wobei 
0,000005 
aufgerundet wird) berechnet:] 
 
If SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published on the 
relevant Determination Day, Compounded SOFR Index will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period for which the relevant SOFR Index is not 
available in accordance with the provisions set out below and 
the following formula for Compounded Daily SOFR (rounded 
if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):] 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Compounded 
SOFR 
Index 
oder 
Compounded Daily SOFR einfügen: 
 
[in case of Compounded SOFR Index or in case of 
Compounded Daily SOFR insert: 
Compounded Daily SOFR bezeichnet, vorbehaltlich der 
Anwendung der in Unterabsatz [im Falle von Compounded 
SOFR Index einfügen: (b)] [im Falle von Compounded 
Daily SOFR einfügen: (a)] nachfolgend aufgeführten 
Compounded Daily SOFR Ausfallbestimmungen und der in 
Unterabsatz [im Falle von Compounded SOFR Index 
einfügen: (c)] [im Falle von Compounded Daily SOFR 
einfügen: 
(b)] 
nachfolgend 
aufgeführten 
finalen 
Ausfallbestimmungen, 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zinberechnungsperiode den nach der Zinseszinsformel 
berechneten Renditesatz einer Tagesgeldanlage (rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment) während des der 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungsperiode 
zugehörigen 
Beobachtungszeitraums (mit dem täglichen (daily) SOFR-
Wert als Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung), wie am 
maßgeblichen Feststellungstag von der Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet (falls erforderlich, auf- 
oder abgerundet auf einen Hunderttausendstel Prozentpunkt, 
wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird): 
 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, subject to the application 
of the Compounded Daily SOFR fallback provisions provided 
in subparagraph [in case of Compounded SOFR Index 
insert: (b)] [in case of Compounded Daily SOFR insert: (a)] 
below and the final fallback provisions provided in 
subparagraph [in case of Compounded SOFR Index insert: 
(c)] [in case of Compounded Daily SOFR insert: (b)] below, 
with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment during the Observation 
Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the 
daily SOFR value as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Determination Day in accordance with the following formula 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + SOFRi × ni
360
) −1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
 
[∏(1 + SOFRi × ni
360
) −1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
Hierbei gilt: 
 
where: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Tage in dem betreffenden 
Beobachtungszeitraum. 
 
d means the number of days in the relevant Observation 
Period. 
d0 bezeichnet mit Bezug auf eine Zinsberechnungsperiode die 
Anzahl der Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen in dem 
betreffenden Beobachtungszeitraum. 
 
d0 means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period. 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe ganzer Zahlen von eins bis d0, wobei 
jede Zahl für den betreffenden Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen in chronologischer Reihenfolge ab dem ersten 
 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the

--- Page 66 ---
64 
 
 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen (einschließlich) in dem 
relevanten Beobachtungszeitraum steht. 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period. 
ni bezeichnet mit Bezug auf jeden Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen "i" die Anzahl der Tage während des 
betreffenden Beobachtungszeitraums ab dem betreffenden 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen "i" (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
unmittelbar 
folgenden 
Geschäftstag 
für 
US-
Staatsanleihen (ausschließlich). 
 
ni means, in relation to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" the number of days in the relevant 
Observation Period from (and including) the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) 
the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
SOFRi bezeichnet mit Bezug auf einen Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen "i" in dem relevanten Beobachtungszeitraum 
den Referenzsatz, der mit Bezug auf diesen Geschäftstag für 
US-Staatsanleihen SOFR entspricht. 
 
SOFRi means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, the 
reference rate equal to SOFR in respect of that U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i". 
[im Falle von Compounded SOFR Index einfügen: (b)] [im 
Falle von Compounded Daily SOFR einfügen: (a)] 
Compounded Daily SOFR Ausfallbestimmungen.  
 
[in case of Compounded SOFR Index insert: (b)] [in case 
of Compounded Daily SOFR insert: (a)] Compounded Daily 
SOFR Fallback Provisions.  
(aa) Sollte SOFR nicht in Bezug auf einen bestimmten 
Geschäftstag 
für 
US-Staatsanleihen 
innerhalb 
des 
maßgeblichen Beobachtungszeitraums veröffentlicht werden, 
entspricht, 
sofern 
nicht 
sowohl 
ein 
SOFR-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR- Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetreten sind, der SOFR-Satz mit Bezug auf diesen 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen dem SOFR-Satz mit 
Bezug auf den letzten Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen, an 
dem dieser Satz auf der Internetseite der Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York veröffentlicht wurde. 
 
(aa) If SOFR is not published on any particular U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day within the relevant 
Observation Period, unless both a SOFR Cessation Event and 
a SOFR Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of 
SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
shall be equal to the rate of SOFR in respect of the last U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York. 
(bb) Sollte SOFR nicht in Bezug auf einen bestimmten 
Geschäftstag 
für 
US-Staatsanleihen 
innerhalb 
des 
maßgeblichen Beobachtungszeitraum veröffentlicht werden, 
und sind sowohl ein SOFR-Einstellungsereignis als auch ein 
SOFR-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten, wird der SOFR-Satz 
für jeden Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen innerhalb des 
maßgeblichen Beobachtungszeitraums, der auf einen oder 
nach einem solchen SOFR-Einstellungsstichtag fällt, von der 
Berechnungsstelle so bestimmt, als wären Bezugnahmen auf 
SOFR Bezugnahmen auf denjenigen Satz (einschließlich 
etwaiger Auf- bzw. Abschläge oder Anpassungen), der vom 
(i) U.S. Federal Reserve Board oder anderenfalls von (ii) der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder anderenfalls von (iii) 
einem vom U.S. Federal Reserve Board oder anderenfalls von 
der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder einem 
Nachfolger) für den Zweck der Empfehlung einer Ersatzrate 
für den SOFR offiziell bestätigten oder einberufenen 
Ausschuss als Ersatzrate für den SOFR empfohlen wurde 
(wobei dieser Satz von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
oder anderenfalls von einem anderen ernannten Administrator 
erstellt werden kann). 
 
(bb) If SOFR is not published on any particular U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day within the relevant 
Observation Period, and both a SOFR Cessation Event and a 
SOFR Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of 
SOFR for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Observation Period on or after such SOFR 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as if references to SOFR were references to 
the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement rate for SOFR by (i) the U.S. 
Federal Reserve Board or, failing which, (ii) the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or, failing which, (iii) by a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the U.S. Federal 
Reserve Board or, failing which, the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor thereto) for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement rate for SOFR (which rate may 
be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or 
another designated administrator). 
(cc) Sofern ein solcher Satz nicht wie in dem vorstehenden 
Unterabsatz 
(bb) 
angegeben 
vor 
oder 
am 
SOFR-
Einstellungsstichtag empfohlen wird, und kein OBFR-
Einstellungsereignis eingetreten ist, wird der SOFR-Satz von 
der Berechnungsstelle durch entsprechende Anwendung der 
vorstehend aufgeführten Formel für Compounded Daily 
SOFR mit Bezug auf jeden Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen, der auf den oder nach dem SOFR-
Einstellungsstichtag fällt, so bestimmt, als wären: 
 
(cc) If no such rate is recommended as described in 
subparagraph (bb) above prior to or on the SOFR Cessation 
Effective Date and no OBFR Cessation Event has occurred, 
then the rate of SOFR will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by applying the above formula for Compounded Daily 
SOFR mutatis mutandis as if for each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day occurring on or after the SOFR 
Cessation Effective Date: 
(i) Bezugnahmen auf "SOFR" Bezugnahmen auf den 
Tageszinssatz "OBFR". 
 
(i) references to "SOFR" were references to the daily "OBFR";

--- Page 67 ---
65 
 
 
(ii) Bezugnahmen auf "Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen" 
Bezugnahmen auf "New Yorker Bankarbeitstage"; 
 
(ii) references to "U.S. Government Securities Business Day" 
were references to "New York City Banking Day"; 
(iii) Bezugnahmen auf ein "SOFR-Einstellungsereignis" 
Bezugnahmen auf ein "OBFR-Einstellungsereignis"; und 
 
(iii) references to "SOFR Cessation Event" were references to 
"OBFR Cessation Event"; and 
(iv) Bezugnahmen auf den "SOFR-Einstellungsstichtag" 
Bezugnahmen auf den "OBFR- Einstellungsstichtag". 
 
(iv) references to "SOFR Cessation Effective Date" were 
references to "OBFR Cessation Effective Date". 
(dd) Sofern ein solcher Satz nicht wie in dem vorstehenden 
Unterabsatz 
(cc) 
angegeben 
vor 
oder 
am 
SOFR-
Einstellungsstichtag empfohlen wurde, und ein OBFR-
Einstellungsereignis eingetreten ist, wird der SOFR-Satz von 
der Berechnungsstelle durch entsprechende Anwendung der 
vorstehend aufgeführten Formel für Compounded Daily 
SOFR mit Bezug auf jeden Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen, der auf oder nach dem späteren des SOFR-
Einstellungsstichtags und des OBFR-Einstellungsstichtags 
fällt, so bestimmt, als wären: 
 
(dd) If no such rate has been recommended as described in 
subparagraph (cc) above prior to or on the SOFR Cessation 
Effective Date and an OBFR Cessation Event has occurred, 
then the rate of SOFR will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by applying the formula for Compounded Daily SOFR 
mutatis mutandis as if for each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day occurring on or after the later of the SOFR 
Cessation Effective Date and the OBFR Cessation Effective 
Date: 
(i) Bezugnahmen auf "SOFR" Bezugnahmen auf den "FOMC-
Zielsatz"; 
 
(i) references to "SOFR" were references to the "FOMC 
Target Rate"; 
(ii) Bezugnahmen auf "Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen" 
Bezugnahmen auf "New Yorker Bankarbeitstage"; und 
 
(ii) references to "U.S. Government Securities Business Day" 
were references to "New York City Banking Day"; and 
(iii) Bezugnahmen auf die "Internetseite der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York" Bezugnahmen auf die "Internetseite der 
Federal Reserve". 
 
(iii) references to the "Website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York" were references to the "Website of the Federal 
Reserve". 
(ee) Jede Ersetzung des SOFR gemäß den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (aa) bis (dd) bleibt für die verbleibende 
Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibungen wirksam. Die Emittentin 
wird eine solche Ersetzung die Berechnungsstelle, der 
Emissionsstelle und den Gläubigern mitteilen (im Falle einer 
Mitteilung an die Gläubiger durch Veröffentlichung in den in 
§ 12 aufgeführten Medien). 
 
(ee) Any substitution of the SOFR, as specified in 
subparagraphs (aa) to (dd) above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes. The Issuer will cause 
notification of any such substitution to the Calculation Agent, 
the Fiscal Agent and the Holders (in case of a notification to 
the Holders by publication in the media set out in § 12). 
[im Falle von Compounded SOFR Index einfügen: (c)] [im 
Falle von Compounded Daily SOFR einfügen: (b)] 
Definitionen. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gelten 
folgende Definitionen: 
 
[in case of Compounded SOFR Index insert: (c)] [in case 
of Compounded Daily SOFR insert: (b)] Definitions. For the 
purposes of these Conditions the following definitions shall 
apply: 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet mit Bezug auf eine 
Zinsberechnungsperiode 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), der [fünf] [⚫] Geschäftstage für US-
Staatsanleihen vor dem ersten Tag der betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungsperiode liegt (hierbei handelt es sich im Falle 
der 
ersten 
Zinsberechnungsperiode 
um 
den 
Verzinsungsbeginn), bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), der 
[fünf] [⚫] Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen vor (i) (im 
Falle einer Zinsperiode) dem Zinszahlungstag für diese 
Zinsperiode 
oder 
(ii) 
(im 
Falle 
jeder 
anderen 
Zinsberechnungsperiode) dem Tag, an dem die betreffende 
Zinszahlung fällig wird, liegt (ein jeder solcher Tag ein 
Beobachtungszeitraumendtag). 
 
Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Accrual 
Period, the period beginning on (and including) the date which 
is [five] [⚫] U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (which, 
in the case of the first Interest Period, shall be the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date 
which is [five] [⚫] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to (i) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (ii) (in the case of 
any other Interest Accrual Period) the day on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (each such date, an 
Observation Period End Date). 
Feststellungstag 
bezeichnet 
mit 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zinsberechnungsperiode den Beobachtungszeitraumendtag 
für diese Zinsberechnungsperiode. 
 
Determination Day means, in respect of any Interest Accrual 
Period, the Observation Period End Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period. 
FOMC-Zielsatz bezeichnet den vom US-Federal Open 
Market Committee (dem Offenmarktausschuss des US-
amerikanischen Federal Reserve System) festgesetzten und 
auf der Internetseite der Federal Reserve veröffentlichten Ziel-
Zinssatz für kurzfristige Zinsen oder, wenn das US-Federal 
 
FOMC Target Rate means the short-term interest rate target 
set by the U.S. Federal Open Market Committee and published 
on the Website of the Federal Reserve, or if the U.S. Federal 
Open Market Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-
point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the U.S.

--- Page 68 ---
66 
 
 
Open Market Committee keinen Einzel-Satz vorsieht, den 
Mittelwert des vom US-Federal Open Market Committee 
festgesetzten und auf der Internetseite der Federal Reserve 
veröffentlichten Ziel-Zinskorridors für kurzfristige Zinsen 
(berechnet als arithmetisches Mittel der Ober- und 
Untergrenze des Ziel-Zinskorridors (falls erforderlich, auf- 
oder abgerundet auf zwei Dezimalstellen, wobei 0,005 
aufgerundet wird)). 
Federal Open Market Committee and published on the 
Website of the Federal Reserve (calculated as the arithmetic 
average of the upper bound of the target range and the lower 
bound of the target range (rounded if necessary to the nearest 
second decimal place, with 0.005 being rounded upwards)). 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag oder einem Tag, an dem 
die US-amerikanische Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA) (oder ein Nachfolger dazu) 
empfiehlt, die Rentenhandelsabteilungen ihrer Mitglieder für 
den gesamten Tag für den Handel mit US-Staatsanleihen zu 
schließen). 
 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(SIFMA) (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities). 
Internetseite 
der 
Federal 
Reserve 
bezeichnet 
die 
Internetseite des Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System (derzeit https://www.federalreserve.gov) oder eine 
Nachfolge-Internetseite des Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System. 
 
Website of the Federal Reserve means the website of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (currently 
at https://www.federalreserve.gov) or any successor website 
of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
Internetseite der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
bezeichnet die Internetseite der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York 
(derzeit 
http://www.newyorkfed.org) 
oder 
eine 
Nachfolge-Internetseite der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York. 
 
Website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York means 
the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org) or any successor 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
[im Falle einer Marge einfügen: Die Marge beträgt [Marge 
einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
[in case of a Margin insert: Margin means [insert Margin] 
per cent. per annum.] 
New Yorker Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
New York für Geschäfte (einschließlich des Handels in 
Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind. 
 
New York City Banking Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks in New York 
are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits). 
OBFR bezeichnet den Tageszinssatz "Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate", der von dem OBFR-Administrator um oder 
gegen 9.00 Uhr (New Yorker Ortszeit) an jedem New Yorker 
Bankarbeitstag auf der Internetseite der Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York mit Bezug auf den diesem Tag unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden New Yorker Bankarbeitstag veröffentlicht 
wird. Für den Fall, dass der vom OBFR-Administrator um 
oder gegen 9.00 Uhr (New Yorker Ortszeit) an einem New 
Yorker Bankarbeitstag ursprünglich veröffentlichte Satz 
nachträglich berichtigt wird und dieser berichtigte Satz von 
dem OBFR-Administrator um oder gegen 14.30 Uhr (New 
Yorker Ortszeit) am ursprünglichen Veröffentlichungstag 
veröffentlicht wird, gilt der berichtigte Satz anstelle des 
ursprünglich veröffentlichten Satzes als OBFR mit Bezug auf 
den diesem New Yorker Bankarbeitstag unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Tag. 
 
OBFR means the daily overnight bank funding rate as 
provided by the OBFR Administrator on the Website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York at or about 9:00 a.m (New 
York City time) on each New York City Banking Day in 
respect of the New York City Banking Day immediately 
preceding such day. In the event that the rate originally 
published by the OBFR Administrator at or about 9:00 a.m. 
(New York City time) on any New York City Banking Day is 
subsequently corrected and such corrected rate is published by 
the OBFR Administrator at or about 2:30 p.m. (New York 
City time) on the original date of publication, then such 
corrected rate, instead of the rate that was originally published, 
shall be deemed to be OBFR in respect of the New York City 
Banking Day immediately preceding such day. 
OBFR-Administrator bezeichnet die Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York als Administrator des OBFR (oder einen 
Nachfolge-Administrator des OBFR). 
 
OBFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York as the administrator of the OBFR (or a successor 
administrator of OBFR). 
OBFR-Einstellungsereignis bezeichnet den Eintritt eines 
oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse (wie von der 
Emittentin in Abstimmung mit der Berechnungsstelle 
festgestellt und der Berechnungsstelle, der Emissionsstelle 
und den Gläubigern von der Emittentin mitgeteilt (im Falle 
 
OBFR Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events, as determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the 
Holders (in case of a notification to the Holders by publication 
in the media set out in § 12):

--- Page 69 ---
67 
 
 
einer Mitteilung an die Gläubiger durch Veröffentlichung in 
den in § 12 aufgeführten Medien)): 
(i) eine öffentliche Erklärung des OBFR-Administrators, mit 
der dieser bekannt gibt, dass er die Bereitstellung des OBFR 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder 
einstellen wird, sofern es zum betreffenden Zeitpunkt keinen 
Nachfolge-Administrator gibt, der die Bereitstellung des 
OBFR fortsetzen wird; 
 
(i) a public statement by the OBFR Administrator announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; 
(ii) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, durch die mit 
hinreichender Sicherheit bestätigt wird, dass der OBFR-
Administrator die Bereitstellung des OBFR dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, sofern 
es 
zum 
betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
keinen 
Nachfolge-
Administrator gibt, der die Bereitstellung des OBFR 
fortsetzen wird; oder 
 
(ii) the publication of information which reasonably confirms 
that the OBFR Administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide OBFR; or 
(iii) eine öffentliche Erklärung einer US-Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder 
einer 
EU-Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
öffentlichen US-Stelle oder einer anderen öffentlichen EU-
Stelle wie die Europäische Zentralbank oder die European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, der Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (CFTC) oder der Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC), durch die die Verwendung von OBFR 
untersagt wird. 
 
(iii) a public statement by a U.S. or EU regulator or other U.S. 
or EU official sector entity, such as the European Central Bank 
or the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) or the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC), prohibiting the use of OBFR. 
OBFR-Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet mit Bezug auf ein 
OBFR-Einstellungsereignis den Tag, an dem der OBFR-
Administrator die Veröffentlichung von OBFR einstellt, oder 
den Tag, ab dem OBFR nicht mehr verwendet werden darf. 
 
OBFR Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an 
OBFR Cessation Event, the date on which the OBFR 
Administrator ceases to publish OBFR, or the date as of which 
OBFR may no longer be used. 
SOFR bezeichnet für die Zwecke der Bestimmung des 
Compounded SOFR in Bezug auf einen Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen den Tageszinssatz für besicherte Über-Nacht-
Finanzierungen (daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate), 
der von dem SOFR-Administrator zur Verfügung gestellt und 
um oder gegen 8.00 Uhr (New Yorker Ortszeit) an demjenigen 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen, der diesem Geschäftstag 
für US-Staatsanleihen unmittelbar nachfolgt, auf der 
Internetseite der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
veröffentlicht wird. Für den Fall, dass der vom SOFR-
Administrator um oder gegen 8.00 Uhr (New Yorker Ortszeit) 
an einem Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte Satz nachträglich berichtigt wird und dieser 
berichtigte Satz von dem SOFR-Administrator um oder gegen 
14.30 Uhr (New Yorker Ortszeit) am ursprünglichen 
Veröffentlichungstag veröffentlicht wird, gilt der berichtigte 
Satz anstelle des ursprünglich veröffentlichten Satzes als 
SOFR mit Bezug auf diesen Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen. 
 
SOFR means, for purposes of determining Compounded 
SOFR in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate provided by 
the SOFR Administrator, as published on the Website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York at or about 8:00 a.m. 
(New York City time) on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. In the event that the rate originally 
published by the SOFR Administrator at or about 8:00 a.m. 
(New York City time) on any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day is subsequently corrected and such corrected 
rate is published by the SOFR Administrator at or about 2:30 
p.m. (New York City time) on the original date of publication, 
then such corrected rate, instead of the rate that was originally 
published, shall be deemed to be SOFR in relation to such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
SOFR-Administrator bezeichnet die Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York als Administrator des SOFR (oder einen 
Nachfolge-Administrator des SOFR); 
 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York as the administrator of the SOFR (or a successor 
administrator of the SOFR). 
SOFR-Einstellungsereignis bezeichnet den Eintritt eines 
oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse (wie von der 
Emittentin in Abstimmung mit der Berechnungsstelle 
festgestellt und der Berechnungsstelle, der Emissionsstelle 
und den Gläubigern von der Emittentin mitgeteilt (im Falle 
einer Mitteilung an die Gläubiger durch Veröffentlichung in 
den in § 12 aufgeführten Medien)): 
 
SOFR Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events, as determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the 
Holders (in case of a notification to the Holders by publication 
in the media set out in § 12):

--- Page 70 ---
68 
 
 
(i) eine öffentliche Erklärung des SOFR-Administrators, mit 
der dieser bekannt gibt, dass er die Bereitstellung des SOFR 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder 
einstellen wird, sofern es zum betreffenden Zeitpunkt keinen 
Nachfolge-Administrator gibt, der die Bereitstellung des 
SOFR fortsetzen wird; 
 
(i) a public statement by the SOFR Administrator announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide SOFR permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide SOFR; 
(ii) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, durch die mit 
hinreichender Sicherheit bestätigt wird, dass der SOFR-
Administrator die Bereitstellung des SOFR dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, sofern 
es 
zum 
betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
keinen 
Nachfolge-
Administrator gibt, der die Bereitstellung des SOFR fortsetzen 
wird; oder 
 
(ii) the publication of information which reasonably confirms 
that the SOFR Administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide SOFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide SOFR; or 
(iii) eine öffentliche Erklärung einer US-Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder 
einer 
EU-Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
öffentlichen US-Stelle oder einer anderen öffentlichen EU-
Stelle wie die Europäische Zentralbank oder die European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, der Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (CFTC) oder der Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC), durch die die Verwendung von SOFR 
untersagt wird. 
 
(iii) a public statement by a U.S. or EU regulator or other U.S. 
or EU official sector entity, such as the European Central Bank 
or the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) or the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC), prohibiting the use of SOFR. 
SOFR-Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet mit Bezug auf ein 
SOFR-Einstellungsereignis den Tag, an dem der SOFR-
Administrator die Veröffentlichung von SOFR einstellt, oder 
den Tag, ab dem SOFR nicht mehr verwendet werden darf. 
 
SOFR Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a SOFR 
Cessation Event, the date on which the SOFR Administrator 
ceases to publish SOFR or the date as of which SOFR may no 
longer be used. 
Zinsberechnungsperiode bezeichnet (i) jede Zinsperiode und 
(ii) gegebenenfalls jeden anderen Zeitraum, in Bezug auf den 
Zinsen zu berechnen sind, d. h. den Zeitraum ab dem ersten 
Tag (einschließlich) des betreffenden Zeitraums bis zu dem 
Tag (ausschließlich), an dem die betreffende Zinszahlung 
fällig wird (wobei es sich hierbei, falls ein Gläubiger seine 
Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit § 9 kündigt 
und deren sofortige Tilgung verlangt, um den Tag der 
Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) handelt). 
 
Interest Accrual Period means (i) each Interest Period and 
(ii) any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to 
be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first 
day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if a Holder 
declares its Notes due and demands immediate redemption 
thereof in accordance with § 9, shall be the date of redemption 
(exclusive)). 
Zinsperiode 
ist 
jeweils 
der 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zu dem ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) (oder im 
Fall der letzten Zinsperiode, dem Fälligkeitstag). 
 
Interest Period means each period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first 
Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest 
Payment Date to (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date). 
[im Falle von Compounded SOFR Index einfügen: (d)] [im 
Falle von Compounded Daily SOFR einfügen: (c)] Finale 
Ausfallbestimmungen. Falls die Berechnungsstelle nicht in der 
Lage 
ist, 
den 
Zinssatz 
gemäß 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen in Bezug auf eine Zinsberechnungsperiode  
festzustellen, wie von der Emittentin in Abstimmung mit der 
Berechnungsstelle festgestellt, so entspricht der während der 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungsperiode 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbare Zinssatz dem zuletzt in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen für die letzte 
vorhergehende 
Zinsberechnungsperiode 
festgestellten 
Zinssatz. Die Emittentin wird diese Feststellung der 
Berechnungsstelle, der Emissionsstelle und den Gläubigern 
mitteilen (im Falle einer Mitteilung an die Gläubiger durch 
Veröffentlichung in den in § 12 aufgeführten Medien).  
 
[in case of Compounded SOFR Index insert: (d)] [in case 
of Compounded Daily SOFR insert: (c)] Final Fallback 
Provisions. If the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the 
Rate of Interest in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any Interest Accrual Period, as determined by the 
Issuer in consultation with the Calculation Agent, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of such Interest 
Accrual Period will be the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period. The Issuer will notify such determination to 
the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Holders (in 
case of a notification to the Holders by publication in the 
media set out in § 12).

--- Page 71 ---
69 
 
 
Falls es keine solche vorhergehende Zinsberechnungsperiode 
gibt, so entspricht der während der ersten vorgesehenen 
Zinsperiode auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbare 
Zinssatz dem Zinssatz, der für die erste vorgesehene 
Zinsperiode auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar 
gewesen wäre, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen bereits zuvor 
für einen Zeitraum im Umlauf befindlich gewesen wären, 
dessen 
Dauer 
der 
ersten 
vorgesehenen 
Zinsperiode 
entsprochen 
hätte 
und 
der 
am 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) geendet hätte.] 
 
If there is no such preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of the first 
scheduled Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first scheduled 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
[falls ein Mindest- und/oder ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, 
einfügen: 
 
[in case a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
applies insert: 
(3) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz. 
 
(3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest. 
[falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn der gemäß 
den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen] % per 
annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen] % per annum.]  
 
[in case a Minimum Rate of Interest applies insert: If the 
Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than [insert 
Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert Minimum 
Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum.]  
[falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn der gemäß den 
obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] % per 
annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen] % per annum.]  
 
[in case a Maximum Rate of Interest applies insert: If the 
Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the above provisions is greater than [insert 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert Maximum 
Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum.]  
([4]) Verzugszinsen.  Falls die Emittentin die Schuldver-
schreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, wird der ausstehende 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in 
Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen1 
verzinst. Weitere Ansprüche der Gläubiger bleiben unberührt.  
 
([4]) Default Interest.  If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes 
when due, interest shall accrue on the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes from, and including, the due 
date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest 
established by law1. This does not affect any additional rights 
that might be available to the Holders. 
([5]) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags.  Die Berechnungsstelle 
wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der 
relevante Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden 
Zinsbetrag 
(der 
Zinsbetrag) in Bezug auf die festgelegte Stückelung für die 
relevante Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird 
berechnet, indem der Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung 
angewendet wird, dieser Betrag mit dem Zinstagequotienten 
(wie nachstehend definiert) multipliziert und der hieraus 
resultierende Betrag auf die nächste Untereinheit der 
festgelegten Währung gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe 
Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung ansonsten 
gemäß der anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt.  
 
([5]) Calculation of Amount of Interest.  The Calculation 
Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date at 
which the relevant Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
calculate the amount of interest payable under the Notes (the 
Amount of Interest) in respect of the Specified Denomination 
for the relevant Interest Period. The Amount of Interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction (as defined below) and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, with half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  
([6]) Mitteilungen von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag.  Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass die Zinsperiode, der 
Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag und der Zinszahlungstag für die 
relevante Zinsperiode der Emittentin und den Gläubigern (im 
Fall einer Mitteilung gegenüber den Gläubigern durch 
Veröffentlichung in den in § 12 aufgeführten Medien) und 
jeder Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
 
([6]) Notification of Rate of Interest and Amount of Interest.  
The Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest, the Amount of Interest and the Interest Payment 
Date for the relevant Interest Period to be notified to the Issuer 
and to the Holders (in case of a notification to the Holders by 
publication in the media set out in § 12) and, if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time 
 
1 Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte 
über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB. 
 
 
1 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points 
above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank from 
time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code.

--- Page 72 ---
70 
 
 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle 
einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können 
der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich 
angepasst 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede 
solche Anpassung wird baldmöglichst allen Börsen, an denen 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind, 
sowie den Gläubigern (im Fall einer Mitteilung gegenüber den 
Gläubigern durch Veröffentlichung in den in § 12 
aufgeführten Medien) mitgeteilt.  
to time listed, to such stock exchange, as soon as possible after 
their determination. Each Amount of Interest and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
be notified as soon as possible to any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are then listed and to the Holders (in case of a 
notification to the Holders by publication in the media set out 
in § 12).  
([7]) 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von 
der Berechnungsstelle oder dem Unabhängigen Berater für die 
Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
keine 
vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle, alle 
Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der 
vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet weder die 
Berechnungsstelle noch der Unabhängige Berater gegenüber 
der Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle, den Zahlstellen oder den 
Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung oder 
Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten und ihres 
Ermessens gemäß solchen Bestimmungen.] 
 
([7]) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
 
All 
certificates, 
communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained 
for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation 
Agent or the Independent Adviser shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any paying agents and the Holders 
and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the paying agents or the Holders shall attach 
to the Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren Referenz(zins)satz nicht 
EuroSTR oder SOFR ist, einfügen: 
 
[in case of Floating Rate Notes whose Reference (Interest) 
Rate is other than EuroSTR or SOFR insert: 
([8]) (a) Ersatzreferenzzinssatz. Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass 
vor oder an einem Feststellungstag ein Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-
Ereignis eingetreten ist, wird die Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle 
(i) 
den 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz, 
(ii) 
eine 
etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne und (iii) die Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-
Anpassungen zur Bestimmung des Referenzzinssatzes für die 
auf den Feststellungstag bezogene Zinsperiode und jede 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode (vorbehaltlich des nachfolgenden 
Eintretens 
etwaiger 
weiterer 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-
Ereignisse) festlegen und die Emittentin, sofern relevant, und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
darüber 
informieren. 
Diese 
Bedingungen werden mit Wirkung ab dem Relevanten 
Feststellungstag (wie nachfolgend definiert) (einschließlich) 
durch die Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-Anpassungen geändert 
(einschließlich 
einer 
etwaigen 
Änderung 
dieses 
Feststellungstags, 
falls 
die 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-
Anpassungen dies so bestimmen). Der Referenzzinssatz ist 
dann der Ersatzreferenzzinssatz angepasst durch eine etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne. 
 
([8]) (a) Rate Replacement. If the Issuer determines that a Rate 
Replacement Event has occurred on or prior to a 
Determination Day, the Relevant Determining Party shall 
determine and inform the Issuer, if relevant, and the 
Calculation Agent of (i) the Replacement Rate, (ii) the 
Adjustment Spread, if any, and (iii) the Replacement Rate 
Adjustments for purposes of determining the Reference 
Interest Rate in respect of the Interest Period related to that 
Determination Day and each Interest Period thereafter (subject 
to the subsequent occurrence of any further Rate Replacement 
Event). These Conditions shall be amended by the 
Replacement Rate Adjustments with effect from (and 
including) the Relevant Determination Day (as defined below) 
(including any amendment of such Determination Day if so 
provided by the Replacement Rate Adjustments). The 
Reference Interest Rate shall then be the Replacement Rate 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
den 
Gläubigern 
den 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz, die etwaige Anpassungsspanne und 
die Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-Anpassungen unverzüglich nach 
einer solchen Festlegung durch Veröffentlichung einer 
Mitteilung in den in § 12 aufgeführten Medien mitteilen. Zur 
Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass keine Zustimmung oder 
Genehmigung seitens eines Gläubigers für die Wirksamkeit 
des 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatzes, 
einer 
etwaigen 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
der 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-
Anpassungen erforderlich ist. 
 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders by publication of a 
notification in the media set out in § 12 without undue delay 
after such determination of the Replacement Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread, if any, and the Replacement Rate 
Adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, no consent or 
approval of any Holder shall be required for the Replacement 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread, if any, and the Replacement 
Rate Adjustments to become effective.

--- Page 73 ---
71 
 
 
Darüber hinaus kann die Emittentin [falls CBF das relevante 
Clearingsystem ist, einfügen: das Clearingsystem] [falls 
CBL und Euroclear die relevanten Clearingsysteme sind, 
einfügen: die gemeinsame [falls die Globalurkunde(n) im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt und im NGN-Format begeben 
wird 
(werden), 
einfügen: 
Verwahrstelle 
(common 
safekeeper)] [falls die Globalurkunde(n) im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt und im CGN-Format begeben wird 
(werden), einfügen: Verwahrstelle (common depositary)] im 
Namen von CBL und Euroclear] auffordern, diese 
Bedingungen zu ergänzen oder zu ändern, um die 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-Anpassungen wiederzugeben, indem 
sie der Globalurkunde die vorgelegten Dokumente in 
geeigneter Weise beifügt. 
 
In addition, the Issuer may request the [in case CBF is the 
relevant Clearing System insert: Clearing System] [in case 
CBL and Euroclear are the relevant clearing systems 
insert: common [in the case of (a) global bearer note(s) to 
be kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and issued in 
NGN form insert: safekeeper] [in the case of (a) global 
bearer note(s) to be kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs 
and issued in CGN form insert: depositary] on behalf of 
CBL and Euroclear] to supplement or amend these Conditions 
to reflect the Replacement Rate Adjustments by attaching the 
documents submitted to the Global Note in an appropriate 
manner. 
(b) Definitionen. 
 
(b) Definitions. 
Anpassungsspanne bezeichnet eine Differenz (die positiv 
oder negativ sein oder auch Null betragen kann) oder eine 
Formel oder Methode zur Bestimmung einer solchen 
Differenz, 
welche 
nach 
Festlegung 
der 
Jeweiligen 
Festlegenden 
Stelle 
auf 
den 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz 
anzuwenden ist, um eine Verlagerung des wirtschaftlichen 
Wertes zwischen der Emittentin und den Gläubigern, die ohne 
diese 
Anpassung 
infolge 
der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
durch 
den 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz 
entstünde (einschließlich, aber ohne hierauf begrenzt zu sein, 
infolgedessen, dass der Ersatzreferenzzinssatz ein risikofreier 
Satz ist), soweit sinnvollerweise möglich, zu reduzieren oder 
auszuschließen. Bei der Festlegung der Anpassungsspanne 
sind die Relevanten Leitlinien zu berücksichtigen. 
 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive 
or negative or zero), or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Relevant Determining Party 
determines is required to be applied to the Replacement Rate 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
any transfer of economic value between the Issuer and the 
Holders that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Interest Rate against the 
Replacement Rate (including, but not limited to, as a result of 
the Replacement Rate being a risk-free rate). In determining 
the Adjustment Spread, the Relevant Guidance shall be taken 
into account. 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz 
bezeichnet 
einen 
öffentlich 
verfügbaren Austausch-, Nachfolge-, Alternativ- oder anderen 
Referenzzinssatz, 
der 
entwickelt 
wurde, 
damit 
Finanzinstrumente oder 
-kontrakte, 
einschließlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, sie in Bezug nehmen können, um 
einen unter solchen Finanzinstrumenten oder –kontrakten 
zahlbaren Betrag zu bestimmen, einschließlich, aber ohne 
hierauf begrenzt zu sein, eines Zinsbetrags. Bei der Festlegung 
des Ersatzreferenzzinssatzes sind die Relevanten Leitlinien zu 
berücksichtigen. 
 
Replacement Rate means a publicly available substitute, 
successor, alternative or other rate designed to be referenced 
by financial instruments or contracts, including the Notes, to 
determine an amount payable under such financial instruments 
or contracts, including, but not limited to, an amount of 
interest. In determining the Replacement Rate, the Relevant 
Guidance shall be taken into account. 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-Anpassungen bezeichnet 
solche 
Anpassungen dieser Bedingungen, die als folgerichtig 
festgelegt 
werden, 
um 
die 
Funktion 
des 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatzes zu ermöglichen (wovon unter 
anderem Anpassungen der anwendbaren Geschäftstag-
Konvention 
(Business 
Day 
Convention), 
der 
Geschäftstagsdefinition, 
des 
Feststellungstags, 
des 
Zinstagequotienten oder jeder Methode oder Definition, um 
den Ersatzreferenzzinssatz zu erhalten oder zu berechnen, 
erfasst 
sein 
können). 
Bei 
der 
Festlegung 
der 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-Anpassungen sind die Relevanten 
Leitlinien zu berücksichtigen. 
 
Replacement Rate Adjustments means such adjustments to 
these Conditions as are determined consequential to enable the 
operation of the Replacement Rate (which may include, 
without limitation, adjustments to the applicable Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Determination 
Day, the Day Count Fraction and any methodology or 
definition for obtaining or calculating the Replacement Rate). 
In determining any Replacement Rate Adjustments, the 
Relevant Guidance shall be taken in account. 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-Ereignis bezeichnet mit Bezug auf 
den Referenzzinssatz (bzw. für die Zwecke dieses § 3 ([8]) (a) 
und (b) den Ersatzreferenzzinssatz) eines der nachfolgenden 
Ereignisse: 
 
Rate Replacement Event means, with respect to the 
Reference Interest Rate (or for the purpose of this § 3 ([8]) (a) 
and (b), the Replacement Rate, as the case may be) each of the 
following events:

--- Page 74 ---
72 
 
 
(i) der Referenzzinssatz wurde in den letzten zehn 
Geschäftstagen vor und bis einschließlich des relevanten 
Feststellungstags nicht auf der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht; 
oder 
 
(i) the Reference Interest Rate not having been published on 
the Screen Page for the last ten Business Days prior to and 
including the relevant Determination Day; or 
(ii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes, 
dass 
der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht länger repräsentativ ist oder ab einem 
bestimmten Datum nicht länger repräsentativ für den 
zugrundeliegenden Markt, den er abzubilden vorgibt, sein 
wird, und dass diese Repräsentativität nicht wiederhergestellt 
werden wird; oder; oder 
 
(ii) a public announcement by the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate that the Reference Interest Rate is no 
longer representative, or will no longer be representative of 
the underlying market it purports to measure as of a certain 
date, and that such representativeness will not be restored; or 
(iii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
des 
Administrators des 
Referenzzinssatzes, 
dass 
(x) 
der 
Administrator die Veröffentlichung des Referenzzinssatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit beenden wird (wenn kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
ernannt 
worden 
ist, 
der 
die 
Veröffentlichung des Referenzzinssatzes fortsetzen wird), 
oder (y) der Referenzzinssatz dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit eingestellt wird; oder 
 
(iii) a public announcement by the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate that (x) the administrator will cease to 
publish the Reference Interest Rate permanently or 
indefinitely 
(in 
circumstances 
where 
no 
successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue the 
publication of the Reference Interest Rate), or (y) the 
Reference Interest Rate will permanently or indefinitely be 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des Referenzzinssatzes, 
der Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung, eines 
Insolvenzbeauftragten 
mit 
Zuständigkeit 
für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes, 
einer 
Abwicklungsbehörde mit Zuständigkeit für den Administrator 
des Referenzzinssatzes, eines Gerichts (im Fall einer 
rechtskräftigen Entscheidung) oder einer Organisation mit 
ähnlicher insolvenz- oder abwicklungsrechtlicher Hoheit über 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes, 
dass 
der 
Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes die Bereitstellung des 
Referenzzinssatzes dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
beenden wird (wenn kein Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt 
worden ist, der die Veröffentlichung des Referenzzinssatzes 
fortsetzen wird); oder 
 
(iv) a public announcement by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, the central 
bank for the Specified Currency, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Interest 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Reference Interest Rate or a court (in case 
of an unappealable final decision) or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate that the administrator of the Reference 
Interest Rate will cease to provide the Reference Interest Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
the publication of the Reference Interest Rate); or 
(v) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
des 
Administrators des Referenzzinssatzes, dass die Nutzung des 
Referenzzinssatzes allgemein verboten werden wird; oder 
 
(v) a public announcement by the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate that the Reference Interest Rate will 
be prohibited from being used; or 
(vi) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
des 
Administrators des Referenzzinssatzes, dass eine wesentliche 
Änderung der Methode zur Festlegung des Referenzzinssatzes 
vorgenommen werden wird, 
 
(vi) a public announcement by the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate that the methodology of determining 
the Reference Interest Rate will change materially, 
vorausgesetzt, dass ein Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-Ereignis als 
eingetreten gelten soll, (a) im Fall von (iii) und (iv) an 
demjenigen Tag, an dem der Referenzzinssatz beendet oder 
nicht weiter fortgeführt wird, oder (b) im Fall von (v) an 
demjenigen Tag, an dem die Nutzung des Referenzzinssatzes 
verboten wird, oder (c) im Fall von (vi) an demjenigen Tag, 
von dem an die wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
Festlegung des Referenzzinssatzes gilt. 
 
provided that the Rate Replacement Event shall be deemed to 
occur (a), in the case of paragraphs (iii) and (iv) above, on the 
date of the cessation of the Reference Interest Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Reference Interest Rate or, (b) in the 
case of (v) above, on the date of prohibition of use of the 
Reference Interest Rate, or (c) in the case of (vi) above, on the 
date with effect from which the methodology of determining 
the Reference Interest Rate will change materially. 
Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle bezeichnet 
 
Relevant Determining Party means 
(i) die Emittentin, wenn der Ersatzreferenzzinssatz ihrer 
wirtschaftlich angemessenen Meinung nach offenkundig ist 
und als solche ohne vernünftigen Zweifel durch einen 
Gläubiger bestimmbar ist; oder 
 
(i) the Issuer if, in its commercially reasonable opinion, the 
Replacement Rate is obvious and as such without any 
reasonable doubt determinable by a Holder; or 
(ii) andernfalls einen Unabhängigen Berater, der von der 
Emittentin zu wirtschaftlich angemessenen Bedingungen 
 
(ii) failing which, an Independent Adviser, to be appointed by 
the Issuer at commercially reasonable terms, using reasonable

--- Page 75 ---
73 
 
 
unter zumutbaren Bemühungen als ihr Beauftragter für die 
Vornahme dieser Festlegungen ernannt wird. Sofern ein 
Unabhängiger Berater nicht zu wirtschaftlich angemessenen 
Bedingungen unter zumutbaren Bemühungen von der 
Emittentin ernannt werden kann, ist die Emittentin selbst die 
Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle. 
endeavours, as its agent to make such determinations. If the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser at 
commercially reasonable terms, using reasonable endeavours, 
the Issuer itself shall be the Relevant Determining Party. 
Relevante Leitlinien bezeichnet (i) jede auf die Emittentin 
oder die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbare gesetzliche oder 
aufsichtsrechtliche Anforderung oder, wenn es keine gibt, (ii) 
jede anwendbare Bestimmung (insbesondere (jedoch nicht 
beschränkt auf) Bestimmungen gemäß Artikel 23 (2) der 
Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 in ihrer jeweils gültigen 
Fassung), Anforderung, Empfehlung oder Leitlinie der 
Relevanten Nominierungsstelle oder, wenn es keine gibt, (iii) 
jede 
relevante 
Empfehlung 
oder 
Leitlinie 
von 
Branchenvereinigungen (einschließlich der International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) oder, wenn es keine 
gibt, (iv) jede relevante Marktpraxis. 
 
Relevant Guidance means (i) any legal or supervisory 
requirement applicable to the Issuer or the Notes or, if none, 
(ii) any applicable designation (in particulat (but not limited 
to) pursuant to Article 23 (2) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
as amended), requirement, recommendation or guidance of a 
Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, (iii) any relevant 
recommendation or guidance by industry bodies (including by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.), or, 
if none, (iv) any relevant market practice.  
 
Relevante Nominierungsstelle bezeichnet 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means 
(i) die EU-Kommission, die Zentralbank für die festgelegte 
Währung 
oder 
eine 
Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
die 
für 
die 
Aufsicht 
über 
den 
Referenzzinssatz 
oder 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes zuständig ist; oder 
 
(i) the EU-Commission, the central bank for the Specified 
Currency, or any central bank or other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising either the Reference Interest Rate 
or the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate; or 
(ii) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden Ausschuss, die bzw. der 
befürwortet, unterstützt oder einberufen wird durch oder unter 
dem Vorsitz von bzw. mitgeleitet wird durch (v) die EU-
Kommission, (w) die Zentralbank für die festgelegte 
Währung, (x) eine Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, 
die für die Aufsicht über den Referenzzinssatz oder den 
Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes zuständig ist, (y) eine 
Gruppe der zuvor genannten Zentralbanken oder anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder (z) den Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial 
Stability Board) oder einen Teil davon. 
 
(ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed, 
sponsored or convened by or chaired or co-chaired by (v) the 
EU-Commission, (w) the central bank for the Specified 
Currency, (x) any central bank or other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising either the Reference Interest Rate 
or the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, (y) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisors or (z) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
Unabhängiger Berater bezeichnet ein unabhängiges, 
international angesehenes Finanzinstitut oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit anerkanntem Ruf und 
angemessener Fachkenntnis. 
 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or any other independent 
adviser of recognised standing and with appropriate expertise. 
(c) Referenzzinssatz der vorangehenden Zinsperiode. Sofern 
die 
Jeweilige 
Festlegende 
Stelle 
(i) 
einen 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz, eine etwaige Anpassungsspanne oder 
die Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-Anpassungen nicht gemäß § 3 ([8]) 
(a) und (b) bestimmen kann, oder (ii) der Berechnungsstelle 
den Ersatzreferenzzinssatz, eine etwaige Anpassungsspanne 
oder 
die 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-Anpassungen 
nicht 
mindestens fünf Geschäftstage [(wie in § 1 ([7]) definiert)] 
[(wie in § 3 (2) definiert)] vor dem Feststellungstag (der 
Relevante 
Feststellungstag) 
mitteilt, 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz, die Anpassungsspanne oder die 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-Anpassungen 
Anwendung 
finden 
sollen, so ist der Referenzzinssatz in Bezug auf den 
Relevanten 
Feststellungstag 
der 
für 
die 
unmittelbar 
vorangehende Zinsperiode bestimmte Referenzzinssatz (der 
Vorherige Referenzzinssatz). Die Emittentin wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
informieren, 
falls 
ein 
Ersatzreferenzzinssatz, eine etwaige Anpassungsspanne oder 
die Ersatzreferenzzinssatz-Anpassungen nicht bestimmt 
werden konnten und der Vorherige Referenzzinssatz auf den 
 
(c) Reference Interest Rate of the Preceding Interest Period. 
If the Relevant Determining Party (i) cannot determine a 
Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the 
Replacement Rate Adjustments pursuant to § 3 ([8]) (a) and 
(b), or (ii) does not notify the Calculation Agent of the 
Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the 
Replacement Rate Adjustments at least five Business Days 
[(as defined in § 1 ([7]))] [(as defined in § 3 (2))] prior to the 
Determination Day (the Relevant Determination Day) as of 
which such Replacement Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Replacement Rate Adjustments shall apply, the Reference 
Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant Determination Day 
shall be the Reference Interest Rate determined for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period (the Preceding 
Reference Interest Rate). The Issuer will inform the 
Calculation Agent if a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate Adjustments could 
not be determined and if the Preceding Reference Interest Rate 
shall be applied to the Relevant Determination Day. If the 
Reference Interest Rate applicable to any Determination Day

--- Page 76 ---
74 
 
 
Relevanten Feststellungstag Anwendung findet. Wurde der 
für einen Feststellungstag anzuwendende Referenzzinssatz 
unter Verwendung des Vorherigen Referenzzinssatzes 
bestimmt, so finden die Bestimmungen dieses § 3 ([8]) in 
Bezug auf den unmittelbar folgenden Feststellungstag (sofern 
vorhanden) erneut Anwendung.] 
has been determined by applying the Preceding Reference 
Interest Rate the provisions of this § 3 ([8]) shall be applied 
again in respect of the immediately following Determination 
Date (if any).] 
[im Fall von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
[in case of Zero Coupon Notes insert: 
(1) Keine periodischen Zinszahlungen.  Es erfolgen keine 
periodischen Zinszahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest.  There will not be any 
periodic payments of interest on the Notes. 
(2) Verzugszinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschrei-
bungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, wird der ausstehende Ge-
samtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in 
Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen1 
verzinst. Weitergehende Ansprüche der Gläubiger bleiben 
unberührt] 
 
(2) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes 
when due, interest shall accrue on the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes from, and including, the due 
date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest 
established by law1. This does not affect any additional rights 
that might be available to the Holders.] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen sind, die mit 
einem Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[in case of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear 
an interest rate of zero per cent. insert: 
([⚫]) Zinstagequotient.  Zinstagequotient bezeichnet im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Berechnung 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: eines Zinsbetrags] 
[im Fall von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
des Amortisationsbetrags] auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der Zinsberechnungszeitraum) 
 
([⚫]) Day Count Fraction.  Day Count Fraction means, in 
respect of the calculation of [in case of Notes other than Zero 
Coupon Notes insert: an amount of interest] [in case of Zero 
Coupon Notes insert: the Amortised Face Amount] on any 
Note for any period of time (the Calculation Period) 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die keine Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, und falls Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
 
[in case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes and in case 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
1. falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer ist als die 
Feststellungsperiode, 
in 
die 
das 
Ende 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt, 
oder 
falls 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum der Feststellungsperiode entspricht, 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) 
der Anzahl der Tage in der Feststellungsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
 
1. if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Calculation Period 
ends, the number of days in such Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified below) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
2. falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als die Fest-
stellungsperiode, in die das Ende des Zinsberechnungszeit-
raums fällt, die Summe aus 
 
2. if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in 
die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus (x) der Anzahl der Tage in der Feststellungsperiode und 
(y) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr; und 
 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
 
 
1 Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte 
über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB. 
 
1 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points 
above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank from 
time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code.

--- Page 77 ---
75 
 
 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in 
die nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus (x) der 
Anzahl der 
Tage 
in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(y) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine in einem Kalenderjahr. 
 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year. 
Feststellungsperiode 
ist 
der 
Zeitraum 
von 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich); dies schließt dann, wenn 
der Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, den 
Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstermin vor dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn anfängt, und dann, wenn der letzte 
Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum 
ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstermin nach dem letzten 
Zinszahlungstag endet. 
 
Determination Period means the period from, and including, 
a Determination Date to, but excluding, the next 
Determination 
Date 
(including, 
where 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Determination Date, the period 
commencing on the first Determination Date prior to the 
Interest Commencement Date, and where the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the first 
Determination Date falling after the final Interest Payment 
Date, as the case may be). 
Die Anzahl der Feststellungstermine im Kalenderjahr (jeweils 
ein Feststellungstermin) beträgt [Anzahl der regulären 
Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr einfügen] (jeder 
[Datum bzw. Daten des Feststellungstermins bzw. der 
Feststellungstermine einfügen]). 
 
The number of interest determination dates per calendar year 
(each a Determination Date) is [insert number of regular 
interest payment dates per calendar year] (each [insert 
date(s) of the Determination Date(s)]). 
[im Fall von Actual/Actual (ISDA) einfügen: die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 
365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe 
aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl von Tagen in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr fallen, 
dividiert durch 366 und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen 
in dem Teil des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).]  
 
[in case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any calculation portion of that Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365).]  
[falls Actual/365 (Fixed) anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.]  
 
[in case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.]  
[falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360.]  
 
[in case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360.]  
[falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu 
je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, 
während der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder 
auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in 
diesem Fall der den letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als 
ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) 
der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 
letzten Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat 
zu behandeln ist).]  
 
[in case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis applies, insert: the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twleve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day 
of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last 
day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, 
or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of 
the month of February in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).]  
[falls 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu 
je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des 
Datums 
des 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
Tages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, außer dass im Fall des letzten 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag 
des Monats Februar ist, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat 
Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu 
 
[in case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, insert: the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of 
the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the 
case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).]

--- Page 78 ---
76 
 
 
behandeln ist).]  
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) [(a)] Zahlung von Kapital.  Die Zahlung von Kapital auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des 
nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems.  
 
(1)[(a)] Payment of Principal.  Payment of principal on the 
Notes shall be made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant accountholders of the Clearing System.  
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem 
Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, und keine 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen:  
 
[in case of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear 
an interest rate of zero per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes 
insert:  
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen.  Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems.  
 
(b) Payment of Interest.  Payment of interest on the Notes shall 
be made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
accountholders of the Clearing System.  
[im Fall von 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde einfügen: Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe des 
nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3) (b).]] 
 
[in case interest is payable on a Temporary Global Note 
insert: Payment of interest on the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to paragraph 
(2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing 
System, upon due certification as provided for in § 1 (3) (b).]]  
(2) Zahlungsweise.  Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und 
sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen in der 
frei handelbaren und konvertierbaren Währung, die am 
entsprechenden Fälligkeitstag die Währung des Staates der 
festgelegten Währung ist. 
 
(2) Manner of Payment.  Subject to applicable fiscal and other 
laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and 
convertible currency which on the respective due date is the 
currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren festgelegte 
Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: Stellt die Emittentin fest, 
dass es aufgrund von Umständen, die außerhalb der 
Verantwortung der Emittentin liegen, unmöglich ist, auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen am relevanten 
Fälligkeitstag in frei handelbaren und konvertierbaren 
Geldern vorzunehmen, oder dass die festgelegte Währung 
oder eine gesetzlich eingeführte Nachfolge-Währung (die 
Nachfolge-Währung) nicht mehr für die Abwicklung von 
internationalen Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, kann die 
Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen am relevanten 
Fälligkeitstag durch eine Zahlung in Euro auf der Grundlage 
des anwendbaren Wechselkurses erfüllen. Die Gläubiger sind 
nicht berechtigt,  zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf eine solche 
Zahlung zu verlangen. Der anwendbare Wechselkurs ist (i) 
(falls ein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist) derjenige 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten Währung oder 
gegebenenfalls der Nachfolge-Währung, der von der 
Europäischen Zentralbank für einen Tag festgelegt und 
veröffentlicht wurde, der innerhalb eines angemessenen 
Zeitraums (gemäß Bestimmung der Emittentin nach billigem 
Ermessen) vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem relevanten 
Fälligkeitstag lag, oder (ii) (falls kein solcher Wechselkurs 
verfügbar ist) der von der Emissionsstelle nach billigem 
Ermessen festgelegte Wechselkurs des Euro zu der 
festgelegten Währung oder gegebenenfalls der Nachfolge-
Währung.] 
 
[in case of Notes whose Specified Curreny is not Euro, 
insert: If the Issuer determines that it is impossible to make 
payments of amounts due on the Notes in freely negotiable 
and convertible funds on the relevant due date for reasons 
beyond its control or that the Specified Currency or any 
successor currency provided for by law (the Successor 
Currency) is no longer used for the settlement of international 
financial transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment 
obligations by making such payments in Euro on the relevant 
due date on the basis of the Applicable Exchange Rate. 
Holders shall not be entitled to any additional amounts as a 
result of such payment. The Applicable Exchange Rate shall 
be (i) (if such exchange rate is available) the exchange rate of 
Euro against the Specified Currency or the Successor 
Currency (if applicable) determined and published by the 
European Central Bank for the most recent date falling within 
a reasonable period of time (as determined by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion) prior to the relevant due date, or (ii) (if 
such exchange rate is not available) the exchange rate of Euro 
against the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency (if 
applicable) as determined by the Fiscal Agent in its reasonable 
discretion.]

--- Page 79 ---
77 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung.  Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
(3) Discharge.  The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, 
or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Zahltag.  Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten auf einen 
Tag fiele, der kein Zahltag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so 
wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung  
 
(4) Payment Business Day.  If the due date for any payment in 
respect of the Notes would otherwise fall on a day which is 
not a Payment Business Day (as defined below) the due date 
for such payment shall be:  
[falls Modified Following Business Day Convention 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden Tag 
verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde dadurch in 
den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der 
Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um einen 
Zahltag 
handelt 
(Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention).] 
 
[in case Modified Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Payment 
Business Day unless the due date for such payment would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the 
due date for such payment shall be the immediately preceding 
day which is a Payment Business Day (Modified Following 
Business Day Convention).] 
[falls Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden Tag 
verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde dadurch in 
den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird (i) der 
Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um einen 
Zahltag 
handelt, 
und 
ist 
(ii) 
jeder 
nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag (sofern anwendbar) der jeweils letzte Zahltag 
des Monats, der [[relevante Zahl einfügen] [Monate] 
[andere festgelegte Zinsperiode einfügen] nach dem 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag (sofern anwendbar) liegt 
(Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention).] 
 
[in case Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Payment 
Business Day unless the due date for such payment would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) 
the due date for such payment shall be the immediately 
preceding day which is a Payment Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date (if applicable) shall be the 
last Payment Business Day in the month which falls [[insert 
relevant number] [months] [insert other specified Interest 
Period] after the preceding Interest Payment Date (if 
applicable) (Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention).] 
[falls Following Business Day Convention anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem 
es sich um einen Zahltag handelt (Following Business Day 
Convention).] 
 
[in case Following Business Day Convention applies, 
insert: postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business 
Day (Following Business Day Convention).] 
[falls Preceding Business Day Convention anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
auf den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Tag 
vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt 
(Preceding Business Day Convention).] 
 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention applies, 
insert: moved forward to the immediately preceding day 
which is a Payment Business Day (Preceding Business Day 
Convention).] 
Zahltag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), (i) an dem das Clearingsystem geöffnet ist und (ii) 
[der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 definiert) ist] [an dem [falls 
anwendbar, einfügen: Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten 
Finanzzentren 
einfügen] 
Zahlungen 
abwickeln 
und 
für 
den 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [falls T2 geöffnet 
sein soll und bereits definiert wurde: [und] T2] [falls T2 
geöffnet sein soll und noch nicht definiert wurde: [und] das 
Real-Time Gross Settlement System, das von dem 
Eurosystem betrieben wird, (oder ein Nachfolgesystem) (T2) 
für die Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro] geöffnet ist].  
 
Payment Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) (i) on which the Clearing System is open, and (ii) 
[which is a Business Day (as defined in § 1)] [on which [if 
applicable, insert: commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [insert all relevant financial centres]] [in case 
T2 shall be open and has already been defined insert: [and] 
T2 is open] [in case T2 shall be open and has not yet been 
defined insert: [and] the real-time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem (or any successor system) (T2)] 
is open for the settlement of payments in Euro]. 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem 
Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, und keine 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, und falls der 
Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, einfügen: Falls der 
Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben 
beschrieben) [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention 
 
[in case of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear 
an interest rate of zero per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes 
and in case the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, insert: 
If the due date for a payment of interest is [in case Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note 
Business Day Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] [or] [in case 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, Floating

--- Page 80 ---
78 
 
 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
vorgezogen 
wird] 
[oder] 
[falls 
Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note 
Business Day Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention anwendbar ist, einfügen: sich nach hinten 
verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag entsprechend angepasst.]  
Rate Note Business Day Convention or Following Business 
Day Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as described 
above), the Interest Amount shall be adjusted accordingly.] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem 
Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, und keine 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, und falls der 
Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden soll, einfügen: Falls der 
Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben 
beschrieben) [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
vorgezogen 
wird] 
[oder] 
[falls 
Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note 
Business Day Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention anwendbar ist, einfügen: sich nach hinten 
verschiebt], 
wird 
der 
Zinsbetrag 
nicht 
entsprechend 
angepasst.] 
 
[in case of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear 
an interest rate of zero per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes 
and in case the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If the due date for a payment of interest is [in case 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, Floating 
Rate Note Business Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies, insert: brought forward] [or] [in 
case Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention or Following 
Business Day Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted 
accordingly.] 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag der Rückzahlung des Nennbetrags der 
Schuldverschreibungen angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger 
nicht berechtigt, Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Anpassung zu 
verlangen. 
 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal amount of 
the Notes is adjusted the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payments in respect of such adjustment. 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
und 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind, 
und 
falls 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: und Zinsen]. Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen 
auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rück-
zahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 (1) an-
gegeben); den vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldver-
schreibungen (wie nachstehend angegeben); [falls die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig zurückzu-
zahlen, einfügen: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend angegeben);] [falls 
der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen (wie 
nachstehend angegeben);] [im Fall von Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: den Amortisationsbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend angegeben);] 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
und 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: (außer Zinsen)]. 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem 
Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, und keine 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
sind, 
und 
falls 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Bedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
(5) References to Principal [in case of Notes other than 
Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of zero per 
cent. and Zero Coupon Notes and in case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation 
insert: and Interest]. References in these Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable:, the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes (as 
specified in § 5 (1)); the Early Redemption Amount of the 
Notes (as specified below); [in case the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other than 
Reasons for Taxation insert: the Call Redemption Amount 
of the Notes (as specified below);] [in case the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Holder insert: the Put 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified below);] [in 
case of Zero Coupon Notes insert: the Amortised Face 
Amount of the Notes (as specified below);] and any premium 
and any other amounts [in case of Notes other than Fixed 
Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of zero per cent. 
and Zero Coupon Notes: (other than interest)] which may be 
payable under or in respect of the Notes. [in case of Notes 
other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of 
zero per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes and in case the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Reasons of 
Taxation insert: References in these Conditions to interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, 
any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 (1)) which may be 
payable under § 7 (1).]

--- Page 81 ---
79 
 
 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 (1) 
zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 (1) definiert) ein.] 
(6) 
Hinterlegung 
von 
Kapital 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
und 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: und Zinsen].  Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Düsseldorf, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
und 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind, 
einfügen: 
Zins- 
oder] 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht 
innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem relevanten 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die 
Gläubiger sich nicht im Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit 
eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der 
Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal [in case of Notes other than Fixed 
Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of zero per cent. 
and Zero Coupon Notes: and Interest].  The Issuer may 
deposit with the Local Court (Amtsgericht) in Düsseldorf, 
Federal Republic of Germany principal [in case of Notes 
other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of 
zero per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes insert: or interest] 
not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the 
relevant due date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the 
deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, the 
respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall 
cease. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit.  Soweit nicht zuvor bereits 
ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und 
entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen vorbehaltlich 
einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) 
enthaltenen Bestimmungen) zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am 
[im 
Fall 
eines 
festgelegten 
Fälligkeitstags 
diesen 
Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
[im 
Fall 
eines 
Rückzahlungsmonats 
einfügen: 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat einfügen] fallenden Zinszahlungstag] 
(der 
Fälligkeitstag) 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht [falls die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem 
Nennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
einfügen: 
dem 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung] [ansonsten ist der 
Festgelegte Rückzahlungsbetrag für die festgelegte 
Stückelung einzufügen, der nicht niedriger als der 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung sein darf]. 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity.  Unless previously redeemed in 
whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, and subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 (4), 
the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption 
Amount on [in case of a specified Maturity Date insert such 
Maturity Date] [in case of a Redemption Month insert: the 
Interest Payment Date falling in [insert Redemption Month]] 
(the Maturity Date). The Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of each Note shall be [in case the Notes shall be 
redeemed at their principal amount insert: its principal 
amount] [otherwise insert the Specified Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Specified Denomination, which 
shall not be less than the principal amount of the Note]. 
[falls bei den Schuldverschreibungen eine vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
 
[if the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Reasons 
of Taxation insert: 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen.  Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt und nicht teilweise, 
nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als [30] [andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
und nicht mehr als [60] [andere Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß 
§ 12 gegenüber den Gläubigern gekündigt (wobei diese 
Kündigung unwiderruflich ist, den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Tag angeben und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten muss, die die Umstände darlegt, die das 
Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründen) und [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen mit Ausnahme von variabel 
verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: jederzeit] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag] zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
bei 
der 
nächsten 
fälligen 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation.  The Notes will 
be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, [in case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes 
insert: at any time] [in case of Floating Rate Notes insert: 
on any Interest Payment Date] on giving not less than  [30] 
[insert other Minimum Notice Period] days nor more than 
[60] [insert other Maximum Notice Period] days prior 
notice of redemption to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance 
with § 12, to the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable, 
specify the date fixed for redemption and set forth a statement 
in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem), if on the occasion of the next 
payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7 (1) as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or of any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, or

--- Page 82 ---
80 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen verpflichtet ist oder sein wird, 
zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 7 (1) zu zahlen, und zwar als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder 
Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder 
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung 
dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag der 
Begebung wirksam), wobei eine solche Kündigung nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen 
darf, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu zahlen, falls zu diesem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlung fällig wäre. 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change is effective on or after the issue date, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such Additional Amounts were 
a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Die gemäß diesem § 5 (2) gekündigten Schuldverschrei-
bungen werden zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
und 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: zuzüglich etwaiger 
bis zu dem Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen] zurückgezahlt.]  
 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this § 5 (2) will be redeemed at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) [in case 
of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear an 
interest rate of zero per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes 
insert: together with interest, if any, accrued to, but excluding, 
the date of redemption].]  
[falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen 
Gründen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: 
 
[in case the Notes are early redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer for reasons other than for reasons of taxation insert: 
([3]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin.   
 
([3]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) 
gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder 
teilweise an [dem] [den] [im Fall von mehreren Wahl- 
Rückzahlungstagen (Call) einfügen: relevanten] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[en] (Call) zu [dem] [den] [im Fall von 
mehreren Wahl-Rückzahlungbeträgen (Call) einfügen: 
relevanten] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträgen] (Call), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
und 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: , nebst etwaigen bis 
zum [im Fall von mehreren Wahl- Rückzahlungstagen 
(Call) einfügen: relevanten] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen] zurückzahlen.  
 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with 
subparagraph (b), redeem all or some only of the Notes on the 
[in the case of several Call Redemption Dates insert: 
relevant] Call Redemption Date[s] at the [in the case of 
several Call Redemption Amounts insert: relevant] Call 
Redemption Amount[s] set forth below [in case of Notes 
other than Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of 
zero per cent. and Zero Coupon Notes insert: together with 
accrued interest, if any, to, but excluding, the [in the case of 
several Call Redemption Dates insert: relevant] Call 
Redemption Date].  
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträge] (Call) 
 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) einfügen] 
 
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) einfügen] 
 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu 
kündigen, einfügen: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Wahlrechts nach Absatz ([4]) dieses § 5 verlangt hat.]  
 
[in case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder insert: The Issuer may not exercise 
such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under paragraph ([4]) of this § 5.]  
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 12 mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 
[30] [andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die nicht 
weniger als 5 Tage betragen darf] und nicht mehr als [60] 
[andere Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] Tagen und der 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Holders in accordance with § 12 on giving not less than [30] 
[insert other Minimum Notice Period (which shall not be 
less than 5 days)] days nor more than [60] [insert other 
Maximum Notice Period] days prior notice of redemption

--- Page 83 ---
81 
 
 
Emissionsstelle bekannt zu geben, wobei die Kündigung 
gegenüber der Emissionsstelle mindestens [15] [andere 
Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] Tage vor der Kündigung 
gegenüber den Gläubigern zu erfolgen hat). Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben:  
and to the Fiscal Agent (with the notice to the Fiscal Agent to 
be given not less than [15] [insert other Minimum Notice 
Period] days before the giving of the notice to the Holders). 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify:  
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen;  
 
(i) the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurück-
gezahlt wird, und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(ii) whether such series is to be redeemed in whole or in part 
only and, if in part only, the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes which are to be redeemed; 
(iii) den [im Falle von mehreren Wahl-Rückzahlungstagen 
(Call) einfügen: relevanten] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), 
der nicht weniger als [Mindestfrist einfügen] und nicht mehr 
als [Höchstfrist einfügen] Tage nach dem Tag der 
Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf; und 
 
(iii) the [in the case of several Call Redemption Dates 
insert: relevant] Call Redemption Date, which shall be not 
less than [insert minimum period] nor more than [insert 
maximum period] days after the date on which notice is given 
by the Issuer to the Holders; and 
(iv) 
den 
[im 
Falle 
von 
mehreren 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbeträgen (Call) einfügen: relevanten] Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden.  
 
(iv) the [in the case of several Call Redemption Amounts 
insert: relevant] Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed.  
(c) 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen nach den Regeln des relevanten 
Clearingsystems ausgewählt. [falls die Globalurkunde(n) im 
NGN-Format begeben wird bzw. werden, einfügen: Die 
teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern der ICSDs (nach 
deren Ermessen) entweder als "pool factor" oder als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
wiedergegeben 
werden.]  
 
(c) In case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be 
redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System. [in case of Global Note(s) to be 
issued in NGN form insert: Such partial redemption shall be 
reflected (at the discretion of the ICSDs) in the records of the 
ICSDs as either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate 
principal amount.]  
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu 
kündigen, einfügen: 
 
[in case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder insert: 
([4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers.   
 
([4]) Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach 
Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger am/an den [im Falle von mehreren Wahl- 
Rückzahlungstagen (Put) einfügen: relevanten] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[en] (Put) zu [dem] [den] [im Falle von 
mehreren Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen (Put) einfügen: 
relevanten] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträgen] (Put), wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben, 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
und 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: nebst etwaigen bis 
zum [im Falle von mehreren Wahl-Rückzahlungstagen 
(Put) einfügen: relevanten] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen] zurückzuzahlen.  
 
(a) The Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option 
by the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the [in the 
case of several Put Redemption Dates insert: relevant] Put 
Redemption Date[s] at the [in the case of several Put 
Redemption Amounts insert: relevant] Put Redemption 
Amount[s] set forth below [in case of Notes other than Fixed 
Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of zero per cent. 
and Zero Coupon Notes insert: together with accrued 
interest, if any, to, but excluding, the [in the case of several 
Put Redemption Dates insert: relevant] Put Redemption 
Date].  
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Put) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträge] (Put) 
 
Put Redemption Date[s] 
Put Redemption Amount[s] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) einfügen] 
 
[insert Put Redemption Date(s)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) einfügen] 
 
[insert Put Redemption Amounts] 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen vorzeitig rückzahlbar sind oder falls die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
 
[in case the Notes are early redeemable for reasons of 
taxation or in case the Notes are early redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer for reasons other than taxation insert:

--- Page 84 ---
82 
 
 
aus 
anderen 
als 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin 
zuvor in Ausübung [falls der Emittentin nur ein Wahlrecht 
nach diesem § 5 zusteht, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: ihres Wahlrechts] [falls 
der Emittentin mehrere Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 
zustehen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: eines ihrer Wahlrechte] nach 
diesem § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of 
[in case the Issuer is entitled to redeem the Notes early 
pursuant to one of the options set out in this § 5, insert: its 
option] [in case the Issuer is entitled to redeem the Notes 
early pursuant to several of the options set out in this § 5, 
insert: one of its options] to redeem such Note pursuant to this 
§ 5.] 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht 
weniger als [30] [andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, 
die nicht weniger als 15 Tage betragen darf] Tage und nicht 
mehr als [60] [andere Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
Tage 
vor 
dem 
[im 
Falle 
von 
mehreren 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstagen (Put) einfügen: relevanten] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen 
soll, an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
eine schriftliche Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
(Ausübungserklärung) zu senden. Die Ausübung des 
Wahlrechts 
kann 
nicht 
widerrufen 
werden. 
Die 
Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt wird, und (ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern (soweit 
vergeben) 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Für 
die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle in der 
deutschen und der englischen Sprache erhältlich ist und das 
weitere 
Hinweise 
enthält, 
verwendet 
werden. 
Die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt wurde, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less 
than [30] [insert other Minimum Notice Period (which 
shall be not less than 15 days)] nor more than [60 ] [insert 
other Maximum Notice Period] days prior to the [in the case 
of several Put Redemption Dates insert: relevant] Put 
Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be 
made as specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), send 
to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent an early redemption 
notice in written form (Put Notice). No option so exercised 
may be revoked or withdrawn. The Put Notice shall specify: 
(i) the total principal amount of the Notes in respect of which 
such option is exercised, and (ii) the securities identification 
numbers (if assigned) of such Notes. The Put Notice may be 
in the form available from the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent, may be in the German or the English language and 
includes further information. The Issuer shall only be required 
to redeem Notes in respect of which such option is exercised 
against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die keine Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: 
 
[in case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes insert:  
([5]) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag.  Für die Zwecke von 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen vorzeitig rückzahlbar sind, einfügen: diesem § 5 
und] § 9 entspricht der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer 
Schuldverschreibung [dem Rückzahlungsbetrag] [sonstigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen, der nicht niedriger als der 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung sein darf].] 
 
([5]) Early Redemption Amount. For purposes of [in case the 
Notes are early redeemable for reasons of taxation, insert: 
this § 5 and] § 9, the Early Redemption Amount of a Note 
shall be [its Final Redemption Amount] [insert other 
Redemption Amount, which shall not be less than the 
principal amount of the Note].]  
[im Fall von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
 
[in case of Zero Coupon Notes insert: 
([5]) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 
([5]) Early Redemption Amount. 
(a) Für die Zwecke von [falls die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig rückzahlbar sind, 
einfügen: diesem § 5 und] § 9 entspricht der vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
dem 
Amortisationsbetrag der Schuldverschreibung. 
 
(a) For purposes of [in case the Notes are early redeemable 
for reasons of taxation, insert: this § 5 and] § 9, the Early 
Redemption Amount of a Note shall be equal to the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Note. 
(b) Der Amortisationsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung 
berechnet sich nach der folgenden Formel:  
 
(b) The Amortised Face Amount of a Note shall be 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
Amortisationsbetrag = RB x (1 + ER)y,  
 
Amortised Face Amount = RA x (1 + AY)y, 
wobei 
 
where 
RB [Referenzbetrag einfügen] (der Referenzbetrag) 
bezeichnet, 
 
RA means [insert Reference Amount] (the Reference 
Amount),

--- Page 85 ---
83 
 
 
ER [als Dezimalzahl ausgedrückte Emissionsrendite 
einfügen] bezeichnet und 
 
AY means [insert Amortisation Yield expressed as a 
decimal], and  
Y (i) falls der Berechnungszeitraum einem ganzen Jahr 
entspricht, 1 bezeichnet, (ii) falls der Berechnungszeitraum 
mehreren ganzen Jahren entspricht, diese Anzahl an Jahren 
bezeichnet, oder (iii) falls der Berechnungszeitraum nicht 
einem ganzen Jahr bzw. mehreren ganzen Jahren entspricht, 
die Summe aus (a) der Anzahl an ganzen Jahren und (b) einem 
Bruch bezeichnet, dessen Zähler der Anzahl der Tage (auf der 
Grundlage des anwendbaren Zinstagequotienten (wie in § 3 
definiert) berechnet) in dem Jahr, in das der Fälligkeitstag 
bzw. 
(falls 
zutreffend) 
der 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig sind, fällt, bis zu diesem Tag 
(ausschließlich) entspricht und dessen Nenner der Anzahl der 
Tage in diesem Jahr (auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren 
Zinstagequotienten berechnet) entspricht.] 
 
Y means (i) if the calculation period equals one whole year, 1, 
(ii) if the calculation period equals several whole years, such 
number of years, or (iii) if the calculation period equals neither 
one whole year nor several whole years, the sum of (a) the 
number of whole years and (b) a fraction, the numerator of 
which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined in § 3)) in 
the year, in which the Maturity Date or (as applicable) the date 
on which the Notes become due and repayable falls, to (but 
excluding) such day and the denominator of which is equal to 
the number of days in such year (calculated on the basis of the 
applicable Day Count Fraction).] 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [UND] [,] DIE 
ZAHLSTELLE[N] [UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT [AND] [,] PAYING 
AGENT[S] [AND CALCULATION AGENT] 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle[n].  Die anfänglich 
bestellte 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
die 
anfäglich 
bestellte 
Hauptzahlstelle [falls (eine) weitere Zahlstelle(n) ernannt 
werden soll(en), einfügen: und die anfänglich bestellte[n] 
Zahlstelle[n]] [falls eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden 
soll, 
einfügen: 
und 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle] und ihre anfänglich bezeichnete[n] 
Geschäftsstelle[n] lauten wie folgt: 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office[s].  The initial Fiscal Agent 
and the initial Principal Paying Agent [in case (a) further 
paying agent(s) shall be appointed, insert: and the initial 
Paying Agent[s]] [in case a Calculation Agent shall be 
appointed, insert: and the initial Calculation Agent] and [its] 
[their respective] initial specified office[s] are: 
Emissionsstelle und Hauptzahlstelle: 
 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
 
Germany 
[falls eine zusätzliche Zahlstelle ernannt werden soll, sind 
ihr Name und ihre anfänglich bezeichnete Geschäftstelle 
einzufügen] 
 
[in case an additional paying agent shall be appointed 
insert its name and initial specified office] 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen auf die "Zahlstelle", 
schließen die Hauptzahlstelle mit ein. 
 
References in these Conditions to the term "Paying Agent" 
shall include the Principal Paying Agent. 
[falls eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, einfügen:   
[in case a Calculation Agent shall be appointed insert:  
Berechnungsstelle: 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[falls die Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft anfänglich als 
Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, einfügen: 
 
[in case Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft shall be the 
initial Calculation Agent insert: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland] 
 
Germany] 
[falls eine andere Berechnungsstelle ernannt werden soll, 
sind 
ihr 
Name und 
ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle einzufügen]] 
 
[in case a different Calculation Agent shall be appointed 
insert its name and initial specified office]] 
Die Emissionsstelle [und] [,] [die] Zahlstelle[n] [und die 
Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
 
The Fiscal Agent [and] [,] [the] Paying Agent[s] [and the 
Calculation Agent] reserve the right to change their respective 
specified office[s] to some other specified office[s] in the 
same city at any time.

--- Page 86 ---
84 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung.  Die Emittentin 
behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der 
Emissionsstelle 
oder 
einer 
Zahlstelle 
[oder 
der 
Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine 
andere Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen [oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. 
Die Emittentin wird jedoch jederzeit [(i)] eine Emissionsstelle 
unterhalten [und] [,] [(ii)] solange die Schuldverschreibungen 
am regulierten Markt einer Börse notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle 
(die die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle an einem Ort unterhalten, den die Regeln 
dieser Börse oder ihrer Aufsichtsbehörde verlangen] [im Fall 
von Zahlungen in U.S.-Dollar einfügen: [und] [,] [(iii)] falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller 
Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 6 (5) 
definiert) 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der 
entsprechenden Beträge in U.S.-Dollar widerrechtlich oder 
tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York unterhalten] [falls 
eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, einfügen: und 
[(iv)] eine Berechnungsstelle unterhalten]. Die Emittentin 
wird die Gläubiger (durch Veröffentlichung in den in § 12 
aufgeführten Medien) von jeder Änderung, Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder jedem sonstigen Wechsel sobald wie möglich 
nach Eintritt der Wirksamkeit einer solchen Veränderung 
informieren. 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment.  The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any paying agent [or the 
Calculation Agent] and to appoint another fiscal agent or 
additional or other paying agents [or another calculation 
agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a fiscal agent 
[and] [,] [(ii)] so long as the Notes are listed on the regulated 
market of a stock exchange, a paying agent (which may be the 
Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules of such stock exchange or its supervisory 
authority] [in case of payments in U.S. Dollars insert: [and] 
[,] [(iii)] if payments at or through the offices of all paying 
agents outside the United States (as defined in § 6 (5)) become 
illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition 
of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment 
or receipt of such amounts in U.S. Dollars, a paying agent with 
a specified office in New York] [if any calculation agent is 
to be appointed insert: and [(iv)] a calculation agent]. The 
Issuer will give notice to the Holders (by publication in the 
media set out in § 12) of any variation, termination, 
appointment or any other change as soon as practicable upon 
the effectiveness of such change. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin.  Die Emissionsstelle und jede  
Zahlstelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] handeln ausschließlich 
als Beauftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern; es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer.  The Fiscal Agent and any paying 
agent [and the Calculation Agent] act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do not have any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust with any Holder.  
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen.  Alle Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gemacht, 
abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern 
keine vorsätzliche Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und 
kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, jede 
Zahlstelle [, die Berechnungsstelle] und die Gläubiger 
bindend, und, sofern keiner der vorstehend genannten 
Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Emissionsstelle nicht gegenüber 
der Emittentin oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit 
der Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten 
und ihres Ermessens gemäß diesen Bedingungen. 
 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
 
All 
certificates, 
communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained 
for the purposes of these Conditions by the Fiscal Agent shall 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, any paying agent [, the Calculation 
Agent] and the Holders and, in the absence of the aforesaid, 
no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to these 
Conditions. 
[falls die Schuldverschreibungen anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, die gegen eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht werden soll oder falls 
Zahlungen in U.S.-Dollar erfolgen, einfügen: 
 
[in case of Notes which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, which will be exchanged for a 
Permanent Global Note, or in case of payments in U.S. 
Dollars insert: 
(5) Vereinigte Staaten.  Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen 
bezeichnet Vereinigte Staaten die Vereinigten Staaten von 
Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District 
of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake 
Island und Northern Mariana Islands).] 
 
(5) United States.  For purposes of these Conditions, United 
States means the United States of America (including the 
States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands).]

--- Page 87 ---
85 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) Deutsche Steuern. Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
an der Quelle von oder aufgrund von irgendwelchen 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Steuern, 
Abgaben, 
Veranlagungen oder staatlichen Gebühren gleich welcher Art 
zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde derselben 
(einschließlich Körperschaften des öffentlichen Rechts) an der 
Quelle auferlegt, erhoben, eingezogen, einbehalten oder 
veranlagt werden (die Steuern), es sei denn, ein solcher 
Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. [falls die 
Emittentin im Fall eines Steuereinbehalts oder -abzugs 
dazu verpflichtet ist, zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen, 
einfügen: In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin im vollen, 
gesetzlich zulässigen Umfang diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge 
(die zusätzlichen Beträge) zahlen, die erforderlich sind, 
damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlichen Beträge 
besteht jedoch nicht für solche Steuern und Abgaben, die:  
 
(1) German Taxation. All amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes shall be made without any withholding or deduction at 
source for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by way of 
withholding or deduction at source in, by or within the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein (including bodies incorporated 
under public law (öffentlich-rechtliche Körperschaften)) 
having power to tax (the Taxes) unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. [if the Issuer is required to pay 
additional amounts in case of a tax withholding or 
deduction insert: In such event, the Issuer shall, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, pay such additional amounts (the 
Additional Amounts) as may be necessary in order that the 
net amounts received by the Holders after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would 
otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction except that no such Additional 
Amounts shall be payable on account of any taxes or duties 
which:  
(a) deswegen zu zahlen sind, weil die Schuldverschreibungen 
von einem oder für einen Gläubiger gehalten werden, der (i) 
für 
die 
Zwecke 
der 
relevanten 
Steuergesetze 
als 
gebietsansässige natürliche oder juristische Person in dem 
Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat, angesehen wird, 
oder (ii) einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug durch die 
Erfüllung von gesetzlichen Anforderungen oder eine 
Nichtansässigkeitserklärung oder einen ähnlichen Anspruch 
auf Befreiung gegenüber der relevanten Steuerbehörde 
vermeiden kann, solches aber unterlässt, oder (iii) solchen 
Steuern aufgrund anderer Beziehungen zu dem Land, in dem 
die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat, unterliegt als der bloßen 
Tatsache, dass er Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen ist; 
oder 
 
(a) are payable due to the Notes being held by or on behalf of 
a Holder who is (i) for the relevant tax purposes treated as a 
resident individual or corporation of the jurisdiction in which 
the Issuer is incorporated or (ii) able to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by satisfying any statutory requirements or by 
making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claims 
for exemption to the relevant tax authority but fails to do so or 
(iii) otherwise liable to such Taxes by reason of such Holder 
being connected with the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated other than by the mere fact of his being a Holder 
of such Notes; or 
(b) deswegen zu zahlen sind, weil Schuldverschreibungen 
später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der relevanten Zahlung 
oder, falls dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 vorgelegt werden, dies gilt 
nicht, soweit der Gläubiger einen Anspruch auf solche 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
gehabt 
hätte, 
wenn 
er 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen am letzten Tag dieser 30-Tage-Frist 
vorgelegt hätte; oder 
 
(b) are payable by reason of Notes being presented for 
payment more than 30 days after the relevant payment 
becomes due or is duly provided for and notice thereof is 
published in accordance with § 12, whichever occurs later, 
except to the extent that the Holder would have been entitled 
to such Additional Amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(c) deswegen zu zahlen sind, weil eine Schuldverschreibung 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zur Zahlung vorgelegt 
wird; oder 
 
(c) are payable by reason of any Note being presented for 
payment in the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(d) von einer Zahlstelle abgezogen oder einbehalten werden, 
wenn eine andere Zahlstelle die Zahlung ohne einen solchen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt hätte leisten können; oder  
 
(d) are deducted or withheld by a paying agent from a payment 
if the payment could have been made by another paying agent 
without such deduction or withholding; or 
(e) deswegen zu zahlen sind, weil eine Schuldverschreibung 
durch oder für einen Gläubiger zur Zahlung vorgelegt wird, 
der einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt durch Vorlage der 
Schuldverschreibung bei einer anderen Zahlstelle in einem 
 
(e) are payable by reason of any Note being presented for 
payment by or on behalf of a Holder who would have been 
able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the

--- Page 88 ---
86 
 
 
Mitgliedstaat der Europäischen Union hätte vermeiden 
können.] 
Note to another paying agent in a member state of the 
European Union.] 
(2) FATCA. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, von den an einen 
Gläubiger oder einen an den Schuldverschreibungen 
wirtschaftlich Berechtigten unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
zu zahlenden Beträgen die Beträge einzubehalten oder 
abzuziehen, die zur Zahlung etwaiger Steuern (a) gemäß 
Sections 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 
1986 oder damit zusammenhängenden Verordnungen oder 
sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien (die U.S. Bestimmungen), 
(b) gemäß einem Abkommen, einem Gesetz, einer 
Verordnung oder sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien, das bzw. 
die in einem anderen Land besteht bzw. bestehen und der 
Umsetzung der U.S. Bestimmungen dient bzw. dienen (die 
ausländischen 
Bestimmungen), 
(c) 
gemäß 
einem 
zwischenstaatlichen Vertrag zwischen den Vereinigten 
Staaten und einem anderen Land, der der Umsetzung der U.S. 
Bestimmungen dient (der zwischenstaatliche Vertrag), oder 
(d) gemäß einer Vereinbarung, die die Emittentin, eine 
Zahlstelle oder ein Finanzintermediär zwecks Umsetzung der 
U.S. Bestimmungen, der ausländischen Bestimmungen oder 
eines zwischenstaatlichen Vertrags mit dem U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service, der Regierung der Vereinigten Staaten oder 
etwaigen staatlichen Behörden oder Steuerbehörden in einem 
anderen Land geschlossen hat (zusammen mit den U.S. 
Bestimmungen, den ausländischen Bestimmungen und dem 
zwischenstaatlichen Vertrag, FATCA), einzubehalten oder 
abzuziehen sind. Die Emittentin ist nicht verpflichtet, 
irgendwelche 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
aufgrund 
einer 
Quellensteuer, die sie, eine Zahlstelle oder ein Intermediär im 
Zusammenhang mit FATCA einbehält, zu zahlen. 
 
(2) FATCA. The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct 
from amounts payable under the Notes to a Holder or 
beneficial owner of Notes funds for the payment of any tax 
that it is required to withhold or deduct pursuant to (a) sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
and any associated regulations or other official guidance (the 
U.S. Provisions); (b) any treaty, law, regulation or other 
official guidance enacted in any other country which 
facilitates the implementation of the U.S. Provisions (the 
Foreign Provisions); (c) any intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and any other country, which 
facilitates the implementation of the U.S. Provisions (the 
Intergovernmental Agreement); or (d) any agreement 
regarding the implementation of the U.S. Provisions, the 
Foreign Provisions and any Intergovernmental Agreement 
entered into by the Issuer, a paying agent or an intermediar 
with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. government 
or any governmental or taxation authority in any other country 
(together with the U.S. Provisions, the Foreign Provisions and 
the Intergovernmental Agreement, FATCA). The Issuer will 
not be required to make any payment of additional amounts 
for or on account of any withholding tax deducted by the 
Issuer, a paying agent or an intermediary in compliance with 
FATCA. 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Abs. 1 S. 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird 
für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre abgekürzt.  
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 (1) sentence 1 
German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to 
ten years for the Notes.  
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
§ 9 
ACCELERATION 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Der Gläubiger kann durch Kündigung 
– wie in Absatz (2) erwähnt – die Schuldverschreibung fällig 
stellen, und diese wird unverzüglich (außer wenn vor Eingang 
der 
schriftlichen 
Kündigung 
alle 
diesbezüglichen 
Kündigungsgründe geheilt wurden) fällig und zu ihrem 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem Zinssatz von Null 
Prozent 
verzinst 
werden, 
und 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen:  nebst etwaigen bis 
zum Tag der Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen] zahlbar, wenn eines der folgenden Ereignisse eintritt:  
 
(1) Events of Default.  Each Holder may give notice as 
mentioned in paragraph (2) that the Note is, and it shall 
accordingly forthwith become (unless prior to the time when 
such written notice is received all such events of default shall 
have been remedied), immediately due and repayable at its 
Early Redemption Amount, [in case of Notes other than 
Fixed Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of zero per 
cent. and Zero Coupon Notes insert: together with accrued 
interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of repayment,] in 
any of the following events:  
(a) die Emittentin, gleichgültig aus welchen Gründen, mit 
ihren Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschrei-
bungen länger als 30 Tage in Verzug kommt; oder  
 
(a) the Issuer is in default, for any reason whatsoever, for more 
than 30 days in the payment of any amounts due under the 
Notes; or  
(b) die Emittentin mit der Erfüllung irgendeiner ihrer 
Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug 
kommt, und ein solcher Verzug mehr als 60 Tage andauert, 
nachdem von einem Gläubiger über die Emissionsstelle eine 
 
(b) the Issuer is in default in the performance of any of its 
obligations under the Notes and such default shall continue for 
more than 60 days after written notification requiring such 
default to be remedied shall have been given to the Issuer by 
any of the Holders through the Fiscal Agent; or

--- Page 89 ---
87 
 
 
schriftliche Aufforderung zur Beseitigung des Verzugs an die 
Emittentin ergangen ist; oder  
(c) 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
ein 
Konkurs- 
oder 
Vergleichsverfahren gerichtlich eröffnet wird, das nicht 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach dessen Eröffnung aufgehoben 
oder ausgesetzt worden ist, oder die Emittentin ein solches 
Verfahren beantragt oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt; oder  
 
(c) bankruptcy or court composition proceedings are 
commenced before a court against the Issuer which shall not 
have been dismissed or stayed within 60 days after the 
commencement thereof, or the Issuer institutes such 
proceedings or suspends payments; or  
(d) die Emittentin in Liquidation geht, es sei denn, dass eine 
solche 
Liquidation 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Verschmelzung, Konsolidierung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einem anderen Rechtsträger erfolgt, 
dieser 
Rechtsträger 
(der 
Neue 
Rechtsträger) 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt und dass die Pflicht der 
Haftungsbeteiligten der Emittentin, Verluste der Emittentin 
auszugleichen, in entsprechender Weise auch auf den Neuen 
Rechtsträger Anwendung findet.  
 
(d) the Issuer goes into liquidation unless such liquidation is 
to take place in connection with a merger, consolidation or 
other combination with any other entity and such entity (the 
New Entity) assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising 
under the Notes and that the obligation of the liable 
stakeholders 
of 
the 
Issuer 
to 
offset 
losses 
(Verlustausgleichspflicht) of the Issuer will apply mutatis 
mutandis to the New Entity.  
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor 
Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde.  
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation 
giving rise to it has been cured before the right is exercised. 
(2) Benachrichtigung.  Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich 
einer Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Absatz 
(1), erfolgt nach Maßgabe des § 12 (Mitteilungen – Form der 
von Gläubigern zu machenden Mitteilungen). 
 
(2) Notice.  Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes 
due in accordance with paragraph (1), shall be made in 
accordance with § 12 (Notices – Form of Notices to Be Given 
by any Holder).  
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Ersetzung.  Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger einen anderen Rechtsträger an 
ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin (die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) 
für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, 
dass: 
 
(1) Substitution.  The Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Holders, at any time substitute for the Issuer any entity as 
principal debtor (the Substitute Debtor) in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes 
provided that:  
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt;  
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes;  
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmi-
gungen erhalten hat und berechtigt ist, an die Emissionsstelle 
die zur Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der hierin 
festgelegten Währung zu zahlen;  
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary 
authorisations and may transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the 
currency required hereunder all amounts required for the 
fulfillment of the payment obligations arising under the Notes;  
(c) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern 
die 
Zahlung 
aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge 
zu 
Bedingungen 
garantiert, 
die 
sicherstellen, dass jeder Gläubiger wirtschaftlich mindestens 
so gestellt wird, wie er ohne eine Ersetzung stehen würde.  
 
(c) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in 
favour of each Holder the payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes on terms which 
ensure that each Holder will be put in an economic position 
that is at least as favourable as that which would have existed 
if the substitution had not taken place. 
Eine Ersetzung gemäß den vorstehenden Bedingungen darf 
nicht erfolgen, wenn in der Folge einer solchen Ersetzung die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
nicht 
durch 
eine 
Pflicht 
der 
Haftungsbeteiligten 
der 
Emittentin 
unterstützt 
würde, 
Verluste der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auszugleichen, die mit der 
Pflicht der Haftungsbeteiligten der Emittentin, Verluste der 
Emittentin 
auszugleichen, 
vergleichbar 
wäre. 
Die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin hat der Emissionsstelle ein oder 
mehrere Rechtsgutachten von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten 
vorzulegen, die bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b) und (c) erfüllt wurden und 
 
A substitution pursuant to the preceding provisions may not 
be made if, following such substitution, the Substitute Debtor 
would not benefit from an obligation of the liable stakeholders 
of the Issuer to offset losses of the Substitute Debtor 
comparable to such liable stakeholders' obligation to offset 
losses of the Issuer. The Substitute Debtor shall provide the 
Fiscal Agent with an opinion or opinions of lawyers of 
recognised standing confirming that the provisions set out in 
subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) above are fulfilled and that the 
obligation of the liable stakeholders of the Issuer to offset 
losses of the Issuer set out in this paragraph exists.

--- Page 90 ---
88 
 
 
die 
in 
diesem 
Absatz 
aufgeführte 
Pflicht 
der 
Haftungsbeteiligten 
der 
Emittentin, 
Verluste 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auszugleichen, besteht. 
(2) Bekanntmachung.  Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 12 bekannt 
zu machen.  
 
(2) Notice.  Notice of any such substitution shall be published 
in accordance with § 12.  
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen.  Im Falle einer Ersetzung gilt 
jede Bezugnahme in diesen Bedingungen auf die Emittentin 
ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in 
dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab 
diesem Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. Des 
Weiteren gilt im Falle einer Ersetzung, wenn die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin weder ihren Sitz noch ihren Steuersitz 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland hat, Folgendes:  
 
(3) Change of References.  In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Issuer 
shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor 
and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is 
domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on 
be deemed to refer to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the 
event of such substitution and where the Substitute Debtor is 
not domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in the Federal 
Republic of Germany the following shall apply:  
[(a)] in § 7 (1) [falls vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuer-
lichen Gründen anwendbar ist, einfügen: und § 5 (2) ] gilt 
eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnah-
me nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in 
dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat 
[;] [.]  
 
[(a)] in § 7 (1) [if Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
for Reasons of Taxation insert: and § 5 (2)] an alternative 
reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed 
to have been included in addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence 
for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor[;] [.]  
(b) in § 9 (1) (c) und (d) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf 
die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin);  
 
(b) in § 9 (1) (c) and (d) an alternative reference to the Issuer 
in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have been 
included in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor;  
(c) in § 9 (1) gilt ein weiterer Kündigungsgrund als 
aufgenommen, der dann besteht, wenn die Garantie gemäß 
Absatz (1) (c) aus irgendeinem Grund nicht mehr gilt.  
 
(c) in § 9 (1) a further event of default shall be deemed to have 
been included; such event of default shall exist in case the 
Guarantee pursuant to paragraph (1) (c) is or becomes invalid 
for any reasons.  
§ 11 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
§ 11 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, PURCHASES 
AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) 
Begebung 
weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
Begebung [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die keine 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die mit einem 
Zinssatz von Null Prozent verzinst werden, und keine 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: , des 
Verzinsungsbeginns, des ersten Zinszahlungstags] und/oder 
des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden.  
 
(1) Further Issues of Notes.  The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes having 
the same terms as the Notes in all respects (if so applicable, 
except for the issue date, [in case of Notes other than Fixed 
Rate Notes which bear an interest rate of zero per cent. 
and Zero Coupon Notes insert: interest commencement 
date, first interest payment date] and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single series with the Notes.  
(2) Ankauf.  Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der 
Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
 
(2) Purchases.  The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise at any price. Notes purchased by 
the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.  
(3) 
Entwertung. 
 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
getilgten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu entwerten und 
können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden.  
 
(3) Cancellation.  All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold.

--- Page 91 ---
89 
 
 
§ 12 
MITTEILUNGEN 
 
§ 12 
NOTICES 
[falls die Schuldverschreibungen an dem regulierten 
Markt einer Wertpapierbörse notiert werden, einfügen: 
 
[if the Notes are listed on the regulated market of a stock 
exchange insert: 
(1) Veröffentlichung.  Solange dies gesetzlich erforderlich ist, 
werden 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen im Bundesanzeiger bzw. einem entsprechenden 
Nachfolgemedium und, soweit darüber hinaus gesetzlich 
erforderlich, in weiteren gesetzlich bestimmten Medien 
veröffentlicht. 
[falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen am 
geregelten Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel zugelassen werden, einfügen: Solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
zum Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind und die 
Regeln der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse dies verlangen, 
werden 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen auch auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse (www.luxse.com)] veröffentlicht.] Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen am 
dritten Tag nach der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt.  
 
(1) Publication.  As long as legally required, all notices 
concerning the Notes shall be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) or any comparable successor media, and if 
additionally required by law, in such other media as 
determined by law. [if the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange insert: As long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, 
all notices regarding the Notes shall also be published on the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).] Any notice so given will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day following the date of 
such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third 
day following the date of the first such publication).  
(2) Übermittlung von Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem.  
Solange 
die 
Globalurkunde 
insgesamt 
von 
dem 
Clearingsystem oder im Namen des Clearingsystems gehalten 
wird, und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach 
Absatz (1) rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in den in Absatz 
(1) genannten Medien durch Übermittlung der maßgeblichen 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
(2) Delivery of Notices to the Clearing System.  As long as the 
Global Note is held in its entirety by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System and, if the publication of notices pursuant to 
paragraph (1) is no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in 
lieu of publication in the media set forth in paragraph (1), 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders 
on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was 
delivered to the Clearing System.] 
[falls die Schuldverschreibungen nicht an dem geregelten 
Markt einer Wertpapierbörse notiert werden, einfügen: 
 
[if the Notes are not listed on the regulated market of a 
stock exchange insert: 
(1) Übermittlung von Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
Die Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
(1) Delivery of Notices to the Clearing System. The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said 
notice was delivered to the Clearing System.] 
([⚫]) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden Mitteilungen.  
Sofern in diesen Bedingungen nicht anders bestimmt, gelten 
die Schuldverschreibungen betreffende Mitteilungen der 
Gläubiger an die Emittentin als wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie der 
Emittentin oder der Emissionsstelle (zur Weiterleitung an die 
Emittentin) in Textform oder in schriftlicher Form in der 
deutschen oder englischen Sprache persönlich übergeben oder 
per Brief übersandt werden. Der Gläubiger muss einen die 
Emittentin zufriedenstellenden Nachweis über die von ihm 
gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erbringen. 
Dieser 
Nachweis kann (i) in Form einer Bestätigung durch das 
Clearingsystem oder die Depotbank, bei der der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, 
dass der Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Gläubiger 
der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist, oder (ii) auf jede 
 
([⚫]) Form of Notices to Be Given by any Holder.  Unless 
stipulated differently in these Conditions, notices regarding 
the Notes which are to be given by any Holder to the Issuer 
shall be validly given if delivered in text format (Textform) or 
in writing in the German or English language to the Issuer or 
the Fiscal Agent (for onward delivery to the Issuer) and by 
hand or mail. The Holder shall provide evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer of its holding of the Notes. Such evidence may be 
(i) in the form of a certification from the Clearing System or 
the Custodian with which the Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes that such Holder is, at the time 
such notice is given, the Holder of the relevant Notes, or (ii) 
in any other appropriate manner. For purposes of the 
foregoing, Custodian means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in

--- Page 92 ---
90 
 
 
andere geeignete Weise erfolgen. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet Depotbank jede Bank oder ein son-
stiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich 
des 
Clearingsystems.] 
securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System.] 
[falls 
die 
Bestimmungen 
des 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes in Bezug auf die Änderung 
von Emissionsbedingungen und die Bestellung eines 
gemeinsamen Vertreters Anwendung finden sollen, 
einfügen: 
 
[if the provisions of the German Act on Debt Securities 
regarding the amendment of terms and conditions and the 
appointment of a joint representative shall apply, insert: 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
§ 13 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Gläubiger können gemäß 
den Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Gesamtemissionen (das Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) 
durch einen Beschluss mit der im nachstehenden Absatz (2) 
bestimmten 
Mehrheit 
über 
einen 
im 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz zugelassenen Gegenstand eine 
Änderung der Bedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. 
Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger 
gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der 
Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger 
vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, die benachteiligten 
Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the 
German 
Act 
on 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen; the Act on 
Debt Securities) the Holders may agree with the Issuer on 
amendments of the Conditions with regard to matters 
permitted by the Act on Debt Securities by resolution with the 
majority specified in paragraph (2) below. Majority 
resolutions of the Holders shall be binding on all Holders 
alike. A majority resolution of the Holders which does not 
provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void, unless 
Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to 
their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit 
einer Mehrheit von 75 % (Qualifizierte Mehrheit) der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte über wesentliche 
Änderungen der Bedingungen, insbesondere über die in § 5 
Absatz 3 des Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes aufgeführten 
Maßnahmen. Beschlüsse, durch die der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Bedingungen nicht geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit 
einer 
einfachen 
Mehrheit 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte.  
 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions relating to material 
amendments of the Conditions, in particular consents to the 
measures set out in § 5 (3) of the Act on Debt Securities shall 
be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified 
Majority) of the votes cast. Resolutions relating to 
amendments of the Conditions which are not material require 
a simple majority of the votes cast.  
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen 
werden ausschließlich im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung durchgeführt. Eine Gläubigerversammlung und 
eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche Versammlung 
durch die Emittentin findet ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 
Absatz 4 Satz 2 Schuldverschreibungsgesetz statt. 
 
(3) Vote Taken without a Meeting. All votes will be taken 
exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. A meeting of 
Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such 
a meeting will only take place in the circumstances set out in 
§ 18 (4) sentence 2 of the Act on Debt Securities. 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von 
einem von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der 
gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, vom 
gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary 
appointed by the Issuer or, if the Joint Representative (as 
defined below) has convened the vote, by the Joint 
Representative. 
(5) Stimmrecht. Jeder Gläubiger nimmt an Abstimmungen 
nach Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils 
seiner 
Berechtigung 
an 
den 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
(5) Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall 
cast its vote in accordance with the nominal amount or the 
notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
(6) Joint Representative. 
[falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Bedingungen 
bestellt wird, einfügen: Die Gläubiger können durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter (der gemeinsame Vertreter) für alle 
Gläubiger bestellen.] 
 
[if no Joint Representative is designated in the Conditions, 
insert: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a joint 
representative (the Joint Representative) to exercise the 
Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder.]

--- Page 93 ---
91 
 
 
[falls ein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Bedingungen 
bestellt wird, einfügen: Gemeinsamer Vertreter (der 
gemeinsame Vertreter) für alle Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung 
ihrer Rechte ist [⚫]. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, 
es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder 
grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
[if the Joint Representative is appointed in the Conditions, 
insert: The joint representative (the Joint Representative) to 
exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder shall be 
[⚫]. The liability of the Joint Representative shall be limited 
to ten times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Joint Representative has acted willfully or with gross 
negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, 
welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die Weisungen 
der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen 
Gläubiger zur selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte 
nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame 
Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung 
und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
gelten 
die 
Vorschriften 
des 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
 
The Joint Representative shall have the duties and powers 
provided by law or granted by majority resolution of the 
Holders. The Joint Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Joint 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of 
the Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such 
rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Joint Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations 
of the Act on Debt Securities apply with regard to the recall 
and the other rights and obligations of the Joint 
Representative. 
(7) Anmeldung.  Die Teilnahme an einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung oder einer Gläubigerversammlung im Fall des 
§ 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und die 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte setzen voraus, dass sich die 
Gläubiger vor der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung oder der 
Gläubigerversammlung anmelden. 
 
(7) Registration. In order to participate in a vote taken without 
a meeting or a meeting of Holders taking place in the 
circumstances set out in § 18 (4) sentence 2 of the Act on Debt 
Securities and to exercise any voting rights the Holders must 
be registered prior to the vote taken without a meeting or the 
meeting of Holders taking place.  
(8) Nachweis der Teilnahmeberechtigung.  Der Nachweis der 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung oder der Gläubigerversammlung im Fall des § 
18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und zur 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist durch eine Bestätigung der 
Depotbank des Gläubigers gemäß Bedingung [14] (4) zu 
erbringen, 
aus 
der 
sich 
ergeben 
muss, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen des Gläubigers von dem zweiten Tag 
vor (i) dem für eine Abstimmung ohne Versammlung fest-
gelegten Zeitraum bzw. (ii) der Gläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) bis zu (i) dem letzten Tag des für eine 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung festgelegten Zeitraums bzw. 
(ii) dem Tag der Gläubigerversammlung (einschließlich) 
gesperrt gehalten werden.] 
 
(8) Proof of Eligibility. In order to participate in a vote taken 
without a meeting or a meeting of Holders taking place in the 
circumstances set out in § 18 (4) sentence 2 of the Act on Debt 
Securities and to exercise any voting rights the Holder must 
prove its eligibility by means of a confirmation from its 
Custodian pursuant to Condition [14] (4). Such confirmation 
must state that the Notes of the Holder cannot be transferred 
from, and including, the second day prior to (i) the period set 
for the vote taken without a meeting or (ii) the meeting of 
Holders to, and including, (i) the end of the period set for the 
vote taken without a meeting or (ii) the meeting of Holders.] 
§ [14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
ERFÜLLUNGSORT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
PERFORMANCE, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND 
ENFORCEMENT 
(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht und sollen ausschließlich nach 
deutschem Recht ausgelegt werden. 
 
(1) Applicable Law.  The Notes, as to form and content, and 
all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, shall 
be governed by, and shall be construed exclusively in 
accordance with, German law. 
(2) Erfüllungsort.  Erfüllungsort ist Düsseldorf. 
 
(2) Place of Performance.  Place of performance shall be 
Düsseldorf.  
(3) Gerichtsstand.  Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
(die 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten) sind die Gerichte in Düsseldorf. Die 
Zuständigkeit der Gerichte in Düsseldorf ist ausschließlich, 
soweit es sich um Rechtsstreitigkeiten handelt, die von 
 
(3) Place of Jurisdiction.  The courts in Düsseldorf shall have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings (the Proceedings) arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes. The jurisdiction of the courts in Düsseldorf 
shall be exclusive if Proceedings are brought by merchants 
(Kaufleute), legal entities under public law (juristische

--- Page 94 ---
92 
 
 
Kaufleuten, juristischen Personen des öffentlichen Rechts, 
öffentlich-rechtlichen Sondervermögen oder von Personen 
ohne allgemeinen Gerichtsstand in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland angestrengt werden.  
Personen des öffentlichen Rechts), special assets under public 
law (öffentlich-rechtliche Sondervermögen) and persons not 
subject to the general jurisdiction of the courts of the Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany 
(Personen 
ohne 
allgemeinen 
Gerichtsstand in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland).  
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung.  Jeder Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen, der diese über ein Clearingsystem 
hält, ist berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der der 
Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) 
er bringt eine Depotbescheinigung zur Rechtsausübung 
gemäß § 6 Absatz 2 des Depotgesetzes bei; oder (ii) auf jede 
andere Weise, die im Lande der Geltendmachung zur 
Beweiserbringung prozessual zulässig ist.  
 
(4) Enforcement.  Any Holder of Notes held through a 
Clearing System may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or 
to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on 
the basis of (i) a deposit certificate for exercise of rights 
(Depotbescheinigung zur Rechtsausübung) pursuant to § 6 (2) 
of the German Safe Custody Act (Depotgesetz); or (ii) any 
other means of proof permitted in legal proceedings in the 
country of enforcement. 
§ [15] 
SPRACHE 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
[falls der deutsche Text bindend sein soll, einfügen: Diese 
Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. [falls eine 
englischsprachige Übersetzung beigefügt wird, einfügen: 
Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der 
deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.]] 
 
[in case the German text shall be binding insert: These 
Conditions are written in the German language [in case an 
English language translation shall be provided, insert: and 
provided with an English language translation. The German 
text shall be prevailing and binding. The English language 
translation shall be non-binding].] 
[falls der englische Text bindend sein soll, einfügen: Diese 
Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. [falls eine 
deutschsprachige Übersetzung beigefügt wird, einfügen: 
Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der 
englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]] 
 
[in case the English text shall be binding insert: These 
Conditions are written in the English language [in case a 
German language translation shall be provided, insert: 
and provided with a German language translation. The English 
text shall be prevailing and binding. The German language 
translation shall be non-binding.]]

--- Page 95 ---
93 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
Erste Abwicklungsanstalt (EAA or the Issuer) was formed on 11th December, 2009 with the task of acquiring from WestLB AG 
(WestLB) (now Portigon AG) and its subsidiaries and winding up a portfolio of risk assets (Risikopositionen) and non-strategic 
businesses/assets (nichtstrategienotwendige Geschäftsbereiche) that comprised loans, public finance securities, other tradable 
securities and structured credit products. 
The Issuer's legal and commercial name is Erste Abwicklungsanstalt; its formation was entered into the commercial register of the 
Local Court of Düsseldorf on 23rd December, 2009. 
WestLB (operating under the name of Portigon AG (Portigon) since 2nd July, 2012) transferred its risk assets and non-strategic 
businesses/assets to the Issuer in three stages: 
On 23rd December, 2009, the first portfolio of structured securities (also referred to as the § 8 Portfolio) was spun off with retroactive 
effect, for accounting purposes, as of 1st January, 2009. The transaction was effected by way of a spin-off for acquisition (Abspaltung 
zur Aufnahme) pursuant to section 123 (2) no. 1 of the German Reorganisation Act (Umwandlungsgesetz) in conjunction with section 
8a (8) of the German Act for Establishing a Financial Market and a Economic Stabilisation Fund – Stabilisation Fund Act (Gesetz zur 
Errichtung eines Finanzmarkt- und eines Wirtschaftsstabilisierungsfonds – Stabilisierungsfondsgesetz; the StFG (until 17th July, 2020 
abbreviated as FMStFG)). 
The second portfolio which consisted in particular of loans, securities, structured securities and equity investments, and liabilities (also 
referred to as the Main Portfolio and, together with the § 8 Portfolio, the Portfolio), was transferred to the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
on 30th April, 2010 with retroactive effect, for accounting purposes, as of 1st January, 2010. The assets and liabilities of the Main 
Portfolio were transferred partly by a spin-off for acquisition, partly by way of other transfer forms such as sub-participations, asset 
transfers and guarantees. The spin-offs generated a total of Euro 3.1 billion in equity for EAA. 
The aggregate nominal value of the Portfolio as at 1st January, 2010 amounted to approximately Euro 77.5 billion of assets. EAA's 
capital resources consisted initially of Euro 3.1 billion in equity and guarantees in favour of EAA from its stakeholders the State of 
North Rhine-Westphalia, the Westfälisch-Lippischer Sparkassen- und Giroverband (also known as Sparkassenverband Westfalen-
Lippe), the Rheinischer Sparkassen- und Giroverband, the Landschaftsverband Rheinland and the Landschaftsverband Westfalen-
Lippe. 
With retroactive effect as of 1st January, 2012 (with respect to assets held in Portigon's banking book) and as of 1st July, 2012 (with 
respect to assets held in Portigon's trading book and assets held in Portigon's banking book acquired by Portigon after 31st December, 
2011) Portigon transferred (economically and/or legally) further risk assets and non-strategic businesses/assets to the Issuer (also 
referred to as the Follow-up Portfolio) which in total comprise all assets held by Portigon, excluding certain assets which have been 
transferred to Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale (Helaba) via a newly established limited partnership, assets which Portigon 
has disposed of prior to 30th June, 2012, and certain assets remaining at Portigon which Portigon requires for transforming its banking 
business to a financial servicing business (including all employee-related assets and liabilities to the extent not transferred to Helaba). 
The Follow-up Portfolio comprised credit business assets, securities and derivative contracts. The liabilities comprised funding 
liabilities and trading book liabilities. 
EAA's total assets as of 31st December, 2022 amounted to Euro 15.7 billion (31st December, 2021: Euro 24.2 billion). Its business 
volume, which also includes off-balance sheet items, amounted to Euro 16.8 billion (not incl. subsidiaries) (31st December, 2021: Euro 
25.7 billion (not incl. subsidiaries)). The nominal volume of the banking book taken on by EAA (incl. subsidiaries) decreased by 25.9 
per cent.1 and the nominal value of the trading portfolio taken on by EAA decreased by 13.6 per cent.2 by 31st December, 2022 in 
comparision to 31st December, 2021. 
Legal Form 
EAA is a structurally and financially independent public law entity with partial legal capacity (teilrechtsfähige Anstalt des öffentlichen 
Rechts) operating under the umbrella of the Federal Agency for Financial Market Stabilisation (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzmarktstabilisierung; the FMSA). The EAA is a federal winding-up agency (Abwicklungsanstalt) within the meaning of section 
8a (1) sentence 1 of the StFG. 
The FMSA was acting in the name and on behalf of the German Financial Market Stabilisation Fund (Sonderfonds für 
Finanzmarktstabilisierung; the Fund) from the time it was set up by the Federal Republic of Germany until effectiveness of the transfer 
of its public ownership (Trägerschaft) to the Federal Republic of Germany – Finance Agency GmbH (Bundesrepublik Deutschland – 
Finanzagentur GmbH (Finanzagentur) (as described below)). The purpose of the Fund is to stabilise the German financial sector. The 
Fund does not have legal capacity. Decisions on stabilisation measures by the Fund and the administration of the Fund were originally 
delegated by decree (Finanzmarktstabilisierungsfonds-Verordnung) to the FMSA. Pursuant to the law relating to the reorganisation of 
the tasks of the Federal Agency for Financial Market Stabilisation (Gesetz zur Neuordnung der Aufgaben der Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzmarktstabilisierung; the FMSANeuOG) dated 23rd December, 2016, the public ownership (Trägerschaft) of the FMSA was 
transferred to the Finanzagentur with effect as of 1st January, 2018. The Finanzagentur will support the FMSA in fulfilling the tasks 
assigned to it pursuant to section 8a of the StFG. 
 
1 
Calculated on the basis of exchange rates as at 31st December, 2011. 
2 
Calculated on the basis of exchange rates as at 30th June, 2012.

--- Page 96 ---
94 
 
 
As early as 2008, the German Federal Government adopted a comprehensive package of measures to support the financial markets by 
passing the StFG, thereby creating the Fund. The FMSA started out as a legally dependent public-law association. In 2009, it was 
transformed into a federal public-law agency with legal personality which reports to the German Federal Ministry of Finance. The 
FMSA was established in order to manage the Fund and to implement and monitor the Fund's stabilisation measures. The Fund itself 
does not have legal capacity. Decisions on stabilisation measures by the Fund and the administration of the Fund were delegated by 
decree (Finanzmarktstabilisierungsfonds-Verordnung) to the FMSA. It was acting in the name and on behalf of the Fund. Its goal is 
and remains the restoration of mutual confidence among banks and the confidence of society at large and business in the financial 
sector. The Fund has stood ready not only for directly rescuing financial institutions but also for long-term stabilisation by increasing 
banking institutions' resilience. Banking institutions have been restructured and their business models redefined and reoriented. The 
founding of winding-up agencies (Abwickungsanstalten) was one of the instruments at the Fund's disposal. The FMSA founded two 
such winding-up agencies, one of them being EAA. 
The assets and liabilities of EAA are kept separate from the assets of other winding-up agencies established by the FMSA and from 
other assets of the FMSA and the Finanzagentur, respectively. 
Establishment and Domicile 
EAA was established on 11th December, 2009. Pursuant to EAA's charter as of 11th December, 2009, as last amended on 17th 
December, 2020 (Statut; the Charter), EAA was set up for the time period which will be required to wind up the portfolio of risk assets 
and non-strategic businesses/assets acquired from WestLB and WestLB's subsidiaries. Upon completion of such winding-up, EAA will 
be dissolved. According to the current winding-up plan (Abwicklungsplan) (the Winding-up Plan), this is envisaged to occur in 2027. 
EAA is registered with the commercial register (Handelsregister) of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Düsseldorf under HRA 20869. Its 
registered office is located at Friedrichstraße 84, 40217 Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany; its telephone number is +49 211 
91345 780. The Issuer does not maintain any branches. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of EAA is 7TG4VWERK338227TR435. 
The website of the Issuer is www.aa1.de. For the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in the aforementioned website (other 
than the information incorporated by reference in this Prospectus (as described in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference")), does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Object and Purpose 
According to its Charter, EAA's function is to take over and wind up risk exposures and non-strategic businesses (Risk Assets) of 
WestLB (operating under the name of Portigon AG since 2nd July, 2012) and/or its German or foreign subsidiaries for the purpose of 
stabilising them and the financial market. 
Applicable Legal Framework 
In order to achieve its object and purpose, EAA may engage in all types of banking and financial services transactions and all other 
transactions that directly or indirectly serve its purposes. In this context, EAA may also, to the extent permitted under the applicable 
law in each case, hold regulated subsidiaries both domestically and abroad. 
EAA is, however, neither a credit institution nor a financial services institution within the meaning of the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz; the KWG), nor an investment services enterprise within the meaning of the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz; the WpHG), nor an insurance undertaking within the meaning of the German Insurance Supervision Act 
(Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz). 
Nonetheless, pursuant to its Charter and pursuant to section 8a (5) sentence 2 of the StFG, EAA is subject to certain provisions of the 
KWG and the WpHG. In particular, EAA is subject to the banking supervision by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht; BaFin) and it must comply with the organisational obligations and restrictions on 
certain activities imposed by the KWG applicable to banks and financial institutions. EAA is, however, exempted from the regulatory 
capital and liquidity requirements and the banking licence requirement under the KWG. EAA is also deemed to be an "obliged entity" 
(Verpflichteter) for the purposes of section 2 (1) of the German Money Laundering Act (Geldwäschegesetz; the GwG). 
Share Capital 
As at 31st December, 2022, the Issuer's share capital (Stammkapital) amounted to Euro 500,000. The Issuer's share capital remains 
unchanged as at the date of this Prospectus. 
Stakeholders 
EAA's stakeholders are the State of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW), the Westfälisch-Lippischer Sparkassen- und Giroverband 
(WLSGV) (also known as Sparkassenverband Westfalen-Lippe (SVWL)), the Rheinischer Sparkassen- und Giroverband (RSGV), 
the Landschaftsverband Rheinland (LVR) and the Landschaftsverband Westfalen-Lippe (LWL). As at 31st December, 2022, the 
stakeholder structure of EAA was as follows (percentage figures rounded): 
State of North Rhine-Westphalia: 
48.2 per cent. 
Sparkassenverband Westfalen-Lippe (SVWL): 
25.0 per cent. 
Rheinischer Sparkassen- und Giroverband (RSGV): 
25.0 per cent. 
Landschaftsverband Rheinland (LVR): 
0.9 per cent. 
Landschaftsverband Westfalen-Lippe (LWL): 
0.9 per cent.

--- Page 97 ---
95 
 
 
The stakeholder structure remains unchanged as at the date of this Prospectus. 
EAA's Role in the EAA Group 
The EAA Group consists of EAA and its subsidiaries, as set out in the list of shareholdings in note 44 to the annual report 2022. 
Such subsidiaries and participations are not consolidated in accordance with section 13 (3) of the Charter and section 8a (1a) of the 
StFG. EAA is not dependent upon other entities within the EAA Group. 
Executive Bodies of EAA 
The Issuer's executive bodies are the Managing Board, the Supervisory Board and the Stakeholders' Meeting. The corporate governance 
of EAA follows the dual system of German corporate law. One body undertakes the management function (the Managing Board) and 
a second body is responsible for overseeing and supervising EAA's management (the Supervisory Board). The business address of 
each of the members of the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board named below is Friedrichstraße 84, 40217 Düsseldorf, Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
Managing Board 
The Managing Board manages the business of the Issuer. The members of the Managing Board are: 
Christian Doppstadt 
Horst Küpker 
The members of the Managing Board do not perform any principle activities outside the Issuer which are significant with respect to 
the Issuer. 
There are no conflicts or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of any member of the Managing Board to the Issuer and such 
member's private interests or other duties. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board must consult with and advise the Managing Board and supervise its management of operations. It is also 
responsible for deciding on deviations from the Winding-up Plan, resolutions concerning the annual wind-up report, appointing and 
removing members of the Managing Board, enacting rules of procedure for the Managing Board, appointing the independent auditors 
and adopting the final accounts. 
In individual cases, the Supervisory Board may also reserve the right to adopt resolutions on matters of particular significance, even 
though it might usually be a matter for the Managing Board. 
The Supervisory Board consists of 12 members, eleven of which are appointed by the Stakeholders' Meeting. The Finanzagentur acting 
on behalf of the Fund, delegates one member. NRW nominates five members, SVWL and RSGV each nominate two, and LVR and 
LWL each nominate one. The Supervisory Board members vote on a chairman and a deputy chairman based on the candidates proposed 
by NRW. The FMSA has the right to participate in meetings of the Supervisory Board by sending a guest member. Guest members 
have no right to vote on resolutions, but otherwise have the same rights as the other Supervisory Board members. 
The following is a list of the current members of the Supervisory Board: 
1. 
Chairman: 
Dr. Dirk Günnewig, State Secretary in the Ministry of Finance of North Rhine-Westphalia, 
Düsseldorf 
2. 
Vice Chairman: 
Susanne Elsässer, Senior Assistant Secretary (Leitende Ministerialrätin) in the Ministry of Finance 
of North Rhine-Westphalia, Düsseldorf  
3. 
Michael Breuer, President of the Rheinischer Sparkassen- und Giroverband; 
4. 
Hans Buschmann, former Deputy Association Director of the Rheinischer Sparkassen- und 
Giroverband; 
5. 
Rolf Einmahl, Lawyer, Member of the Landschaftsversammlung of the Landschaftsverband 
Rheinland; 
6. 
Henning Giesecke, Managing Director of GSW Capital Management GmbH and former Chief Risk 
Officer of HypoVereinsbank AG and UniCredit Group; 
7. 
Wilfried Groos, Chairman of the Managing Board of Sparkasse Siegen; 
8. 
Frank Hellwig, CEO and Special Representative of the German Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) of VTB Bank (Europe) SE; 
9. 
Dr. Achim Kopf, Head of Risk Control of the Bundesrepublik Deutschland - Finanzagentur GmbH; 
10. 
Dr. Georg Lunemann, Director of the Landschaftsverband Westfalen-Lippe; 
11. 
Klaus Rupprath, Senior Managing Director and Head of Capital Markets of NRW.BANK;

--- Page 98 ---
96 
 
 
12. 
Jürgen Wannhoff, Vice President and Member of the Managing Board of the Sparkassenverband 
Westfalen-Lippe. 
The members of the Supervisory Board do not perform any principle activities outside of the Issuer which are significant with respect 
to the Issuer. 
There are no conflicts or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of any member of the Supervisory Board to the Issuer and 
such member's private interests or other duties. 
Stakeholders' Meeting 
The Stakeholders' Meeting is made up of the stakeholders. The Stakeholders' Meeting is responsible for appointing the members of the 
Supervisory Board, adopting the annual financial statements of EAA, approving the actions of the members of the Managing Board 
and the Supervisory Board in accordance with the Charter and making the decisions otherwise incumbent upon it under the Charter. 
The Stakeholders' Meeting shall meet as often as is necessary to perform its functions. The Stakeholders' Meeting may dismiss members 
of the Supervisory Board at any time for good cause. 
Conflicts of Interest 
It cannot generally be ruled out that the persons involved in an offer or issue of Notes under the Programme, irrespective of whether 
they are individuals or legal entities, have interests in the offer or issue. Whether this is the case will depend upon the facts at the time 
of the offer or issue. A description of any interests, including any conflicting interests, that are of importance to an offer or issue of 
Notes will be included in the relevant Final Terms, specifying the persons involved and the types of interests. As at the date of this 
Prospectus, EAA is not aware of any such conflicts of interests. 
Regulatory Supervision of the Issuer 
EAA is not a credit institution within the meaning of the KWG, is not regulated accordingly and does not conduct business that requires 
licences pursuant to EU Directive 2006/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14th June, 2006 (which has been 
repealed by Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26th June, 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms), or pursuant to MiFID II. 
EAA is, however, supervised by the FMSA (control of legality) and, to a limited extent, BaFin (supervisory control). 
The FMSA is a public law agency with full legal capacity which is directly under governmental control of the Federal Ministry of 
Finance. FMSA's supervision of EAA ensures, in particular, that EAA, including its governing bodies and the stakeholders, complies 
with the relevant statutory requirements and its Charter. In order to perform its supervisory function, the FMSA has certain information 
rights, control rights, auditing rights and rights of instruction set forth in EAA's Charter. The FMSA monitors and checks compliance 
with EAA's accounting and disclosure duties. In addition, the FMSA may reserve the right to carry out special audits, particularly 
audits to assess compliance with the requirements applicable to EAA's operations and implementation of the Winding-up Plan. The 
FMSA may give instructions to EAA's Managing Board, Supervisory Board and Stakeholders' Meeting as well as to individual 
stakeholders in order to ensure that EAA's activities remain in compliance with the law and EAA's Charter. While the public ownership 
(Trägerschaft) of the FMSA was transferred to the Finanzagentur with effect as of 1st January, 2018 pursuant to the FMSANeuOG, 
EAA continues to be supervised by the FMSA (control of legality; Rechtsaufsicht). The Finanzagentur will support the FMSA in 
fulfilling the tasks assigned to it pursuant to section 8a of the StFG. 
The purpose of BaFin's supervision is to ensure that EAA complies with such statutory provisions of the KWG, WpHG and GwG 
which are applicable to it pursuant to EAA's Charter and pursuant to section 8a (5) sentence 2 of the StFG, particularly that it establishes 
a proper business structure and that it does not conduct any transactions which it is not entitled to conduct pursuant to its Charter. BaFin 
has rights to obtain information and to conduct audits. It is authorised to give instructions to EAA and the Managing Board and its 
members that are appropriate and necessary to avoid or eliminate irregularities or shortcomings and to prevent infringements of the 
provisions of the KWG, the WpHG and the GwG applicable to EAA. In particular, BaFin may require the dismissal of members of the 
Managing Board in the case of negligent and continuous infringements. 
Instruments Issued by the Fund and by EAA's Stakeholders to Ensure a Minimum Equity Level at EAA 
The Fund (acting through FMSA until 31st December, 2017 and acting through Finanzagentur since 1st January, 2018) as well as the 
stakeholders NRW, SVWL, RSGV, LVR and LWL have individually entered into so-called "instruments" with EAA in respect of 
EAA's capital level. Each instrument allows EAA to activate under certain circumstances (inter alia, after having submitted to the 
relevant instrument issuer a notice as set out in the respective instrument) – up to the maximum amounts set out below – an equity 
receivable against the respective instrument's issuer in EAA's balance sheet. The trigger for activation of such instruments is that in 
EAA's annual accounts, semi-annual or quarterly reports the level of equity would fall below an amount of Euro 50 million. In such 
case, EAA is entitled to activate that portion of the instruments which allows EAA to show an equity level of Euro 50 million in its 
respective annual accounts, semi-annual or quarterly reports. A deactivation automatically occurs when (and to the extent that) in 
EAA's following annual accounts, semi-annual or quarterly reports the level of equity exceeds Euro 50 million. Alternatively, EAA 
may under certain circumstances request the payment of the required equity amounts. A repayment of such equity funds only becomes 
due if the level of equity exceeds Euro 60 million (but then in the amount of equity exceeding the Euro 50 million equity level). 
The instruments are arranged in two tiers. In tier one, the stakeholders make available the following amounts: 
- 
NRW:   
up to Euro 72,500,000; 
- 
RSGV:   
up to Euro 37,500,000;

--- Page 99 ---
97 
 
 
- 
SVWL:  
up to Euro 37,500,000; 
- 
LVR: 
 
up to Euro   1,250,000; 
- 
LWL: 
 
up to Euro   1,250,000. 
In tier two, the Fund makes available up to Euro 330,000,000, which can only be drawn if all tier one instruments have been utilised 
in full or the tier one instruments would be insufficient to preserve EAA's capital level. All instruments will cease to exist on 31st 
December, 2028, whereas any portions activated at the time of adoption of EEA's final accounts will permanently remain with EAA. 
Duty of the Fund and EAA's Stakeholders to Offset Losses (Verlustausgleichspflicht) 
The Fund (acting through Finanzagentur) as well as the stakeholders NRW, SVWL, RSGV, LVR and LWL (each an Indemnifying 
Person) are individually liable to EAA and the stakeholders NRW, SVWL, RSGV, LVR and LWL are also individually liable to the 
Fund (acting through Finanzagentur) to offset all losses incurred by EAA in accordance with section 7 of the Charter. This obligation 
to offset losses is arranged in four tiers as follows: 
In the first tier, SVWL, RSGV, NRW, LVR and LWL are individually responsible for a portion of a total amount of Euro 850,000,000 
as follows (each individually limited to the amount stated below): 
- 
SVWL:  
25.0500 % 
 
max. Euro 213,000,000 
- 
RSGV:   
25.0500 % 
 
max. Euro 213,000,000 
- 
NRW: 
 
48.2000 % 
 
max. Euro 409,500,000 
- 
LVR: 
 
  0.8500 % 
 
max. Euro     7,250,000 
- 
LWL: 
 
  0.8500 % 
 
max. Euro     7,250,000 
In the second tier, SVWL, RSGV, NRW, LVR, LWL and the Fund are individually responsible for a portion of a total additional 
amount of Euro 2,670,000,000 as follows (each individually limited to the amount stated below): 
- 
SVWL:  
18.72659 %  
max. Euro 500,000,000 
- 
RSGV:   
18.72659 %  
max. Euro 500,000,000 
- 
NRW: 
 
36.14981 %  
max. Euro 965,200,000 
- 
LVR: 
 
  0.65169 %  
max. Euro   17,400,000 
- 
LWL: 
 
  0.65169 %  
max. Euro   17,400,000 
- 
Fund: 
 
25.09363 %  
max. Euro 670,000,000 
In the third tier, SVWL, RSGV and NRW are individually responsible for a portion of a total additional amount of Euro 6,000,000,000 
as follows (each individually limited to the amount stated below): 
- 
SVWL:  
24.99166 %  
max. Euro 1,499,500,000 
- 
RSGV:   
24.99166 %  
max. Euro 1,499,500,000 
- 
NRW: 
 
50.01668 %  
max. Euro 3,001,000,000 
Also, in case SVWL or RSGV were to fail to fulfil their respective obligations, NRW will assume these obligations from any of the 
aforementioned tiers vis-à-vis EAA. 
In the fourth tier, NRW assumes 50 per cent. of any excess amounts while the remaining 50 per cent. will be shared between NRW and 
the Fund (internal allocation to be agreed based on the StFG). 
Also, in case SVWL or RSGV were to fail to fulfil their respective obligations, NRW will assume these obligations vis-à-vis EAA. 
In order to satisfy its respective obligation to offset losses, each Indemnifying Person has an obligation to provide EAA with such 
amounts at such times as are necessary in order to ensure that EAA is always in a position to meet its liabilities upon first demand even 
after the liquid asset component of its equity has been used up. This obligation of each Indemnifying Person is subject to the liability 
quota and caps as set out in section 7 of the Charter. EAA must assert its claim against any Indemnifying Person to have its losses 
offset in the amount necessary and at a time sufficiently prior to any imminent insolvency so as to ensure that EAA is always in a 
position to pay its debts as and when they fall due. 
The obligation of an Indemnifying Person to offset losses pursuant to the provisions of EAA's Charter falls due when it receives a 
request for funds from EAA's Managing Board (payment request). The payment request must detail the total amount requested, the 
amount apportioned to each Indemnifying Person, and include a statement by EAA's Managing Board that, based on its best judgment, 
the Managing Board deems the payment request to be necessary in order to ensure EAA's ability to meet its existing liabilities at all 
times. Each Indemnifying Person must pay to EAA the amount apportioned to it upon first demand without undue delay, however no 
later than seven banking days after receipt of the payment request. 
The Indemnifying Persons may only offset counter-claims against EAA's claim to have its losses offset to the extent that such counter-
claims have been confirmed in a final and binding judgment or explicitly acknowledged by EAA. This principle also applies to the 
assertion of any right to withhold performance/right of retention. 
The Indemnifying Persons have no right to claim repayment of the funds paid by them in order to offset losses. 
The duty to offset losses on the part of SVWL and RSGV is capped at a total amount of Euro 4.5 billion. This cap may not be increased 
at any time, nor may any obligation to increase the cap be imposed, regardless of the legal grounds. The above cap will be reduced by 
all payments made by SVWL/RSGV under their duty to offset losses.

--- Page 100 ---
98 
 
 
The duty to offset losses on the part of LVR and LWL is capped at a total amount of Euro 51,800,000. This cap may not be increased 
at any time, nor may any obligation to increase the cap be imposed, regardless of the legal grounds. The above cap will be reduced by 
all payments made by LVR/LWL under their duty to offset losses. 
The duty of the Indemnifying Persons to offset losses (Verlustausgleichspflicht) does not constitute an explicit guarantee by the 
Indemnifying Persons for the benefit of EAA's counterparties, i.e. the holders of any Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will not have a recourse right against the Indemnifying Persons. 
Principal Activities and Winding-up Plan 
EAA's principal activity is to wind up a portfolio of risk assets and non-strategic businesses/assets that have been transferred to it from 
Portigon and Portigon's subsidiaries. Assets have been either effectively transferred to EAA or EAA has assumed the risk of assets, 
which were declared to be subject to a transfer but had to remain with Portigon. EAA conducts its transactions in accordance with 
economic principles having regard to its winding-up objectives and the principle of risk minimisation. 
After its establishment, EAA used Portigon pursuant to a cooperation agreement as service provider for relevant business activities. To 
the extent assets are not effectively transferred to EAA but EAA has assumed the risk thereof, Portigon remains the relevant debtors' 
primary contact even if it is acting in EAA's name and/or on its account. For this purpose, Portigon had established an organisational 
unit (the Portfolio Exit Group) dedicated to EAA's asset portfolio and client relationships, which was separated from other Portigon 
departments by information barriers to avoid potential conflicts of interest. 
In 2014, 70 employees of the Portfolio Exit Group were transferred from Portigon to EAA. Having provided services to the winding-
up agency since 2010, on 1st July, 2014, they begun work for EAA Portfolio Advisers GmbH (EPA) (now Mount Street Portfolio 
Advisers GmbH (MSPA)), which is headquartered in Düsseldorf and also operates in London and New York and originally was a 
specially formed EAA subsidiary. In line with its Winding-up Plan, EAA sold EPA (now MSPA) to Mount Street Group in 2017 and 
EPA subsequently changed its name to Mount Street Portfolio Advisers GmbH. MSPA continues to render advisory services to the 
Issuer pursuant to a servicing agreement until it gets replaced by a new service provider in 2023 (as described in more detail in the 
below section entitled "Recent Developments and Outlook"). 
Portigon had transferred its rights and obligations under the cooperation agreement with effect as of 1st February, 2014 to Portigon 
Financial Services GmbH, Düsseldorf (PFS) (now Erste Financial Service GmbH (EFS)). EFS is a service provider for the servicing 
of financial portfolios, which held a license for rendering financial services until late 2018. In 2015, PFS (now EFS) was wholly owned 
by Portigon. In early 2016, the Issuer acquired PFS (now EFS) from Portigon. Within the scope of a cooperation agreement between 
the Issuer and EFS, EFS sub-outsourced a large part of the service provision to IBM Deutschland GmbH (IBM) with effect from 1st 
December, 2017. This transaction ensured that the Issuer will continue to have at its disposal all of the services it needs to continue 
with the wind-up of the assets transferred from the former WestLB (now: Portigon). For the time being, EFS remains a subsidiary of 
the Issuer. On the basis of the outsourcing agreement with EFS, IBM provides the Issuer with both IT and operational services for loan, 
securities and derivatives portfolios until it gets replaced by a new service provider in 2023 (as described in more detail in the below 
section entitled "Recent Developments and Outlook"). The service provider management formerly provided by EFS has been integrated 
into the Issuer in the meantime. 
The risk assets and the non-strategic businesses/assets taken over by EAA must be wound up in accordance with the Winding-up Plan. 
The Winding-up Plan is a special form of business plan with a view to minimising losses. The Managing Board, the Supervisory Board, 
the Stakeholders' Meeting and EAA's stakeholders are bound by the Winding-up Plan. The Winding-up Plan describes the winding-up 
measures intended to be taken by EAA and includes a timeline for full liquidation of EAA's risk assets and non-strategic 
businesses/assets within a reasonable winding-up period. The Winding-up Plan shall ensure the solvency of EAA at all times during 
the entire winding-up period, notwithstanding the stakeholders' duty to offset losses. The Winding-up Plan also honours the principle 
of minimising losses. The FMSA has the right to instruct EAA and the stakeholders as to the specific information to be included in any 
update of the Winding-up Plan. 
Funding Activities 
As part of the transfer of the Portfolio and the Follow-up Portfolio EAA has also assumed a number of instruments by which Portigon 
has managed its funding activities. 
The funding of EAA will have to be periodically refinanced as instruments expire. To replace expiring funding for the risk assets and 
non-strategic businesses/assets acquired, EAA will, in particular, issue debt securities and/or take out bank loans. Derivatives 
transactions are employed to hedge against, in particular, interest and exchange rate risks. EAA will also issue, among other 
instruments, unsecured bonds and raise short-term funds on the financial market. 
Due to regulatory restrictions, EAA is not entitled to engage in deposit taking towards the general public, accordingly it is not allowed, 
among other things, to issue debt securities to the general public. Rather, EAA is allowed to issue debt securities to the European 
Central Bank, any other central bank or certain institutional investors (such as banks, insurers or other entities or persons which are 
regularly engaged in or established for the purposes of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities or other financial assets) 
only. The current level of EAA's annual funding volume may decrease in accordance with the continuing winding-up process of the 
Portfolio and the Follow-up Portfolio. 
Ratings 
The following short-term and long-term ratings have been assigned by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's), S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (Standard & Poor's) and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch):

--- Page 101 ---
99 
 
 
 
Short-Term Ratings 
Long-Term Ratings 
 
of the Notes 
of the Issuer 
of the Notes 
of the Issuer 
Moody's 
P-1 
P-1 
Aa1 
 
Aa1 
(stable outlook) 
Standard & Poor's 
Not Applicable 
A-1+ 
Not Applicable 
AA 
(stable outlook) 
Fitch 
F1+ 
F1+ 
AAA 
AAA 
(stable outlook) 
Short-term issues are obligations with an original maturity of less than 365 days. Short-term issuer ratings are opinions of an issuer's 
capacity to meet short-term financial obligations. Long-term issues are obligations with an original maturity of one year or more. Long-
term issuer ratings are opinions of the ability of entities to meet long-term senior unsecured financial obligations and contracts. 
Each of Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch has been established in the European Union, has been registered with the relevant 
competent authority under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation) and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation. 
The rating Moody's has given to the Issuer is endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd, which is established in the United Kingdom 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation). 
The rating Standard & Poor's has given to the Issuer is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
The rating Fitch has given to the Issuer is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, which is established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
The ratings of the Notes address the ability of the Issuer to make payments due in respect of Notes in the event that an event of default 
occurs. They do not address the probability of an event of default actually occurring. 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating set out above. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, hold or sell securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Financial Statements and Annual Reports 
The first financial year of EAA was a short financial year which commenced on 11th December, 2009 and ended on 30th June, 2010. 
The second financial year of EAA was also a short financial year which commenced on 1st July, 2010 and ended on 31st December, 
2010. As of 1st January, 2011, the financial year of EAA corresponds with the calendar year. The Managing Board of EAA prepares 
an annual report within the first three months of each financial year. 
Independent Auditor 
The independent auditor of EAA is PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftprüfungsgesellschaft with its registered address at 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany (PwC). PwC has audited the Issuer's financial 
statements as of, and for the financial years ended on, 31st December, 2021 and 31st December, 2022 in accordance with German 
generally accepted auditing standards and issued an unqualified independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) in each case. PwC 
is a member of the German Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer). 
Employees 
As of 31st December, 2022, the number of employees of EAA was 86. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
EAA and its affiliated companies are involved in a number of legal disputes which are being dealt with either in court or out-of-court 
in Germany and abroad concerning certain risk assets and non-strategic businesses/assets which Portigon and Portigon's subsidiaries 
have transferred to EAA.  
Following the transfer of the Follow-up Portfolio the Issuer also assumed contingent liabilities related to potential legal disputes which 
have been brought or will be brought against Portigon and its affiliated companies. 
The Issuer is currently in a legal dispute with Portigon, who is the legal successor of WestLB. In connection with dividend arbitrage 
transactions between 2005 and 2008, WestLB may have been unjustifiably credited with capital gains tax, which the competent tax 
authorities have been trying to reclaim with interest from Portigon since 2019. Portigon has made payments to the tax authorities in 
relation to this, but appealed against the underlying recovery orders. In addition, it has requested the Issuer to reimburse or release it

--- Page 102 ---
100 
 
 
from these expenses totalling around Euro 1 billion plus statutory default interest, in each case from the date of assertion against the 
Issuer. With judgement dated 29th September, 2021, the Frankfurt am Main Regional Court of first instance (Landgericht) had upheld 
Portigon's action against the Issuer, requesting reimbursement of or release from the aforementioned expenses for the assessment 
periods 2005 to 2011. The Issuer considered this decision to be wrong and lodged an appeal against the judgement. In the appeal 
proceedings, the Higher Regional Court (Oberlandesgericht) of Frankfurt am Main dismissed Portigon's action in its ruling dated 21st 
December, 2022. Furthermore, it did not admit an appeal to the Federal Supreme Court (Bundesgerichtshof), which Portigon responded 
to with a non-admission complaint (Nichtzulassungsbeschwerde) to the Federal Supreme Court (Bundesgerichtshof) for a permission 
to appeal. 
Furthermore, since April 2010, the authorities in the US and in the EU (particularly BaFin) had been investigating possible misconduct 
in the trading departments of several banks. In connection with the quotations of reference interest rates, the results of the investigation 
have not produced any evidence of wrongdoing at the former WestLB (now: Portigon); the investigations by BaFin and the US 
supervisory authorities were terminated without any measures being undertaken against Portigon. In addition, Portigon together with 
a large number of banks active in the US, was sued in this context in various class action lawsuits in the US for alleged manipulative 
actions with regard to reference interest rates. Certain aspects of these class actions were repeatedly rejected in the court of first instance 
also with respect to Portigon. Some plaintiffs launched an appeal against this, which led in part to a referral back to the court of first 
instance that has yet to make a final ruling. 
In a different matter, the authorities have accused Portigon of misconduct in the trading departments. Portigon is taking legal action 
against this. 
Other than the proceedings described in this section, so far as the Issuer is aware, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any pending proceedings) during the last twelve months which may have, or have had, in the recent past, a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business or financial conditions. 
No Significant or Material Adverse Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or in the financial performance of the EAA Group and there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of EAA since 31st December, 2022, the date of EAA's last published audited financial 
statements. 
Material Contracts 
EAA has entered into the following material contracts which could have an impact on the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to 
Holders in respect of the Notes to be issued by EAA pursuant to the Programme: 
EAA has entered into a total of six spin-off agreements pursuant to which it has acquired risk assets and non-strategic businesses/assets 
from Portigon and certain of Portigon's subsidiaries. The first spin-off agreement was entered into by EAA and WestLB (now: Portigon) 
in December 2009 with regard to the § 8 Portfolio. In connection with the transfer of the Main Portfolio, EAA and WestLB (now: 
Portigon) entered into two additional spin-off agreements. The fourth spin-off agreement was made between EAA and Westdeutsche 
ImmobilienBank AG (WIB), one of WestLB's subsidiaries, pursuant to which WIB transferred loans and other liabilities to EAA. The 
fifth and sixth spin-off agreements were made between EAA and Portigon in 2012 in respect of the Follow-up Portfolio. Under each 
of the six spin-off agreements entered into in connection with the transfer of the § 8 Portfolio, the Main Portfolio and the Follow-up 
Portfolio, EAA is obliged to make a compensation payment (Ausgleichszahlung) to the relevant transferor. 
In connection with the transfer of the Main Portfolio and the Follow-up Portfolio and due to legal implications in certain foreign 
jurisdictions which impose restrictions on the transfer of assets by way of spin-off, EAA also entered into five sub-participation 
agreements with WestLB (now: Portigon), WIB and WestLB Europa Holding GmbH (WEH). Under such sub-participation 
agreements, EAA, in return for a certain consideration payment, acquired the economic but not the legal title to certain assets belonging 
to the Main Portfolio as well as the Follow-up Portfolio. Portigon, WIB and WEH remain the holders of title to all rights and obligations 
in connection with the assets which are the subject of such sub-participation agreements but will hold the assets on trust for EAA. 
Pursuant to section 8a (9) of the StFG, sections 16 to 18 and section 20 of the German Act for the Acceleration and Simplification of 
the Acquisition of Shares in and Risk Positions of Enterprises of the Financial Sector by the Fund "Financial Market Stabilisation Fund 
– FMS" and of the Real Economy by the Fund "Economic Stabilisation Fund – WSF" –  Economic Stabilisation Acceleration Act 
(Gesetz zur Beschleunigung und Vereinfachung des Erwerbs von Anteilen an sowie Risikopositionen von Unternehmen des 
Finanzsektors durch den Fonds "Finanzmarktstabilisierungsfonds – FMS" und der Realwirtschaft durch den Fonds 
"Wirtschaftsstabilisierungsfonds – WSF" (Wirtschaftsstabilisierungsbeschleunigungsgesetz – WStBG) apply to such transfer. EAA 
bears the economic risk of such assets. 
Pursuant to a transfer agreement entered into by EAA and WestLB International SA, EAA also acquired assets of the Main Portfolio 
from WestLB International SA by way of an asset deal for a certain purchase price. 
In connection with the transfer of the Follow-up Portfolio and due to legal implications in certain foreign jurisdictions which impose 
restrictions on the transfer of assets by way of spin-off, EAA also entered into two risk transfer agreements with Portigon. Under the 
risk transfer agreements, EAA assumes the economic benefits and risks but legal title remains with Portigon in respect of two 
derivatives portfolios. One derivative portfolio consists of exchange traded derivatives and the other comprises over-the-counter (OTC) 
derivatives. To the extent that the items which are subject to the risk transfer agreements have not yet been legally transferred to EAA, 
Portigon remains the holder of title of all rights and obligations in connection with the derivatives which are the subject of the risk 
transfer agreements but will hold such rights and obligations in trust for EAA. Pursuant to section 8a (9) of the StFG, sections 16 to 18 
and section 20 of the WStBG apply to such transfer. EAA bears the economic risk of such assets.

--- Page 103 ---
101 
 
 
In relation to those assets of the Main Portfolio and the Follow-up Portfolio for which neither a transfer by way of spin-off nor by way 
of sub-participation nor by way of a risk transfer was possible or opportune, EAA granted various guarantees in favour of Portigon. 
Under such guarantees, EAA is obliged to compensate Portigon for any losses incurred in connection with the underlying assets. In 
return, EAA is entitled to receive guarantee fees under such guarantee agreements. 
Recent Developments and Outlook 
The Issuer's earnings situation in the 2022 financial year was marked by net interest income of Euro 32.8 million, a net fee and 
commission expenditure of Euro 19.2 million and a net trading result of Euro 5.8 million. General and administrative expenses were 
Euro 100.3 million. In total, EAA reported a net loss for the 2022 financial year of Euro 1.6 million. The Issuer is sticking with its 
strategy of winding up in a value-preserving manner. Further losses cannot be ruled out in the next few fiscal years because of the now 
substantial reduction of the portfolio and the associated decline in income from ongoing operations. This possibility is taken into 
account in the Issuer's wind-up planning.  
In 2023, EAA aims to wind-up more than 13 per cent. of the nominal value of the banking book portfolio, which gives a target of 
around Euro 7 billion as at 31st December, 2023 (including exposures held by subsidiaries). In 2023, EAA expects a reduction of the 
nominal value of the trading portfolio of around 8 per cent. compared to 2022, which gives a target of around Euro 52 billion as at 31st 
December, 2023. 
EAA had concluded the sales process for Erste EAA Ireland plc (formerly EAA Covered Bond Bank plc) (EAA Ireland) at the 
beginning of 2017. The Supervisory Board of EAA approved the sale to the investor that submitted the most financially advantageous 
offer for EAA in a non-discriminatory bidding process. On this basis, a share purchase agreement for EAA Ireland was signed. The 
completion of the sale was subject to approval of the competent supervisory authorities. The investor has informed EAA that the 
competent supervisory authorities would only approve the transfer subject to additional conditions. In view of the changed 
circumstances, the parties terminated the share purchase agreement on 27th March, 2020 and discontinued the sale of EAA Ireland. 
EAA will continue to manage the orderly wind-down of the balance sheet of EAA Ireland in order to greatly limit any negative financial 
consequences for the Winding-up Plan that may occur to a certain extent due to the discontinuation of the sale of EAA Ireland. After 
the sales process could not be successfully completed, preparatory steps were taken to accelerate the winding-up of EAA Ireland. The 
return of the full banking licence and the licence as a so-called designated credit institution by EAA Ireland was approved in March 
2021. Since 29th June, 2021, EAA Ireland had been in liquidation (Members Voluntary Liquidation) and was subsequently deleted 
from the Irish commercial register on 29th July, 2022. 
EAA focuses on the parameters and targets of its Winding-up Plan and continues to consider options and alternative scenarios for an 
efficient winding-up of its portfolios. The Issuer fundamentally pursues an opportunistic approach by conducting regular analyses of 
market conditions and exit opportunities in order to assess early and profitable wind-up opportunities for all positions of the portfolio. 
The Issuer is currently in the process of examining whether the targets of the Winding-up Plan may be achieved earlier than initially 
expected. In line with the options envisaged by the FMSANeuOG, federal winding-up agencies within the meaning of section 8a (1) 
sentence 1 of the StFG may act as a transferor in future spin-off or split-off scenarios, subject to further conditions as set out in section 
8a (8a) and section 8a (8b) of the StFG (as amended by the FMSANeuOG). EAA has amended its Charter with a view to the 
aforementioned conditions and in particular the requirements set out in section 8a (8a) sentence 1 no. 4 of the StFG. While it cannot be 
ruled out that certain assets of EAA may be subject to such spin-off or split-off scenarios, it should be noted that section 8a (8a) of the 
StFG explicitly exempts refinancing liabilities from such scenarios.  
In its strategic vision to optimise and focus its operating model, the Issuer foresees to reduce internal and external service provision 
requirements to the necessary level, to rebuild the Issuer to essential functions and to obtain the remaining services from specialised 
service providers. To take this into account and to have recourse to a flexible servicer landscape from the second quarter of 2023 
onwards, the Issuer issued invitations in several Europe-wide tender procedures in 2021 for the provision of key services required to 
manage its portfolios. These were awarded in September and October 2021. To ensure long-term servicing and a stable business 
relationship, the respective service agreements were awarded with a term of 14 years (including extension options). The Issuer entered 
the transition phase in the fourth quarter of 2021. The new servicer structure is scheduled to be implemented by the end of the second 
quarter of 2023. 
In addition to the servicer changes described above, the banking services required by the Issuer in the future will also be consolidated 
in close coordination with the aforementioned transition project. These are mainly account management and payment transactions, 
which are currently handled by HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt GmbH, Düsseldorf, and the administration and safe-keeping of securities 
portfolios, which are currently provided by Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main. 
To further streamline and simplify the processes, it is intended to procure these banking services from a single source by the end of the 
second quarter of 2023, at the same time as the transition of portfolio services. Following a call for tender J.P. Morgan SE, Frankfurt 
am Main was given the mandate. 
Until the transition phase is concluded and the transfer to the new service providers is completed, the existing service providers will 
continue to provide the services to the Issuer.

--- Page 104 ---
102 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Generally, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, which include 
refinancing its assets and hedging certain risks.

--- Page 105 ---
103 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been published previously or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and filed with 
the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus, to the extent set out in the "Table of Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" below, provided that (i) any information not specifically set out in the "Table of Documents Incorporated 
by Reference" but included in the documents incorporated by reference is either not relevant for an investor or is covered elsewhere in 
this Prospectus and shall not form part of this Prospectus, and (ii) any statement contained in this Prospectus or in any information 
incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any information subsequently deemed incorporated by reference modifies or 
supersedes such (earlier) statement: 
 
Table of Documents Incorporated by Reference 
Document 
Section Incorporated 
 
 
A. 
The following sections of the Annual Report 2021 of Erste Abwicklungsanstalt 
(containing, inter alia, its non-consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance 
with the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) (GCC): 
 
– 
Balance sheet 
Pages 56 – 59 
– 
Income statement 
Pages 60 – 61 
– 
Cash flow statement 
Page 62 
– 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 63 
– 
Notes 
Pages 64 – 91 
– 
Independent auditor's report 
Pages 93 – 100 
 
 
B. 
The following sections of the Annual Report 2022 of Erste Abwicklungsanstalt 
(containing, inter alia, its non-consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance 
with the GCC): 
 
– 
Balance sheet 
Pages 54 – 57 
– 
Income statement 
Pages 58 – 59 
– 
Cash flow statement 
Page 60 
– 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 61 
– 
Notes 
Pages 62 – 89 
– 
Independent auditor's report 
Pages 91 – 98 
 
 
C. 
The following sections of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus of the Issuer dated 
7th May, 20201 
 
– 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 45 – 78 
– 
Form of the Final Terms: Part A – Contractual Terms 
Pages 31 – 39 
 
 
D. 
The following sections of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus of the Issuer dated 
7th May, 20212 
 
– 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 44 – 77 
– 
Form of the Final Terms: Part A – Contractual Terms 
Pages 30 – 38 
 
1 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 2020 are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus to allow for the increase of notes originally issued under the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 2020 under this Prospectus. 
2  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 2021 are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus to allow for the increase of notes originally issued under the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 2021 under this Prospectus.

--- Page 106 ---
104 
 
 
 
 
E. 
The following sections of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus of the Issuer dated 
5th May, 20221 
 
– 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 48 – 94 
– 
Form of the Final Terms: Part A – Contractual Terms 
Pages 32 – 42 
 
 
F. 
The following sections of the Supplement No. 2 dated 11th January, 2023 to the Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus of the Issuer dated 5th May, 2022 (the Supplement No. 
2)1 
 
– 
C. Amendments to the section commencing on page 48 of the Prospectus which is 
entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
Pages 2 – 3 
 
 
 
The documents set out in A. and B. in the table above and the information contained in such documents and incorporated by reference 
in this Prospectus are English language translations of their respective binding German language counterparts. 
The documents set out in the table above and the information contained in such documents and incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus will be viewable on, and obtainable from of charge from, the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange as follows: 
– 
the Annual Report 2021 of Erste Abwicklungsanstalt: https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10dc5a704d580e4bdaa616c531470ac799 
– 
the Annual Report 2022 of Erste Abwicklungsanstalt: https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10756bbe15d3464a70a7769e966955d334 
– 
the 
Debt 
Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus 
of 
Erste 
Abwicklungsanstalt 
dated 
7th 
May, 
2020: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/105e20e1fa8cd34ba89a03d3d03dbc3284 
– 
the 
Debt 
Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus 
of 
Erste 
Abwicklungsanstalt 
dated 
7th 
May, 
2021: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/102ba049911dcd46b29d16e4b6000e7b18 
– 
the 
Debt 
Issuance 
Programme 
Prospectus 
of 
Erste 
Abwicklungsanstalt 
dated 
5th 
May, 
2022: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/109b9c892018c44b8f8b6e59d89dfe13b3 
– 
the Supplement No. 2 dated 11th January, 2023 to the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus of the Issuer dated 5th May, 2022: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1089783f3678c44003800e9953246b139a 
For the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in the aforementioned websites (other than the information incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus (as described above)), does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the CSSF. 
 
 
 
 
1  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 2022 (as amended by the Terms and Conditions 
contained in the Supplement No. 2) are incorporated by reference into  this Prospectus to allow for the increase of notes originally issued under 
the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 2022 (as supplemented) under this Prospectus.

--- Page 107 ---
105 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement dated 5th May, 2023 (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the Programme 
Agreement) agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated in the sections entitled "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In 
the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
A. General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it will offer, sell and deliver or otherwise convey the Notes only to the European Central Bank, any other central 
bank or institutional investors such as banks, insurers or other entities or persons which are regularly engaged in or established 
for the purposes of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities or other financial assets, and not to the general public. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which 
it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus or any offering material and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries of Notes and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder or assumes any responsibility 
for facilitating such sale. 
B. United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to or for the account or 
benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)). Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree 
that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Notes are a part within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, an offer 
or sale of the Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its 
possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meaning given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
C. Australia 
No Prospectus nor any other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the Australian Corporations Act)) 
in relation to the Notes issued by the Issuer has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission 
(ASIC) or the Australian Securities Exchange operated by ASX Limited (ASX) or any other regulatory body or agency in Australia. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that unless the relevant Final Terms (or another supplement to this Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) made or invited and must not make or invite any offer or invitation in relation to the issue, sale 
or purchase of any Notes in Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published and will not distribute or publish any Prospectus, offering circular or any other offering material 
or advertisement relating to any Notes in Australia, 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee in Australia (including any person who receives an offer 
or invitation or offering material in Australia) is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in an alternate currency, in either 
case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require 
disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 or Chapter 7 of the Australian Corporations Act;

--- Page 108 ---
106 
 
 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning of section 761G of the 
Australian Corporations Act; 
(iii) 
such action complies with any other applicable laws, regulations or directives in Australia (including, without 
limitation, the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Australian Corporations Act); and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or the ASX or any other regulatory body or agency 
in Australia. 
The Issuer is not authorised under the Banking Act 1959 (Cth) (the Australian Banking Act) to carry on banking business and is not 
subject to prudential supervision by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. An investment in Notes issued by the Issuer is not 
covered by the depositor protection provisions in section 13A of the Australian Banking Act, and will not entitle holders of the Notes 
to claim under Division 2AA – Financial claims scheme for account-holders with insolvent ADIs in the Australian Banking Act. 
D. Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any resident thereof in contravention of 
the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not and will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the benefit of residents of 
Canada, in contravention of the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada. Each Dealer has also agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree not to distribute this Prospectus, or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes, in Canada except in compliance with the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof. 
E. Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, 
as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under item 5, paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
F. New Zealand 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that (i) it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not directly or indirectly offer, sell, or deliver any Note; and (ii) it will not 
distribute this Prospectus, any offering circular or advertisement in relation to any offer of Notes in New Zealand other than: 
(1) 
to "wholesale investors" as that term is defined in clauses 3(2)(a), (c) and (d) of Schedule 1 to the Financial Markets Conduct 
Act 2013 of New Zealand (the FMC Act), being a person who is: 
(a) 
an "investment business"; 
(b) 
"large"; or 
(c) 
a "government agency", 
in each case as defined in Schedule 1 to the FMC Act; and 
(2) 
in other circumstances where there is no contravention of the FMC Act, provided that (without limiting paragraph (1) above) 
Notes may not be offered or transferred to any "eligible investors" (as defined in the FMC Act) or any person that meets the 
investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 to the FMC Act. 
G. Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under the Swiss Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA"), in case (i) such offering is made to professional clients within the meaning of the FinSA only, (ii) the Notes 
have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more, and (iii) the Notes will not be admitted to 
trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
H. European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation hereto to the public in that Member State, 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:

--- Page 109 ---
107 
 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
pursuant to the applicable national law of that Member State 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as 
to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14th June, 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended. 
I. Belgium 
This Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets 
Authority. Accordingly, no action will be taken, and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make a public offering or offer to the public 
of these Notes in Belgium other than (i) in compliance with and (ii) in circumstances that do not require the publication of a prospectus 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation and the Belgian Law of 11th July, 2018, on the offering of investment instruments to the public 
and the admission of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market, in each case as amended or replaced from to time. 
In addition, the offering may not be advertised and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered for sale, sold, resold, marketed, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer for sale, sell, resell, market, transfer or deliver the Notes and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to 
any person in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Code of Economic Law, as amended from 
time to time. 
Bearer securities (including, without limitation, Notes in bearer form and securities in bearer form underlying the Notes) shall not be 
physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation 
in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14th December, 2005. 
J. France 
This Prospectus prepared in connection with the Notes is not required to be and has not been submitted to the clearance procedure of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
The Issuer and each Dealer have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that they have not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France 
(other than to qualified investors as described below), and that they have not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France (other than to qualified investors as described below), this Prospectus, the 
relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and 
will be made in France pursuant to Article L. 411-2 1 of the French Code monétaire et financier only to qualified investors (investisseurs 
qualifiés) (other than individuals) as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article L. 411-2 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
K. Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Germany other than in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and any other laws applicable in Germany governing the issue, offering and sale of 
securities. 
L. Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that save as set out below 
it has not made and will not make an offer of any Notes to the public in the Republic of Italy, and that any sales of the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute copies of this Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes 
in the Republic of Italy, except:

--- Page 110 ---
108 
 
 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) (the Qualified Investors), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24th February, 1998, as amended (the Financial 
Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14th May, 1999, as amended from time to time, and the 
applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in 
accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15th February, 2018 (as amended from time 
to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1st September, 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the 
reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/ or any other Italian authority. 
M. United Kingdom 
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of the Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation hereto to the public in the United Kingdom, except that it may make an offer of the Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom 
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA), 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression offer of the Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in the United Kingdom 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, the expression United Kingdom means the United Kingdom 
of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) 
as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Each Dealer has futher represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses, 
in each case where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation 
or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to 
the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 111 ---
109 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme was duly authorised by the Managing Board of the Issuer on 21st March, 2023. 
Documents Available for Inspection 
For the Term of this Prospectus, copies of the following documents will be available (once they have been published) for inspection 
at, and may be obtained free of charge from, the registered office of the Issuer (Erste Abwicklungsanstalt, Friedrichstraße 84, 40217 
Düsseldorf, Germany) and the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Taunusanlage 12, 60325 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany): 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer (including the Charter (with an English language translation thereof)); 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements (with an English language translation thereof) of the Issuer in respect of each of the financial 
years ended 31st December, 2021 and 31st December, 2022, in each case together with the independent auditor's report (with 
an English language translation thereof) issued thereon; 
(iii) 
this Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus and any supplements to this Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published will only be available for 
inspection by a Holder and such Holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the relevant agent as to its holding 
and its identity) to this Prospectus. 
In addition, the constitutional documents of the Issuer (including the Charter (with an English language translation thereof)) will be 
viewable on, and may be obtained free of charge from, the website of the Issuer (www.aa1.de). 
Copies of this Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference herein and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms 
prepared in connection with Notes which will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange located in a member 
state of the EEA will be viewable on, and obtainable free of charge from, the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-ErsteAbwicklung/13741). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in the aforementioned websites (other than the information incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus (as described in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference")) does not form part of this 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Clearing Systems 
The Bearer Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream Luxembourg) and Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and may also be cleared through Clearstream Banking AG (CBF). The appropriate securities codes allocated 
to each Tranche of Notes including, but not limited to, the German Securities Code (WKN), Common Code and/or ISIN (as appropriate) 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Clearstream Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, the address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard 
Du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of CBF is Mergenthaler Allee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany.

--- Page 112 ---
110 
 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Erste Abwicklungsanstalt 
Friedrichstraße 84 
40217 Düsseldorf 
Germany 
 
Arranger 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
One Molesworth Street 
51 rue La Boétie  
Dublin 2 
75008 Paris  
DO2RF29 
France  
Ireland 
 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Reuterweg 16 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Germany 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
Mainzer Landstraße 11–17 
CS 70052 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
Germany 
France 
 
 
 
DZ BANK AG 
Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am 
Main 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Platz der Republik 
Marienturm 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
Germany 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Germany 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
UniCredit Bank AG  
38, avenue Kléber 
Arabellastraße 12 
75116 Paris 
81925 München  
France 
Germany

--- Page 113 ---
111 
 
 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
Independent Auditor to Erste Abwicklungsanstalt 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37 
60327 Frankurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
Erste Abwicklungsanstalt 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
Rechtsabteilung 
Taunustor 1 (Taunusturm) 
Friedrichstraße 84 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
40217 Düsseldorf 
Germany 
Germany