--- Page 1 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
ELECTRICITY SUPPLY BOARD 
(a body corporate established in Ireland under the ESB Acts 1927 to 2014 of Ireland) 
ESB FINANCE DAC 
(a private company incorporated with limited liability in Ireland with registration number 480184) 
EUR5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
ELECTRICITY SUPPLY BOARD 
(a body corporate established in Ireland under the ESB Acts 1927 to 2014 of Ireland) 
Under this EUR5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Electricity Supply Board (ESB) and ESB Finance 
DAC (ESB Finance) (together, the Issuers and each of them, an Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The payment of all amounts due in respect of Notes issued by ESB Finance will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by ESB (in 
such capacity, the Guarantor). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to 
increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer shall be to the 
Dealer agreeing to subscribe an issue of Notes or, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one 
Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Offering Circular constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus 
Regulation) and has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank of Ireland only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor or of the quality of 
the Notes that are the subject of this Offering Circular. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (EEA) or in the United 
Kingdom (UK) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. This Offering Circular is valid for a period of twelve months 
from its date.  The obligation to supplement the Offering Circular in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when the Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Offering Circular to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market (the Regulated Market).  The 
Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.   
References in this Offering Circular to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final 
terms document (Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, to Euronext Dublin. Copies of Final 
Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Either Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State 
securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Programme has been rated A3 by Moody's Investors Service Limited (Moody's) and A- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). 
S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). S&P is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody's is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). The list of rating agencies registered under the UK CRA Regulation can be found at: 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. Moody's is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. The 
ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme 
by the relevant rating agency.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may 
constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation). Transitional provisions in the 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the relevant Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of an administrator. As at the date of this Offering Circular, the administrator of EURIBOR (the European Money Markets Institute) is 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. As at the date of this Offering Circular, the administrator of LIBOR (ICE Benchmark Administration Limited) is not included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far 
as the Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Danske Bank 
HSBC 
J.P.Morgan 
NatWest Markets 
RBC Capital Markets 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The date of this Offering Circular is 6 August 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Offering Circular, 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Each of ESB and ESB Finance accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering 
Circular and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of ESB and ESB Finance the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance 
with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Offering Circular shall 
be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated into and form part of this 
Offering Circular. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Offering Circular 
refers does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by 
ESB and/or ESB Finance in connection with the Programme. None of the Dealers or the Trustee accepts 
any liability in relation to the information contained in this Offering Circular or any other information 
provided by ESB and/or ESB Finance in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by ESB, ESB Finance, any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered 
as a recommendation by ESB or ESB Finance, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this 
Offering Circular or of any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of ESB and/or ESB Finance. Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by 
or on behalf of ESB or ESB Finance, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning ESB and/or ESB Finance is correct at 
any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of ESB or 
ESB Finance during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the 
Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II) or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
relevant Notes and which channels for distribution of the relevant Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the relevant Notes (a MiFID II distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a MiFID II distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 of 7 April 2016 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution of the relevant Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the relevant Notes (a UK MiFIR distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK MiFIR distributor subject to the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
relevant Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notice to Ontario permitted investors - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a 
non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts 
of interest in connection with this offering. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds – None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any environmental or 
sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or 
assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or 
similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such opinion or 
certification a recommendation by the Issuers or any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any 
such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other equivalently-
labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer 
or any of the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. ESB, ESB Finance, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Offering Circular 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by ESB, ESB Finance, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Ireland), the UK and Japan, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
This Offering Circular has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
EEA or the UK (each, a “Relevant State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation (in the case of the UK only, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending 
to make an offer in that Relevant State of Notes which are the subject of any offering contemplated in this 
Offering Circular may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for ESB or ESB Finance 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither ESB, ESB Finance nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for ESB or ESB Finance or any Dealer to publish 
or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Offering Circular, all references to: 
 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars, being the legal currency for the time being 
of the United States of America;; 
 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling, being the legal currency for the time being of the United 
Kingdom; and 
 
euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Offering Circular have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them.  
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................. 10 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................... 15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................................... 27 
FORM OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................................................ 29 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 31 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................... 45 
OVERVIEW OF THE ELECTRICITY MARKETS IN IRELAND AND NORTHERN IRELAND ................... 83 
DESCRIPTION OF ESB FINANCE DAC ............................................................................................................ 87 
DESCRIPTION OF ESB ....................................................................................................................................... 88 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................................... 111 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................. 117 
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................................................. 121

--- Page 10 ---
10 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any relevant Dealer may agree that 
Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the 
case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a new Offering Circular or a supplement to the Offering Circular 
will be published which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the 
same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuers: 
Electricity Supply Board and ESB Finance DAC 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
Electricity Supply Board: 635400UFHDIQCDZ6JK11 
ESB Finance DAC: 635400VCPRSU89DLMZ57 
Guarantor (in the case of Notes 
issued by ESB Finance only): 
Electricity Supply Board 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the ability of ESB and ESB 
Finance to fulfil their obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. There are also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme and risks 
relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme.  All of these are set out under “Risk Factors”.  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
NatWest Markets Plc 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
 
Société Générale 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including 
the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
In respect of any Notes having a maturity of less than one year from the 
date of their issue, the relevant Issuer will issue such Notes only in 
accordance with one of the exemptions from the requirement to hold a 
banking licence provided by Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central 
Bank of Ireland pursuant to section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 of 
Ireland, inserted by section 31 of the Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland, 
as amended by section 70(d) of the Central Bank Act 1997 of Ireland. 
Any such Notes will not have the status of a bank deposit and will not be 
within the scope of the Deposit Protection Scheme operated by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. Neither ESB nor ESB Finance are regulated by 
the Central Bank of Ireland. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the FSMA 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and 
have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuers and the Guarantor may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and any other currency 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may be 
redenominated in euro. The relevant provisions applicable to any such 
redenomination are contained in Condition 4 (Redenomination). 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
There are certain regulatory requirements as regards any Notes having a 
maturity of less than a year, as to which see the section above titled 
“Certain Restrictions”. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the 
Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc., and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Index Linked Notes: 
Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes or 
of interest in respect of Index Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by 
reference to an inflation index as the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes and Index 
Linked Interest Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes and Index Linked Interest Notes may also have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. Index Linked 
Interest Notes or Index Linked Redemption Notes may be redeemed 
prior to Final Maturity as further described in Condition 7.7 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption for Indexation Reasons). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Index Linked Interest Notes in 
respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
In the event that the relevant Issuer (in consultation with the Principal 
Paying Agent or such person specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s)) determines that  a Benchmark Event (as defined in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”) has occurred, such that any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms, then such 
rate of interest may be substituted (subject to certain conditions) with a 
successor or alternative rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of 
such Series of Notes and the application of an Adjustment Spread (which 
could be positive, negative or zero)). See Condition 5.7 (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement) for further information. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest.  
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons, indexation reasons, following an Event of Default or a change of 
control) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
The terms of any such redemption, including notice periods, relevant 
redemption dates and prices will be indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may redeem the 
relevant Notes prior to their stated maturity at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions –  
Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above.  
Change of Control Redemption: 
Noteholders will have the option to require the relevant Issuer to redeem 
or, at the relevant Issuer’s option, purchase Notes on the occurrence of 
an Event Risk Put Event, as described in Condition 7.6 (Redemption as a 
result of a Change of Control of the Issuer). 
Redemption for tax reasons: 
Except as described in “Redemption”, “Change of Control Redemption” 
and “Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Notes and Index 
Linked Interest Notes” above, early redemption will only be permitted 
for tax reasons as described in Condition 7.2 (Redemption and Purchase 
– Redemption for tax reasons). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions –  
Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or the UK or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the EEA or the UK in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
EUR100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
EUR, the equivalent amount in such currency).  
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for 
or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as 
provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction 
is made, the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will, 
save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), 
be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 3 (Covenants). 
Asset Sales: 
The terms of the Notes will contain an asset disposals covenant as further 
described in Condition 3 (Covenants). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Covenants)) unsecured 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Guarantee: 
The Notes issued by ESB Finance will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of the 
Guarantor 
under 
its 
guarantee 
will 
be 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 
(Covenants)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and will rank pari 
passu and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Guarantor from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated A3 by Moody's and A- by S&P. S&P is 
established in the EEA and is registered under the CRA Regulation. S&P 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody's is 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The 
list of rating agencies registered under the UK CRA Regulation can be 
found at: https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. Moody's is not established in the 
EEA and has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. The 
ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by ESMA. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned 
to the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its 
regulated market. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither 
listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including Ireland), the UK and Japan and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
RISK FACTORS 
Except where the context otherwise requires, references in this section entitled “Risk Factors” to (a) the 
“Issuer” shall be construed as references to the relevant Issuer of a Series of Notes, (b) the “Guarantor” shall 
be construed as references to the Guarantor with respect to a Series of Notes, if applicable and (c) the 
“Guarantee” shall be construed as references to the Guarantee with respect to a Series of Notes, if applicable. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or under the Guarantee.  There is a wide 
range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and the Guarantor becoming unable to 
make all payments due.  ESB and ESB Finance believe that the factors described below represent the principal 
risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes or the Guarantee may 
occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by ESB and/or ESB Finance based on 
information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate.  
The purchase of Notes involves substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have the knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of an 
investment in the Notes. Before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of Notes should ensure 
that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider 
carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances, financial condition and investment objectives, all the 
information set forth in this Offering Circular as supplemented from time to time. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular and 
reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax 
advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
 
CONTENTS 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP 
1. 
Business risks 
2. 
Political, regulatory and legal risks 
3. 
Financial risks 
4. 
Factors that may affect the ability of ESB Finance to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued by it 
under the Programme 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
5. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
6. 
Risks related to the terms of all Notes 
7. 
Risks related to the market generally 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP 
1.  Business risks 
The economic environment in which the Group operates 
The ability of the Group to maintain and grow its business and profit levels could be adversely affected by 
economic factors, such as a general economic downturn, including as a result of the ongoing pandemic caused by 
the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) or other factors (see further “Implications of COVID-19” below). 
This could result in lower business activity levels and/or lower profitability in existing business lines. In 
addition, the fixed nature of a significant proportion of the Group’s cost base could, in such circumstances, make 
it difficult for the Group to achieve cost savings which may be required in response to lower business activity 
levels. An economic downturn could also adversely affect the ability of the Group to proceed with planned 
investment. Furthermore the value of the Group’s regulated asset base and its allowed cost base is adjusted for 
inflation or deflation as part of the applicable regulatory pricing structure (see further the section of this Offering 
Circular entitled “Description of ESB”). Therefore the occurrence of a significant economic recession in Ireland 
and/or deflation in Ireland could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, prospects and/or 
financial condition. 
Systems and business interruption 
The Group’s ability to manage its operations and engage in critical business tasks is dependent on the efficient 
and uninterrupted operation of its IT, software, hardware and communication systems and on key personnel and

--- Page 16 ---
16 
suppliers who provide, operate or maintain these systems. It is also dependent on the performance of the IT, 
software, hardware and communication systems used by third parties in the course of their dealings with the 
Group. There is a risk that a relevant system could fail due to human error, technical issues outside the control of 
the Group, lack of adherence to internal policies, upgrade failure and/or supplier non-performance.  
Any such failure could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, operating cost, prospects 
and/or financial condition. 
Network, plant and other infrastructure performance and security risk   
The Group’s businesses include the operation and development of electricity networks and also encompass 
certain responsibilities in relation to certain waterways in Ireland. Electricity networks are critical infrastructure 
for electricity users in Ireland and for the economies in Ireland and Northern Ireland. The risk of a major network 
failure or disruption of electricity supply is an inherent part of the business. For example, a failure or disruption 
to network performance, or damage to other infrastructure, could be a consequence of such factors as under-
investment, inadequate maintenance, inadequate planning for future demand, inability to meet the current scale 
of increased demand, system failure, ongoing climate change resulting in more severe weather conditions, 
flooding or natural disasters. In addition, sabotage or other intentional or unlawful acts of third parties may result 
in damage to, or destruction of, plant, networks and other infrastructure owned and/or operated by the Group. 
While ESB Networks DAC (ESB Networks) has a comprehensive asset management strategy in place to 
manage potential risks stemming from its power network and systems, the potential consequences for the Group 
of any of the above risks could include damage to reputation, risk of injury or death or adverse regulatory action, 
and could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, operating cost, prospects and/or financial 
condition. 
The breakdown or malfunction of generation plant, including dams associated with hydro-electric generating 
plants, could also have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, for example as a result of increased exposure 
to SEM pool market prices, increased cost of production, increased maintenance costs and/or reputational 
damage. 
Information security/cyber risk 
Whilst the Group treats the security of its information and systems with the upmost seriousness and employs a 
range of best practice cyber security measures, the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information 
owned or controlled by the Group could be affected by factors that include human error, ineffective design or 
operation of key controls, data theft or through cyber-attack.  Cybersecurity threats have become more prominent 
for all organisations in the last 12 months with sophisticated cyber-attacks on the systems of the Health Service 
Executive in Ireland, SolarWinds, an IT company based in Texas, JBS, the world's largest meat processing 
company and the Colonial Pipeline based in Georgia, the latter example compromising energy security 
throughout the United States of America. 
The impact of any such cybersecurity breach could also have consequences under EU data protection legislation 
such as Regulation (EU) No 2016/679 (GDPR) which could lead to potential fines of up to 10 per cent. of an 
organisation’s global revenues for data protection breaches. 
Loss of data integrity and any compromise of the availability or confidentiality of information or systems held 
and operated by the Group could affect the Group’s ability to conduct day-to-day operations and may have an 
adverse impact on the Group’s business, reputation, results of operations, operating costs, prospects, safety 
and/or financial condition.   
Risks to delivery of increasingly complex network infrastructures and systems 
Given recent global policy trends towards decarbonisation (which is reflected in the CRU’s Price Review 5(PR5) 
– see further the section of this Offering Circular entitled “Description of ESB – ESB Networks Regulated 
Returns”) together with economic growth, there is a risk that ESB might fail to deliver the growing and 
increasingly complex electricity network infrastructures and systems required to meet future customer and 
societal needs, particularly in the areas of accommodating more renewable energy sources, supporting 
wholescale electrification and facilitating distributed energy services. Over time, any such failure may have an 
adverse impact on the Group’s business, reputation, results of operations, prospects, and/or financial condition. 
Security of primary energy sources 
The principal sources of primary energy in the Irish electricity market are gas, coal, hydro and wind. 
Approximately 70 per cent. of the primary energy for electricity production in Ireland is imported fuel. At 
present approximately 50 per cent. of gas used in Ireland is purchased on the UK gas markets, which in turn are 
supplied by production in the UK, European imports and the import of liquefied natural gas. The balance comes 
from indigenous resources, primarily the Corrib gas field.  The Corrib gas field started commercial production in 
late 2015 and has materially reduced the dependence on gas imports in Ireland. Production at Corrib has peaked,

--- Page 17 ---
17 
and output has begun to decline, meaning the proportion of Irish gas attributable to domestic production (as 
opposed to imports) may reduce to zero over the next 15 years.  There is a risk that the Group’s electricity 
generating capability and its financial condition and operations could be materially adversely affected if there is 
any disruption to the importation of fuel into Ireland. 
Implications of COVID-19  
COVID-19 and associated counter-measures have been and continue to affect countries, communities, supply 
chains and markets, including Ireland and the UK since the first quarter of 2020. The emergence of COVID-19 
including variant strains is having far-reaching ramifications on businesses, including the energy industry.  
As ESB’s customers are based in Ireland and the UK, ESB is heavily exposed to the condition of these 
economies and COVID-19 has caused disruption to electricity demand and business activity in both jurisdictions.   
In particular, factors such as levels of employment and change in customers’ income could continue to impact 
ESB’s customers with an associated impact on levels of electricity demand and ESB’s liquidity and financial 
performance.  The extent to which COVID-19 may affect ESB’s liquidity, business, financial condition, and 
reputation will depend on future developments, including the deployment of COVID-19 vaccinations, new 
information concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the emergence of variant strains, all of which remain 
highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. The scope, duration, cost to ESB and overall economic impact of 
actions taken to contain COVID-19 or treat its effects can be both direct (e.g. changes in commodity and 
electricity prices in wholesale markets and/or public health restrictions on ESB’s ability to progress construction 
and other investment projects which may delay their delivery and increase their costs) and indirect via regulatory 
interventions to reduce  electricity prices for end users or to defer or forgo the collection of network user charges, 
negatively impacting on the cashflows and financial strength of ESB and its subsidiaries (the Group).  
COVID-19 and its resultant economic and societal implications may feed into long-term trends including, for 
example, withdrawal of Government supports, which could result in business closures, causing decreased 
customer demand and increased risk of bad debts for ESB. In addition, disruption of supply chains could 
adversely affect ESB’s network and generation operations. COVID-19 has also resulted in altered economic 
circumstances in ESB’s market which could negatively affect the liquidity and financial performance of those 
who use ESB’s distribution and transmission system which would in turn impact on ESB’s liquidity and 
financial performance. 
Growing Competitive Intensity in Generation and Retail Services’ Markets 
Growing competitive intensity in business segments that have a key role in delivering ESB’s strategy also poses 
a significant risk for ESB. The emergence of competitive auction processes for renewable energy, capacity 
supports and a changing competitor landscape in generation and retail (including movements into the sector by 
large oil and gas companies) poses a significant risk to the cashflows, returns and market share of ESB’s 
generation and energy supply businesses and ESB strategy delivery (see further the section of this Offering 
Circular entitled “Overview of the Electricity Markets in Ireland and Northern Ireland – Single Electricity 
Market”). 
Disruptive markets / technology risk 
Significant changes to energy markets internationally are being driven by the advent of new commercial 
generation and storage technologies, new competitor business models, changing customer preferences and the 
impact of new customer platforms. The Group is monitoring the potential for these developments to impact on its 
existing businesses and is also, in the evolution of the Group’s strategy, seeking to develop new businesses and 
services to exploit the opportunities that will arise.  
However, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to continue to fully address the challenges that 
may arise and should it be unable to do so, that may have an adverse impact on the Group’s businesses. The 
emergence of these technologies and new forms of competition pose a significant risk to the cashflows and 
market share of ESB’s generation and energy supply businesses in the short-term. In addition and over the 
longer-term, the adoption of new technologies, combined with changes to networks’ regulatory models to 
enhance levels of contestability, may also reduce the earnings and profitability of ESB’s regulated networks 
businesses.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
SEM 
An overview of the Single Electricity Market (SEM), within which ESB operates, is outlined in the “Overview of 
the Electricity Markets in Ireland and Northern Ireland – Single Electricity Market” section in this Offering 
Circular. A feature of the SEM design is an auction system for awarding capacity contracts on a yearly basis for 
existing generators and awarding ten-year capacity contracts for new build generation capacity.  Failure by ESB 
to secure capacity contracts for its generation units could result in lower revenues and have an adverse effect on 
the Group’s financial position, operations and prospects. 
SEM also includes an ancillary services regime which provides reward for units supporting network resilience in 
order to facilitate higher levels of intermittent renewable generation on the system.  Competition continues to 
grow in the provision of ancillary services which, coupled with greater penetration of renewables depressing the 
energy price, means the stability of revenues from energy, capacity markets and ancillary services is uncertain 
and as such, could result in lower revenues and reduced profits for generators under SEM, including for the 
Group.   
Changes to the SEM introduced in October 2018 provide a link between the Irish and European markets and also 
presents uncertainty and increased complexity for the business of ESB. The Protocol on Ireland/Northern Ireland 
provides for the continued application of applicable EU energy legislation in Northern Ireland (NI) 
(notwithstanding the UK’s departure from the EU), with a view to preserving the continuation of the SEM, 
although there is provision for review of this arrangement by the NI Assembly over time and the longer term 
implications for the SEM cannot be known if legislation or policy in each jurisdiction ultimately diverges.  
Any divergence in legislation would increase the complexity of operating in the SEM and the associated costs, 
which could have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations, prospects and financial condition. 
2.   Political, regulatory and legal risks 
Regulation of markets and networks 
A significant part of the business activities of ESB and the Group are carried on in regulated markets and are 
therefore subject to regulation as licensed activities.   As a vertically integrated undertaking, ESB is subject to a 
broad range of licence obligations and to various legal and regulatory ring-fencing and unbundling 
obligations.  Any non-compliance with applicable obligations could lead to investigation, sanctions, or ultimately 
loss of licence and/or, in the case of unbundling obligations, the imposition of more onerous structural 
unbundling or divestment requirements.  Whilst ESB has rigorous compliance measures in place, there is 
inevitably a degree of residual risk, for example that based on subjective analysis, a competent authority such as 
a regulator could make an unfavourable decision. 
In particular, changes to the regulatory regimes operated by the Irish energy regulator, the Commission for 
Regulation of Utilities (CRU) or by the Northern Ireland energy regulator, the Northern Ireland Authority for 
Utility Regulation (UR), the United Kingdom’s Office of Gas and Electricity Markets (OFGEM) and/or changes 
in regulated rates of return, or the basis on which such rates of return are calculated, including, for example, the 
continued use of the Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM), and/or changes in margins earned by the Group, 
could impact adversely on the Group’s financial performance, operations and prospects. Even in markets where 
the Group is not subject to price regulation directly, changes to the structure or regulation of the relevant market 
could have an adverse impact on the Group’s financial performance, operations and prospects. The Price Review 
for the period 2021-2025 (inclusive) (PR) was completed in December 2020 for ESB Networks and agreed with 
the CRU. The PR, given the scale of capital expenditure required to meet climate and other energy policy 
requirements and potential pressure on regulated returns stemming from concerns over increases in Networks’ 
tariffs has the potential to pose risks to the financial strength of the Group. Under PR5, available performance 
incentives have been increased and a cost incentive has been introduced which will allow ESB to retain revenue 
associated with the efficient delivery of outputs. Failure on behalf of ESB Networks to meet such incentives may 
result in significantly reduced earnings for the Group as well as regulatory penalties being imposed on the 
Group. 
There has been an increased occurrence of electricity system “amber alerts” reflecting concerns among electricity 
system operators in Ireland and the UK regarding the amount of available generation capacity to meet system 
needs.  Amber alerts are issued when the electricity system comes under pressure to meet demand, often at 
periods of low wind. In the event of power outages, there may be a risk of political or regulatory action which 
could have a detrimental financial or reputational impact against ESB and other electricity market participants.      
Environmental (including Climate Policy), health and safety risks  
Many of the Group’s activities have potential for significant environmental impact and are regulated by relevant 
national authorities in the EU under the general framework for integrated pollution prevention and control and 
under other relevant national and EU legislation.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Current public policy, designed to reduce the impact of greenhouse gases through societal decarbonisation at 
national and European level, could pose financial risks for the Group over the short and long-term by way of 
reduced profitability from thermal generation plants and/or thermal station closures ahead of schedule. 
In addition, any delays in the creation of the framework for planning consent for offshore wind generation 
projects and their connection to the existing network could impede progress toward implementation of the Group 
strategy. An increase in competition for offshore licences is another potential risk to strategy delivery. 
The Group’s businesses are increasingly influenced by global climate change. Failure to adhere to current or 
future legislation aimed at addressing climate change could adversely impact on the Group’s operations or 
commercial position. Climate change induced changes to the environment, such as increased frequency of 
extreme weather conditions may also pose operational challenges. Failure to respond adequately to the risks 
posed by both climate change and policies designed to mitigate it, could have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
results of operations, operating cost, reputation and/or financial condition. 
In common with other electricity utilities, the Group uses and generates hazardous and potentially hazardous 
products and by-products in the course of its operations. There is a risk that a major safety or environmental 
impact incident could occur due to accident, human error and/or non-compliance with policies leading to loss of 
life, injury, property damage and/or financial penalties or loss, security of supply issues, reputational damage 
and/or adverse regulatory consequences for the Group.  
Geopolitical risks 
Geopolitical risks remain relevant for the Group.  Principally, as at the date of this Offering Circular, the long-
term impact on the Group’s business of the UK’s departure from the EU (which was completed on 31 December 
2020 with the end of the 12-month transition period and the passing in the UK of the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 (the EUWA)) remain uncertain.  While the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement was entered into simultaneously with the UK’s formal departure from the EU, there remains a 
concern around trading and other economic arrangements (including on energy related matters) between the UK 
and the European Union.   
The full political and economic consequences of Brexit are likely to emerge over the next number of years. 
However, any negative impact on the wider UK economy (where the Group has commercial interests) or on the 
Irish economy resulting from Brexit could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, prospects 
and/or financial condition 
State ownership and Government control  
ESB is majority owned by the Government of Ireland (see further the section of this Offering Circular entitled 
“Description of ESB – Overview”). As such, the Group’s strategy, business operations, capital structure, 
corporate and environmental policies, profitability, dividend policy and level of retained profit are directly and 
indirectly influenced by decisions of the Government of Ireland over which the Group has no control. There is a 
risk that dividend policy could be changed such that the retained profits of the Group are lower. In addition, 
under its governing legislation, ESB is required to obtain the consent of the Minister for Environment, Climate 
and Communications, the Minister for Finance and/or the Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform of Ireland 
in order to engage in a variety of commercial transactions. There can be no assurance that such consents will be 
forthcoming when requested by the management of ESB and failure to obtain same could negatively impact 
profitability of the Group. Political developments (including the composition and identity of the Government of 
Ireland from time to time) and considerations, therefore, have the ability to adversely impact upon the Group’s 
business, results of operations, operating costs, prospects and/or financial condition. 
3.  Financial risks 
Financial market & commodity price risks 
The Group is exposed to a variety of wholesale market trading and financial market risks, including interest rate, 
foreign exchange, counterparty credit, funding, commodity and liquidity risks. Entities in the Group are party to 
various hedging arrangements including, without limitation, commodity prices, interest rate, inflation-linked, and 
foreign exchange swaps which are intended to mitigate such risks but which also carry their own counterparty 
risks.  The Group's exposure to funding and liquidity risks can be exacerbated by factors such as (i) debt 
repayment requirements; (ii) cash collateral or break provisions within derivative contracts to which Group 
members are party; and (iii) unanticipated changes in the level or timing of revenues or capital and operating 
expenditure requirements. In particular, cash collateral requirements in respect of marked to market movements 
in the value of open forward fuel commodity trades can have an impact on the timing (although not the ultimate 
cost) of hedged fuel commodity purchases. In addition, reductions in anticipated electricity demand (for example 
arising from the ongoing COVID-19 crisis) could lead to Group entities becoming over-hedged in respect of 
such forward fuel commodity requirements. The Group seeks to ensure that all of these risks are, monitored,

--- Page 20 ---
20 
reported and managed within a strict framework of controls and procedures. Nevertheless, there can be no 
assurance that market, political or legislative developments will not have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial performance.   
ESB has exposure to the wholesale price of power, fuels and carbon allowances in connection with its electricity 
generation and supply activities and the volatility of these products has increased in recent years. There is a risk 
that the Group's profits could be materially affected by changes in the price of power, fuel and carbon allowances 
and by relative movements in the cost of generation.   
Where possible, the Group applies IFRS 9 hedge accounting treatment to its treasury related derivative 
transactions.  However certain derivative transactions, including, but not limited to, the Group's inflation-linked 
(Retail Price Index or RPI) swaps, which hedge a large proportion of the debt associated with the Group's 
Northern Ireland network assets, are not eligible for such hedge accounting treatment. The marked to market 
valuation of these swaps is influenced by changes in UK real interest and forward inflation rates.  Therefore the 
volatility in the marked to market valuation of these swaps, which can be significant, impacts the Group’s 
income statement and, depending on the marked to market valuation on any reporting date, could have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s reported profits for that period.   
See further “Description of ESB – ESB’s Summary Financial Information”. 
Borrowing restrictions and covenants 
ESB is subject to certain covenants and restrictions under the terms of its senior unsecured debt securities and 
credit facilities. There is a risk that ESB will fail to comply with such restrictions, or covenants and this could 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s ability to refinance its debt with an associated impact on interest costs. 
4.  Factors that may affect the ability of ESB Finance to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued by it under 
the Programme 
ESB Finance is a special purpose financing entity 
ESB Finance is a special purpose financing entity with no business operations other than the entry into of 
financing arrangements (including the issuance of Notes under the Programme), the lending of the proceeds to 
ESB or other members of the Group, the giving of intra-group guarantees, and the entry into of certain ancillary 
arrangements, including related hedging contracts. ESB Finance’s only material assets are receivables due to it 
from ESB or other members of the Group under intra-Group financing arrangements and/or from third parties. 
Therefore, ESB Finance is subject to all risks to which ESB is subject, to the extent that such risks could limit 
ESB’s or the relevant Group recipient’s ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis its obligations to ESB 
Finance under such loans.  
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
5.  Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in Index Linked Notes. In particular, an investor 
might receive less interest than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or the 
entire principal amount invested by it 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an inflation index. Potential 
investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile;

--- Page 21 ---
21 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
the inflation index may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if the inflation index is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable 
likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in the inflation index may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in inflation index, the 
greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of the relevant inflation index should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such inflation index during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential investor should 
consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes linked to an 
inflation index and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the 
interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium from 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than the market 
values of conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it 
is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less 
than the Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not 
receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Notes designated as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets 
ESB and/or ESB Finance may issue Notes that are designated as “Green Bonds” in the relevant Final Terms. It is 
intended that the proceeds of the issuance of such Green Bonds will be applied towards eligible energy efficiency 
measures or other environmentally sustainable projects (Green Projects) as described in the ESB green bond 
framework which is published on the website of the Guarantor (available at https://www.esb.ie/docs/default-
source/investor-relations-documents/esb-bond-framework-2019) (the Green Bond Framework).  Prospective 
investors should have regard to the information set out in this Offering Circular, the relevant Final Terms and the

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Green Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary.  There is a risk that the use of such proceeds or terms of such Notes will not satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own internal policies, governing rules or investment mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any funded projects.    
No assurance is or can be given to investors by any Issuer or any of the Dealers that any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social 
and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or an equivalently-labelled project 
continues to evolve (including as a result of the introduction of the EU Taxonomy (as defined below) and similar 
classification schemes in other jurisdictions), and such Green Projects may not reflect these developments. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any Green Projects. 
While it is the intention of the Issuers to apply the proceeds of Green Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the Green Projects, as the case may be, 
will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any 
applicable timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such Green Projects. No Issuer will have a contractual obligation to apply the proceeds of 
Green Bonds towards Green Projects.  Furthermore, there can be no assurance that such Green Projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or 
anticipated by the relevant Issuer and/or Guarantor. Any such event or failure by the relevant Issuer and/or 
Guarantor will not constitute an event of default under the relevant Green Bonds.  
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds under the Programme, a sustainable rating agency or other 
institutions or persons with recognised expertise in environmental sustainability may issue an opinion or 
certificate (whether or not requested by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor) on (amongst other things) general 
compliance of the Green Bond Framework with the Green Bond Principles as published by the International 
Capital Markets Association and/or the suitability of the Green Bonds as an investment in connection with 
certain environmental and sustainability projects. No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited 
by the relevant Issuer and/or Guarantor) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes 
and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Offering Circular. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any 
such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. In addition, although the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor may agree at the time of 
issue of any Green Bonds to certain reporting and use of proceeds obligations it would not be an event of default 
under the relevant Notes if the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor fails to comply with such obligations.  
In the event any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated ‘green’, environmental sustainable or 
any other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated) no 
representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are requirements to 
comply whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses of funds. No representation or assurance is given or made 
by the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will

--- Page 23 ---
23 
be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of the Notes.   
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any cessation of the listing or admission to trading of such Green 
Bonds on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme.  
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks"  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including LIBOR and EURIBOR) are the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have an adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU.  Among other things, (i) it 
requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) it prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks 
and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-
UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant 
"benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark".   
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain "benchmarks" (including LIBOR or EURIBOR): (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the "benchmark"; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing the relevant "benchmark".  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Future discontinuance of LIBOR and/or EURIBOR may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
which reference LIBOR or EURIBOR 
Financial Regulators in a number of key jurisdictions are strongly encouraging the transition away from 
Interbank Offered Rates (IBORs), such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, and have identified "risk free rates" to 
eventually take the place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a 
reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), so that SONIA may be established as the primary sterling 
interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021 and (ii) for EONIA, a new Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) as the new 
euro risk free rate and which may, in time be introduced as a fallback should EURIBOR ever be viewed as no 
longer being representative of the underlying market under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The risk free rates 
have a different methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they will eventually replace and 
have little historical track record. It is considered unlikely that certain IBORs will continue long-term in their 
current form.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 
2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, published 
a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which 
this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR 
settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement 
on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on 
which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the FCA announcement). Permanent cessation will occur 
immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese 
Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30th June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. 
In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese 
Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require 
IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 
2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings 
will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately 
after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 
June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR 
settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022.   
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to 
reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark Any of the 
foregoing changes or any consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
incentives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
Notes, linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependant on (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark.  
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that an Original Reference 
Rate (as defined in the Conditions) and/or any screen page on which an Original Reference Rate is published (or 
any other successor page) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs. The 
FCA announcement referred to above may constitute such a Benchmark Event. Such fallback arrangements 
include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (both as defined in the Conditions) with the application of an Adjustment Spread and may 
include amendments to the Conditions of the Notes, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed to ensure the 
proper operation of the successor or alternative benchmark, all as determined by an Independent Advisor (acting 
in good faith).  The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (with the application of an Adjustment 
Spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or (in either 
case) Adjustment Spread is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of 
Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applies to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to 
the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates, the involvement 
of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of the 
international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". 
6.  Risks related to the terms of all Notes

--- Page 25 ---
25 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised without the consent of the 
Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders (including by way of audio or 
videoconference call) to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and without 
regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation 
of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of 
the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the 
substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the relevant Issuer, in the 
circumstances described in Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution).  In 
addition, Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) provides that the 
Trustee shall be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark Amendments on the terms and 
subject to the conditions as set out in Condition 5.7 (Interest – Benchmark Replacement) without the consent or 
approval of Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The consequences of any such determinations by a defined majority of the Noteholders and/or the Trustee could 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes and/or the return on the Notes.  
7.  Risks related to the market generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions 
(which continue at the date of this Offering Circular), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the 
secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering 
losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the performance of the assets of ESB or 
ESB Finance. Neither ESB nor ESB Finance can predict which of these circumstances will change and whether, 
if and when they do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the Notes 
at that time. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make payments under the 
Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other 
than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
ESB is currently rated by S&P and Moody’s (see the sub-section entitled “Rating” in the section of this Offering 
Circular entitled “Overview of the Programme”). 
The methodology employed by each of S&P and Moody’s to ascribe credit ratings to state-owned energy utilities 
such as ESB may change from time to time.  Relevant factors within such methodology may include, without 
limitation, the sovereign rating of the relevant state.  Accordingly, for so long as ESB remains majority owned by 
the Government of Ireland, any downgrading of Ireland’s sovereign credit rating may contribute towards, or 
result in, a corresponding downgrading of ESB’s credit rating. 
There can be no assurance that the credit rating agencies will maintain ESB’s current credit ratings or outlooks. 
A failure to maintain favourable credit ratings or outlooks could increase ESB’s cost of funding, adversely affect 
ESB’s interest margins, and reduce its ability to secure both long-term and short-term funding. The occurrence of 
any of these events could have a material adverse effect on ESB’s operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Offering Circular and have been filed with Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Offering Circular: 
a) the auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 of ESB, at pages 114 to 211 (inclusive) of the ‘ESB Annual Report and Financial 
Statements 2020’ which is available on the website of ESB at https://esb.ie/docs/default-
source/investor-relations-documents/esb-annual-results-and-accounts-2020-06.pdf?sfvrsn=e45407f0_4; 
b) the auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 of ESB, at pages 110 to 209 (inclusive) of the ‘ESB Annual Report and Financial 
Statements 2019’ which is available on the website of ESB at http://esb.ie/docs/default-source/investor-
relations-documents/esb_ar_2019_full_interactive_updated23-4-2019.pdf?sfvrsn=36c306f0_2; 
c) the auditors' report and audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 of ESB Finance,  at pages 7 to 28 (inclusive) of the 'ESB Finance Designated Activity Company, 
Directors' Report and Financial Statements year ended 31 December 2020’ which is available on the 
website of ESB at http://esb.ie/docs/default-source/investor-relations-documents/2020-esb-finance-dac-
financial-statements.pdf?sfvrsn=826c07f0_2; 
d) the auditors' report and audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019 of ESB Finance,  at pages 7 to 30 (inclusive) of the 'ESB Finance Designated Activity Company, 
Directors' Report and Financial Statements year ended 31 December 2019’ which is available on the 
website of ESB at http://esb.ie/docs/default-source/investor-relations-documents/esb-finance-dac-
financial-statements-2019.pdf?sfvrsn=d39e06f0_2; 
e) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous offering circular dated 10 July 2020 on 
pages 41 to 73 (inclusive) prepared by ESB and ESB Finance in connection with the Programme, which 
is available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_2595b6e1-26cf-47dd-ba7e-226d5db0c31a.pdf; 
f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous offering circular dated 21 May 2019 on 
pages 46-78 prepared by ESB and ESB Finance in connection with the Programme, which is available 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_74ca2492-8e73-4571-b816-2c407cbbf950.PDF; 
g) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous offering circular dated 25 October 2018 
on pages 43-75 prepared by ESB and ESB Finance in connection with the Programme, which is 
available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_5d18089e-fbb8-4cea-b9e7-e69b1e4cd0b6.PDF; 
h) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous offering circular dated 30 June 2017 on 
pages 40-72 prepared by ESB and ESB Finance in connection with the Programme, which is available 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/prospectus-app+sub-esb_d42bf667-d3e5-486f-b2ec-ad69ad2e0656.PDF; 
i) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous offering circular dated 24 May 2016 on 
pages 39-72 prepared by ESB and ESB Finance in connection with the Programme, which is available 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_2a3d9a0d-385a-4ea4-9ea9-3562d97272c0.pdf; 
j) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous offering circular dated 24 October 2014  
on pages 36-69 prepared by ESB and ESB Finance in connection with the Programme, which is 
available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_8ef6393f-3060-41e8-b95b-728d3b408468.PDF; 
 
k) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous offering circular dated 28 January 2013 
on pages 35-66 prepared by ESB and ESB Finance in connection with the Programme, which is 
available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_d884728b-72be-4c23-becf-62eccaf3137f.PDF; 
l) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous offering circular dated 4 November 
2011 on pages 37-68 prepared by ESB and ESB Finance in connection with the Programme, which is 
available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_0fb7cada-269c-4f6c-becb-5a921d1aa033.PDF; and

--- Page 28 ---
28 
m) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous offering circular dated 12 February 2010 
on pages 33-66 (inclusive), which is available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/201002/1435dec2-45ad-4013-a051-
519169a65369.PDF 
Any documents incorporated by reference in the documents referred to above do not form part of this Offering 
Circular. 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by ESB and ESB Finance and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the 
extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise) be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Offering Circular. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular can be obtained from the registered 
office of each Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
ESB and ESB Finance will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note 
(a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in either 
case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the 
Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) only to the extent that certification to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the 
Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests in 
such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either for 
(i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Notes of the same Series with, 
where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in 
the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. 
The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as 
defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the relevant 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to 
the Trustee is available. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and on all interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on 
any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal Paying 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer, or as the case 
may be, the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable so to do within 
60 days and the failure or inability shall be continuing.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE 
[Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme (1) with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and/or (2) 
that are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to 
which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[MiFID II PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a MiFID II distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer [’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a MiFID II distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer [’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR), only; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a UK MiFIR distributor) should take into 
                                                     
1  
Where the Notes are (i) not the subject of a public offer which requires the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation and (ii) not listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and not admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin or on any other regulated market in the European Economic Area and in the United Kingdom, all references to 
the Prospectus Regulation and final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, shall be deleted. 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the relevant issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”. 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the relevant issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
consideration the manufacturer [’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK MiFIR distributor subject to the 
UK Financial Conduct Authority Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer [’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Date] 
[Electricity Supply Board/ESB Finance DAC]  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [[635400UFHDIQCDZ6JK11]/[635400VCPRSU89DLMZ57]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Electricity Supply Board] 
under the EUR5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated 6 August 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering Circular). [This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.]4 The Offering Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) set 
forth in the Offering Circular dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [date]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 6 August 2021. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 6 August 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [date], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering Circular) 
in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 
Offering Circular dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [date]]. The Offering Circular has been 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
The Offering Circular has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Central Bank of Ireland has only approved the base prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of these 
Final Terms and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000, €125,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
                                                     
4  
This sentence may be deleted or modified in the case of a Tranche of Notes which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor offered in the European Economic Area or the United 
Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
[Electricity Supply Board/ESB Finance] 
(b) 
[Guarantor: 
Electricity Supply Board] 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes become 
fungible) 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph [26] below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[  ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[  ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus 
accrued 
interest 
from 
[insert 
date] 
(if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above €100,000 
or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”) 
 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted to 
trading on an European Economic Area or United 
Kingdom exchange; and (ii) only offered in the 
European Economic Area or United Kingdom in 
circumstances where a prospectus is not required to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
€100,000 minimum denomination is not required.) 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(in 
relation 
to 
calculation of interest on Notes in global 
form see Conditions): 
[  ]  
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[  ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date:5 
[Specify date or for 
Floating Rate Notes – Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[   ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/- [ ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]/[17] below) 
10. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there /Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[(see paragraph [19]/[20]/[21] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of  
Notes [and Guarantee] obtained: 
[ ]  [and [ ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to Notes in 
global form see Conditions): 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
                                                     
5  
Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue must bear the following legend on page 1 of the 
Final Terms: 
“The Notes constitute Commercial Paper for the purposes of Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central Bank of Ireland (the 
Notice). The Notes are issued in accordance with one of the exemptions from the requirement to hold a banking licence provided 
by the Notice pursuant to section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 of Ireland, inserted by section 31 of the Central Bank Act 
1989 of Ireland, as amended by section 70(d) of the Central Bank Act 1997 of Ireland. The Notes do not have the status of a bank 
deposit and are not within the scope of the Deposit Protection Scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not 
regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.” 
Any such Notes must be issued and transferable in a minimum amount of €125,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 35 ---
35 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in definitive 
form (and in relation to Notes in global 
form see Conditions): 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable]  
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon] 
(g) 
Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(h) 
Step Up Margin: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Step-up Coupon 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[  ]][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[  ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[  ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[  ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
  
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[  ] 
(Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro 
LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR and the second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[  ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination:

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[  ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[  ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[  ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR which, 
depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ]  per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(m) Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(n) 
Step Up Margin: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(o) 
Maximum Step-up Coupon 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ]  per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[  ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
17. 
Index Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[Give name of inflation index] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent: 
[        ] 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest (if not the Calculation Agent) 
[  ]

--- Page 37 ---
37 
and Interest Amount (if not the Agent): 
(d) 
Provisions for determining Coupon where 
calculation by reference to Index and/or 
Formula is impossible or impracticable: 
Condition [5.5] will apply 
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[  ] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[  ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(k) 
Minimum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(l) 
Maximum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(m) Limited Indexation Month(s) or Period for 
calculation of Limited Indexation Factor: 
[  ] 
(n) 
Limited 
Indexation 
Month 
Reference 
Period: 
[  ]  
(o) 
Index/Index Figure: 
[  ][Specify relevant inflation index] 
(p) 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(q) 
Indexation Month Reference Period X: 
[  ] 
(r) 
Indexation Month Reference Period Y: 
[  ] 
(s) 
Base Index Figure (Condition [5.4])): 
[  ] 
(t) 
Reference Gilt: 
[  ] 
(u) 
Sovereign: 
[  ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[  ] 
(d) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee) 
20. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
 
[Applicable/Applicable from and including [date] to 
but excluding [date]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
[Euro]/[Sterling] Reference Stock: 
[Include details of underlying reference stock] 
(b) 
Discount Margin: 
[Include relevant percentage]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Determination Date: 
[  ] Business Days immediately preceding the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date 
(d) 
Determination Agent 
[  ] 
(e) 
If redeemable in part: 
(i) 
Minimum Make Whole Redemption 
Amount: 
(ii) 
Maximum Make Whole Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] 
[  ] 
(f) 
Notice Period: 
 
Minimum period [ ] days 
Maximum period [ ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee) 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example,

--- Page 39 ---
39 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
23. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons, indexation 
reasons (if applicable) or on a change of control 
or an event of default: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. 
of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider).  If, however, 
the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value, consideration should be 
given as to what the Early Redemption Amount should 
be.) 
24. 
Maximum Index Redemption Amount: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable for Index Linked Redemption 
Notes) 
25. 
Minimum Index Redemption Amount: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable for Index Linked Redemption 
Notes) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
[Form:] 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed 
to 
be 
applicable 
if 
the 
Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000.”) 
(b) 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]]  
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) and 17(g) relate) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made/No] 
29. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
(Redenomination applicable Condition [4] will apply)

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the][The] Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not Applicable]. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
By: ...............................................................................  
By: ............................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin and to listing on  
the official list of Euronext Dublin with effect from  
[ ].[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
and to listing on  the official list of Euronext Dublin 
with effect from [    ].][Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[ ]  
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to 
be] rated] / [The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms].  
[Brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
[Each of] [defined terms] is established in the EEA and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) 
[Each of] [defined terms] is established in the United 
Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Offering 
Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) 
Green Bonds: 
 [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[(ii)  Reasons for the offer: 
[ ] [Green Projects] 
[If relevant to the applicable Final Terms, the 
following language shall be included]. 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be

--- Page 42 ---
42 
applied exclusively to finance or refinance, in whole or 
in part, Green Projects (as defined below) which meet 
the Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). 
"ESB Green Bond Framework" means the ESB 
green bond framework prepared by the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] which is published on the website of the 
[Issuer]/[Guarantor] 
(available 
at 
https://www.esb.ie/docs/default-source/investor-
relations-documents/esb-bond-framework-2019). 
"Green Projects" means those projects that are 
described as “Eligible Green Projects” in the ESB 
Green Bond Framework. 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the eligibility criteria 
applicable to Green Projects as set out in the ESB 
Green Bond Framework.  
Details of the external review[s] conducted (and/or to 
be conducted) in connection with the Notes are set out 
in the ESB Green Bond Framework. 
[(ii)]  Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ]   
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/FORMULA AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING (Index-linked Notes only) 
[details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index/formula can be obtained.] 
[details of where the information about the index can be obtained.] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
(N.B. This paragraph [6] only applies if the Notes are derivative securities to which Annex 17 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (2019/980) applies.) 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ ]  
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ]  
(iii) CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]6, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) FISN: 
[[See/[[include code]7, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
                                                     
6 The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
7 The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
(v) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear  and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ]  
(viii) Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  
Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No.  
Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]   
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a KID will be prepared in the EEA, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a KID will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be

--- Page 44 ---
44 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 45 ---
45 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor 
offered in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the 
following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference 
should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by either Electricity Supply Board (ESB) or ESB 
Finance Limited (ESB Finance) as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Issuer) constituted by a Trust 
Deed dated 12 February 2010 made between ESB and ESB Finance as issuers, ESB as guarantor of Notes issued 
by ESB Finance (the Guarantor) and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall 
include any successor as Trustee) (as supplemented by a First Supplemental Trust Deed dated 28 January 2013, a 
Second Supplemental Trust Deed dated 24 October 2014, a Third Supplemental Trust Deed dated 10 July 2020 
and as further supplemented by a Fourth Supplemental Trust Deed dated 6 August 2021, as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Trust Deed). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement 
dated 28 January 2013 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) and made between ESB and ESB Finance as issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include 
any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or if this Note is a 
Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in 
the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation, may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  The expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not 
have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the Noteholders, which 
expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below) and the 
holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (a) 
are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms 
and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement 
are available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office for the time being of the Trustee

--- Page 46 ---
46 
being on 6 August 2021 at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) the applicable Final Terms will 
be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). If this Note is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor offered in 
the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder 
holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is ESB Finance), the Trustee and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and 
identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, are bound by and are entitled to 
the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which 
are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or an Index Linked 
Interest Note, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms, or a combination of 
any of the foregoing if any Change of Interest Basis is so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may be an Index Linked Redemption Note, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is ESB Finance), the Paying Agents and the Trustee will (except as otherwise required 
by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set 
out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is ESB Finance), the Paying Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of 
such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance), any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note 
and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of 
Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it 
shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. References 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to

--- Page 47 ---
47 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
2.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3 (Covenants)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and (subject as aforesaid and save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding. 
2.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
Where the Issuer is ESB Finance, the payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and all 
other moneys payable by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Trust Deed has been unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Trust Deed (the Guarantee). The obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3 (Covenants)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (subject as aforesaid and save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
3. 
COVENANTS 
3.1 
Negative pledge applicable to the Issuer 
The Issuer undertakes that so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
it will not and, where the Issuer is ESB, shall ensure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries (as defined 
below) will, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance 
or security interest (each a Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its/their respective assets or 
revenues of whatever nature present or future, to secure any Relevant Debt (other than Non Recourse 
Indebtedness, as defined in Condition 3.2 below), or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any 
Relevant Debt (other than Non Recourse Indebtedness), unless at the same time or prior thereto the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes (a) are secured equally and rateably therewith or benefit from a 
Security Interest or guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical terms (to the extent permitted by 
Irish or other applicable law or regulation) thereto or (b) have the benefit of such other security, 
guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as the Trustee shall deem not to be materially less beneficial to 
the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
3.2 
Negative Pledge applicable to the Guarantor 
The Guarantor undertakes that so long as any of the Notes issued by ESB Finance remain outstanding it 
will not, and shall ensure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its/their respective assets or revenues of whatever nature 
present or future, to secure any Relevant Debt (other than Non Recourse Indebtedness), or any guarantee 
of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt (other than Non Recourse Indebtedness), unless at the 
same time or prior thereto the Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee (a) are secured equally and 
rateably therewith or benefit from a Security Interest or guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical 
terms (to the extent permitted by Irish or other applicable law or regulation) thereto or (b) have the benefit 
of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as the Trustee shall deem not to be 
materially less beneficial to the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Group means ESB and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Non Recourse Indebtedness means any Relevant Debt incurred by a member of the Group on terms that 
the provider(s) of the Relevant Debt shall have recourse for repayment of such Relevant Debt and for 
payment of interest thereon only to revenues generated by and/or the proceeds of realisation of, specified 
asset(s) held by such member of the Group. 
Principal Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary (other than a Special Purpose Subsidiary) of ESB: 
(a) 
whose EBITDA or whose total assets represent in each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of ESB and its Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated EBITDA of ESB and its Subsidiaries, or, as the case may be, consolidated total 
assets, of ESB and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to 
the then latest audited consolidated accounts of ESB and its Subsidiaries and the then latest

--- Page 48 ---
48 
audited unconsolidated accounts of such Subsidiary, provided that, in the case of a Subsidiary of 
ESB acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of ESB and its Subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of ESB and its Subsidiaries for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until 
consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts 
as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant 
audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by ESB; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of ESB which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, provided 
that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal 
Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this 
subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of ESB and its Subsidiaries for 
the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as 
aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal 
Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior 
to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or 
assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of ESB and its Subsidiaries relate, generate EBITDA equal to) not less than 10 per cent. 
of the consolidated EBITDA of ESB and its Subsidiaries, or represent (or, in the case aforesaid, 
are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of ESB and its Subsidiaries 
taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the 
transferor Subsidiary (if a Principal Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a 
Principal Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets 
generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate EBITDA equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated EBITDA of ESB and its Subsidiaries, or its assets represent (or, in the case 
aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of ESB and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the 
transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) on 
the date on which the consolidated accounts of ESB and its Subsidiaries for the financial period 
current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor 
Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the 
date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue 
of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other 
applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed. 
A report by two Directors of ESB addressed to the Trustee that in their opinion a Subsidiary of ESB is or is 
not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary may 
be relied upon by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
Relevant Debt means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of, or represented 
by, bonds, notes or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange or other organised securities market. 
Special Purpose Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary of ESB which itself has no Subsidiaries (other 
than a Subsidiary which is a company which falls within paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition) and which 
either: 
(a) 
is established to be the holding company of a company of the type described in paragraph (b) of this 
definition and the business of which is comprised wholly or substantially of holding shares or other 
equity interests in a company of the type described in paragraph (b) of this definition; or 
(b) 
is established solely for the purposes of (i) the design or structure or building of a specified asset or 
project and/or (ii) holding a specified asset or project and/or receiving revenues therefrom, and/or 
(iii) incurring Non Recourse Indebtedness, and matters ancillary thereto. 
Subsidiary means an entity of which a person has direct or indirect control or owns directly or indirectly 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of ownership.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
3.3 
Sales of Assets 
(a) 
ESB will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or any 
substantial part (as defined in paragraph (b) of this Condition 3.3) of the assets of ESB or the Group 
(whether by a single transaction or a number of related transactions and whether at the same time or 
over a period of time), provided, however, that: 
(i) 
ESB or the Issuer where the Issuer is ESB Finance (or any other Subsidiary substituted as 
issuer pursuant to Condition 15.2) may sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all 
of its assets to any other Person (an Acquiror) if (x) such Acquiror (1) is a solvent entity 
organised under the laws of any Approved Jurisdiction and a certificate of two directors of the 
Acquiror (or other officers acceptable to the Trustee) that the Acquiror is solvent both at the 
time at which the relevant transaction is proposed to be effected and immediately thereafter and 
is organised under the laws of any Approved Jurisdiction shall be conclusive evidence thereof 
and binding on all parties, (2) is immediately thereafter engaged (on a consolidated basis) in 
any similar line of business as ESB and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, and (3) 
executes a trust deed or some other form of undertaking is given by the Acquiror in form and 
manner satisfactory to the Trustee, agreeing to be bound by the provisions of the Trust Deed 
and these Conditions with any consequential amendments (including where the Acquiror is 
incorporated, domiciled or resident in, or subject generally to the taxing jurisdiction of, a 
territory other than or in addition to the Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8), the giving 
of undertakings or covenants by the Acquiror in terms corresponding to the provisions of 
Condition 8 (Taxation) with the substitution for (or, as the case may be, the addition to) the 
references to Ireland in the definition of Tax Jurisdiction of references to that other or 
additional territory in which the Acquiror is incorporated, domiciled or resident or to whose 
taxing jurisdiction it is subject and (where applicable) Condition 7.2 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons) shall be modified accordingly) which the Trustee may 
deem appropriate as fully as if the Acquiror had been named in the Trust Deed and these 
Conditions as the principal debtor in place of the relevant Issuer, and (y) at the time of such 
transaction and after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default or potential Event of Default 
shall have occurred and be continuing; and 
(ii) 
any Subsidiary (other than the Issuer where the Issuer is ESB Finance) may sell, lease or 
otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to ESB or any other Subsidiary so long 
as (x) in any such transaction not involving ESB, ESB shall have at least the same degree of 
voting control and economic interest with respect to the Acquiror as it had with respect to the 
Subsidiary that sells, leases or otherwise disposes of all of its assets, (y) if such Subsidiary has 
been substituted as guarantor pursuant to Condition 15.2, the Acquiror executes a trust deed or 
some other form of undertaking is given by the Acquiror in form and manner satisfactory to the 
Trustee, agreeing to be bound by the provisions of the Trust Deed and these Conditions with 
any consequential amendments (including where the Acquiror is incorporated, domiciled or 
resident in, or subject generally to the taxing jurisdiction of, a territory other than or in addition 
to the Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8), the giving of undertakings or covenants by 
the Acquiror in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) with the 
substitution for (or, as the case may be, the addition to) the references to Ireland in the 
definition of Tax Jurisdiction of references to that other or additional territory in which the 
Acquiror is incorporated, domiciled or resident or to whose taxing jurisdiction it is subject and 
(where applicable) Condition 7.2 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons) 
shall be modified accordingly) which the Trustee may deem appropriate as fully as if the 
Acquiror had been named in the Trust Deed and these Conditions in place of the Guarantor, 
and (z) at the time of such transaction and after giving effect thereto no Event of Default or 
potential Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and  
provided, further, that in the event of a sale described in subparagraph (x) of paragraph (i) or 
subparagraph (y) of paragraph (ii) of this Condition 3.3(a):  
(X) 
the Trustee shall have received an opinion of independent counsel to the Acquiror, which 
opinion shall be acceptable to the Trustee, as to (i) the due organisation, valid existence and, if 
legally applicable, good standing of the Acquiror, (ii) the due authorisation, execution and 
delivery of any required assumption agreement by the Acquiror, and (iii) the valid, binding and 
enforceable nature of the obligations of the Acquiror under such assumption agreement subject 
to reasonable and customary exceptions, assumptions and/or qualifications under the 
circumstances; and

--- Page 50 ---
50 
(Y) 
the Trustee shall have received from ESB, in the case where the Acquiror shall be the primary 
obligor of the Notes, unconditional and irrevocable written confirmation and reaffirmation as 
to its obligations under the Guarantee, provided that the written confirmation is in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Trustee. 
(b) 
As used in this Condition 3.3, a sale, lease or other disposition of assets shall be deemed to be a 
“substantial part” of the assets of ESB or the Group only if the book value of such assets, (i) when 
added to the book value of all other assets sold, leased or otherwise disposed of by ESB or its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole during the 365-day period ending on the date on which such sale, lease 
or other disposition occurs, exceeds 20 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets as of the immediately 
preceding Year-End Date or (ii) when added to the book value of all other assets sold, leased or 
otherwise disposed of by ESB or its Subsidiaries during the period from the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes of this Series to and including the date that such sale, lease or other disposition 
occurs, exceeds 30 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets as of the immediately preceding Year- 
End Date. 
Computations under this paragraph (b) shall include all issues or sales of any shares (or other equity 
interests) of any class (including as “shares” for the purposes of this Condition 3.3, any warrants, 
rights or options to purchase or otherwise acquire shares, other equity interests or other Securities 
exchangeable for or convertible into shares or equity interests) of any Subsidiary (valued at the 
aggregate net book value of the assets of such Subsidiary multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the aggregate number of shares (or other equity interests) of such Subsidiary issued or sold 
and the denominator of which is the aggregate number of shares (or other equity interests) of such 
Subsidiary outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale) to any Person other than the 
Guarantor or a Subsidiary over which ESB shall have at least the same degree of voting control and 
economic interest as it did with respect to the Subsidiary issuing or selling such shares (or other 
equity interests) or whose shares (or other equity interests) are being sold, except shares (or other 
equity interests) issued or sold for the purpose of qualifying directors, or except shares (or other 
equity interests) issued or sold in satisfaction of the validly pre-existing preemptive rights of minority 
shareholders (or equity holders) in connection with the simultaneous issuance of stock (or equity 
interests) to ESB and/or Subsidiaries whereby ESB and/or such Subsidiaries maintain their same 
proportionate interest in such Subsidiary. In the event of a sale of shares, any liabilities or obligations 
which are assumed by or otherwise become liabilities or obligations of the acquiring Person shall be 
netted against the assets or shares sold or otherwise disposed of by ESB or any Subsidiary. 
Computations under this paragraph (b) shall not include sales, leases or other dispositions made: 
(i) 
in the ordinary course of business of ESB or any Subsidiary (including any sale or 
securitisation of receivables for cash in an amount not less than the fair market value (as 
determined in good faith by a Senior Financial Officer and certified to the Trustee upon 
request) thereof; provided that the value of any securitisation of receivables contemplated 
hereby, together with the value of all other such receivable securitisations having occurred 
during the 365-day period ending on the date on which such securitisation is completed) shall 
not exceed 5 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets as of the immediately preceding Year-End 
Date; 
(ii) 
by ESB to a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (which is not a Special Purpose Subsidiary) or by a 
Subsidiary to ESB or another Subsidiary (which is not a Special Purpose Subsidiary) with 
respect to which ESB shall have at least the same degree of voting control and economic 
interest as it had with respect to the Subsidiary selling, leasing or otherwise disposing of such 
assets;  
(iii) by a Special Purpose Subsidiary; 
(iv) to the extent that, substantially concurrently therewith (and in any event within a period of 60 
days), ESB or the Subsidiary involved receives, in exchange therefor, assets which are to be 
used in the business of ESB or a Subsidiary and are of at least substantially equal value; 
(v) 
for fair market value (as determined in good faith by a Senior Financial Officer and certified to 
the Trustee upon request), to the extent that the Net Proceeds Amount of such transaction (or 
an equal amount) has been or is applied within 545 days before or after the date of such 
transaction to either or both of: 
(A) the purchase, acquisition, development, redevelopment or construction of non- financial 
assets which are to be used or useful in the business of ESB and/or a Subsidiary and a 
certificate of two directors of ESB addressed to the Trustee that such purchase, 
acquisition, development, redevelopment or construction are to be used or useful in the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
business of ESB and/or a Subsidiary shall be conclusive evidence thereof and binding on 
all parties, or 
(B) 
the repayment or prepayment of unsubordinated Financial Indebtedness of ESB or a 
Subsidiary (other than unsubordinated Financial Indebtedness owed by a member of the 
Group to another member of the Group); provided that ESB shall contemporaneously 
make an offer to purchase some or all of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7.9 in 
aggregate amount calculated by multiplying the aggregate amount of unsubordinated 
Financial Indebtedness of ESB or any Subsidiary to be prepaid pursuant to this 
clause (B) by a fraction, (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate unpaid principal 
amount of Notes outstanding at the time of such offer and (b) the denominator of which 
is aggregate unpaid principal amount of unsubordinated Financial Indebtedness 
(including the Notes) of ESB or any Subsidiary at the time of such offer that is to be the 
subject of any prepayment pursuant to this clause (B); 
it being understood that the failure to apply (or have applied) such Net Proceeds Amount of 
such transaction within such 545 day period will not give rise to a claim by the Trustee or any 
holder of Notes against the acquirer of such assets; or 
(vi) with respect to assets acquired in an acquisition subsequent to the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes of this Series if (a) such assets are outside the principal business areas to 
which the assets acquired, taken as a whole, relate, and (b) such assets are sold or disposed of 
for cash or any other consideration which represents the fair market value of such assets. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Approved Jurisdiction means and includes any one of the following jurisdictions: Ireland, the United 
States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, Switzerland, and any member of the OECD as of 12 
February 2010 (other than Greece, Italy, Spain, Turkey, Portugal, Slovenia, the Czech Republic, the Slovak 
Republic, Hungary, Poland, Korea or Mexico); 
Consolidated Total Assets means, without duplication, at any time, the aggregate value of the assets of 
the Group calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
in Ireland (GAAP); 
Net Proceeds Amount means, with respect to any sale, lease or disposition of property by any Person, an 
amount equal to the result of (a) the aggregate amount of the consideration (valued at the fair market value 
of such consideration at the time of the consummation of such sale, lease or disposition) received by such 
Person in respect of such sale, lease or disposition, minus (b) all out- of-pocket costs and expenses actually 
incurred by such Person in connection with, and taxes in respect of, such sale, lease or disposition; 
Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability guarantor, association, trust, 
unincorporated organisation, or a government or agency or political subdivision thereof; 
Senior Financial Officer means the Deputy Chief Executive, the Executive Director, Group Finance and 
Commercial, the Group Treasurer, the Group Commercial and Strategy Manager or the Financial 
Performance and Governance Manager of ESB;  
Wholly-Owned Subsidiary means, at any time, any Subsidiary 100 per cent. of all of the equity interests 
(except directors’ qualifying shares) and voting interests of which are owned by any one or more of ESB’s 
other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries at such time and/or employees or directors of ESB or any Subsidiary at 
such time (provided that the percentage of the equity interests and voting interests of such Subsidiary 
owned by such employees and directors shall not exceed 5 per cent. of the equity interests and voting 
interests of such Subsidiary in the aggregate); and 
Year-End Date means December 31 of any year or any such other date that ESB shall specify in writing 
as its fiscal year-end date. 
4. 
REDENOMINATION 
4.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders and the Couponholders but after prior consultation with the Trustee, 
on giving prior notice to the Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days’ prior 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows:

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(a) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of EUR 0.01 with a 
nominal amount for each Note equal to the nominal amount of that Note in the Specified Currency, 
converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the 
agreement of the Agent and the Trustee, that the then market practice in respect of the 
redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified 
above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may 
be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (d) below, 
the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference to the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are 
presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded 
down to the nearest EUR 0.01; 
(c) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be issued at the 
expense of the Issuer (i) in the case of Relevant Notes in the denomination of EUR 100,000 and/or 
such higher amounts as the Agent may determine and notify to the Noteholders and any remaining 
amounts less than EUR 100,000 shall be redeemed by the Issuer and paid to the Noteholders in euro 
in accordance with Condition 5.7 (Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Principal Paying Agent or such other person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s)) determines that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate at any time when the Conditions provide for any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable to determine (acting in good faith) a Successor Rate, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further described below) no later than 5 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period 
(the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding Interest Period and for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.7 during any other future Interest Periods). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate: If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) 
determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment 
Spread as provided in Condition 5.7(c) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation of 
this Condition 5.7); or  
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Reference Rate then such 
Alternative Reference Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in 
Condition 5.7(c) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.7). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread: if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance 
with Condition 5.7(b), the Independent Adviser or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine whether an Adjustment 
Spread should be applied) the Issuer (in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent or such other 
person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) shall 
determine an Adjustment Spread  (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or 
methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable)), subject 
to the subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 5.7. If the

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine, no later than three business 
days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period, the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread.  
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.7, the Independent Adviser (acting in good 
faith) may determine (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (provided that such amendments do not, without the 
consent of the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the rights and/or protective provisions afforded to it) (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.7(e), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed 
and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall, at the request and expense 
of the Issuer, agree to use their reasonable endeavours to effect such Benchmark Amendments to the 
Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and these Conditions, including, inter alia, by execution of a 
deed supplemental to the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement, as the Issuer determines and 
certifies to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent are required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 5.7 and neither the Trustee nor the Principal Paying Agent shall be liable to any party for 
any consequence thereof. Notwithstanding the above, neither the Trustee nor the Principal Paying 
Agent (as applicable) shall be obliged to agree to any Benchmark Amendments if the same would, in 
the sole opinion of the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable), expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend its rights and/or the protective 
provisions afforded to it in the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement (as 
applicable).  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.7, the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices etc.: The Issuer shall no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination 
Date notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and promptly thereafter notify, in accordance with 
Condition 14, the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5.7. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any. No later than notifying the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), (iii) any Adjustment Spread and (iv) where applicable, 
the terms of any Benchmark Amendments and certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without 
enquiry or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee's and the Principal Paying 
Agent's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
If in the opinion of the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal 
Paying Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) there is any

--- Page 54 ---
54 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 5.7, it shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall 
direct it in writing (which direction may be by way of a written determination of an Independent 
Adviser) as to which course of action to adopt. If such party is not promptly provided with such 
direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination as a result of its 
operational requirements for implementation and operation of the determined Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate, any Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and shall not incur any liability for any failure to make such calculation or 
determination which arises as a result thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee nor 
any Agent shall be obliged to monitor or enquire whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have 
any liability in respect thereof. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this 
Condition 5.7, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
5.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
the case may be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in 
accordance with Condition 5.7(e). 
(g) 
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this Condition 5.7 prior to the IA Determination Cut-Off Date 
and the Relevant Screen Page is no longer available for use, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period (which may be the initial Rate of 
Interest) (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period for which the Rate of Interest was determined, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.7 shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest 
on the relevant immediately following Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.7. 
(h) 
Definitions: As used in these Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for the parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt 
capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); or 
(iii) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser (acting in good 
faith) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iv) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith) determines to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to 
the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice

--- Page 55 ---
55 
or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable). 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines in accordance with 
Condition 5.7 has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Rate. 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or  ceasing to be calculated or administered; or  
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will, on or before a specified future date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or  
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or  
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Reference Rate that the relevant Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months 
prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(A); 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which, by a specified date, the  
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally or in respect of the 
Notes in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six months 
prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); or  
(vi) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate announcing that, in the view of such supervisor the 
Original Reference Rate is or will on or before  a specified date no longer be 
representative of an underlying market and (B) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (vi)(A); or 
(vii) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer or any other person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s)) to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of 
doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.7 shall act in good faith as an 
expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 5.7; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Periods(s)

--- Page 56 ---
56 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified Reference 
Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced 
by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and a Benchmark Event 
subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, the term 
"Original Reference Rate" shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate; 
or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution 
for the currency to which the reference rate relates; 
(B) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate; 
(C) 
a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; 
or 
(D) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) 
that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Payments); and (ii) in the case of Notes which are not Relevant Notes, in the denominations of EUR 
1,000, EUR 10,000, EUR 100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than 
EUR 1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Agent and the Trustee may approve) EUR 0.01 and 
such other denominations as the Agent shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(e) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from the date on which 
the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement euro-denominated Notes and 
Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such securities are so available) and no payments 
will be made in respect of them. The payment obligations contained in any Notes so issued will also 
become void on that date although those Notes will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations 
of the Issuer. New euro- denominated Notes and Coupons will be issued in exchange for Notes and 
Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the Agent may specify and as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less 
than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(f) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes and the Coupons, other than 
payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be 
made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to euro. 
Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque; 
(g) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the Redenomination 
Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest Payment Date, it will 
be calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; and 
(ii) 
in the case of definitive Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding; and 
(h) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant changes to 
the provisions relating to interest. 
4.2 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance with 
rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community regulations) into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the Treaty; 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of interest under 
the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by the Issuer in the notice 
given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 4.1 above and which falls on or after the date on which the 
country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union; 
Relevant Notes means all Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least EUR100,000 and which are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom; and 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 5.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior 
to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Index Linked Interest Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and Index Linked Interest Note bears interest from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment 
Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or

--- Page 59 ---
59 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes and Index Linked 
Interest Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either LIBOR or 
EURIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays 
the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if

--- Page 60 ---
60 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, 
if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event 
that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, 
in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, 
the Rate of Interest shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 5.7. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, and the Calculation Agent, in the case of Index 
Linked Interest Notes, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. In the case of Index 
Linked Interest Notes, the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes or Index Linked Interest Notes (subject to Conditions 5.6 and 5.7 where applicable) for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Index Linked Interest Notes which are represented by a 
Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Index Linked Interest Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or an Index Linked Interest Note in definitive form 
is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(iii) if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 × (Y2– Y1)] + [30 ×(M2– M1)]+(D2– D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 × (Y2– Y1)] + [30 ×(M2– M1)]+(D2– D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 × (Y2– Y1)] + [30 ×(M2– M1)]+(D2– D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the 
Issuer or an expert appointed by it in its absolute discretion determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Issuer is ESB 
Finance), the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Index 
Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes or Index Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2, whether 
by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Issuer is ESB Finance), the Agent, the Calculation Agent 
(if applicable), the other Paying Agents, the Trustee and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in 
the absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Issuer is 
ESB Finance), the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to 
bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue as provided in the 
Trust Deed. 
5.4 
Indexation 
In the case of Index Linked Interest Notes or Index Linked Redemption Notes, the following provisions of 
Condition 5.4 shall apply. 
(a) 
Indexation of interest and principal 
If the Notes are specified as Index Linked Interest Notes in the applicable Final Terms, each payment 
of interest in respect of the Notes shall be calculated by reference to the Rate of Interest multiplied by

--- Page 63 ---
63 
the Index Ratio or Limited Index Ratio, in the case of Limited Index Linked Notes, applicable to the 
date on which such payment falls to be made and rounded to six decimal places (0.0000005 being 
rounded upwards). 
If the Notes are specified as Index Linked Redemption Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount payable pursuant to Condition 7.1 and the Early Redemption Amount or, as the 
case may be, the Optional Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, payable 
pursuant to Conditions 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 10 shall be the Final Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as the 
case may be) multiplied by the Index Ratio or Limited Index Ratio, in the case of Limited Index 
Linked Notes, applicable to the date on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as the 
case may be) becomes payable together with accrued interest, subject to the Minimum Index 
Redemption Amount and the Maximum Index Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index 
Linked Interest Notes will not be linked to an index composed by either Issuer.  
The Calculation Agent will calculate such Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as the case may be) as soon 
as practicable after each time such amount is capable of being determined and will notify the Agent 
thereof as soon as practicable after calculating the same. The Agent will as soon as practicable 
thereafter notify the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
thereof and cause notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Base Index Figure means (subject to Condition 5.5) the base index figure as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Calculation Date means any date when an Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, falls due; 
Expert means an independent investment bank or other expert in London appointed by the Issuer 
and approved by the Trustee or (failing such appointment within ten days after the Trustee shall have 
requested such appointment or failing such approval by the Trustee) appointed by the Trustee; 
Index or Index Figure means, in relation to any Calculation Date, subject as provided in Condition 
5.5 below, the Index or Index Figure as specified in the applicable Final Terms for the indexation of 
inflation as published by the government department of the Sovereign responsible for the publication 
of such index and applicable to that Calculation Date or, if that index is not published for any 
Calculation Date, any substituted index or index figures published by the government department 
responsible for the publication of such index or the comparable index which replaces such index for 
the purpose of calculating the amount payable on repayment of the Reference Gilt; 
Any reference to the Index Figure applicable to a particular Calculation Date shall, subject as 
provided in Condition 5.5 below; 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that interpolation will apply, be calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
IFm-y+ (Day of Calculation Date – 1) × (IFm-x – IFm-y)
(Days in month of Calculation Date)
 
and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded upwards) and where: 
IFm-y means the Index Figure for the first day of the month that is the number of months as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (Indexation Month Reference Period Y) prior 
to the month in which the payment falls due; and 
IFm-x means the Index Figure for the first day of the month that is the number of months as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (Indexation Month Reference Period X) prior 
to the month in which the payment falls due; or 
(ii) 
otherwise means the Index Figure for the first day of the month that is the number of months as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the month in which the payment falls due (in 
the case of an Index published on a daily basis) or the Index Figure designated for the month

--- Page 64 ---
64 
that is the number of months as specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the month in 
which the payment falls due (in the case of an Index published on a monthly basis); 
the Index Ratio applicable to any Calculation Date means the Index Figure applicable to such date 
divided by the Base Index Figure and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded 
upwards); 
Limited Index Ratio means (a) in respect of any month or date, as the case may be, prior to the 
relevant Issue Date, the Index Ratio for that month or date, as the case may be, (b) in respect of any 
Limited Indexation Date after the relevant Issue Date, the product of the Limited Indexation Factor 
for that month or date, as the case may be, and the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in 
respect of the month or date, as the case may be, the number of months prior thereto (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (Limited Indexation Month Reference Period)); and (c) in respect of 
any other month or date, as the case may be, the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in 
respect of the most recent Limited Indexation Month; 
Limited Indexation Date means any date falling during the period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated; 
Limited Indexation Factor means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month or Limited Indexation 
Date, as the case may be, the ratio of the Index Figure applicable to that month or date, as the case 
may be, divided by the Index Figure applicable to the month or date, as the case may be, the number 
of months prior thereto (as specified in the applicable Final Terms (Limited Indexation Month 
Reference Period)), provided that (a) if such ratio is greater than the Maximum Indexation Factor 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Maximum Indexation 
Factor and (b) if such ratio is less than the Minimum Indexation Factor specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Minimum Indexation Factor; 
Limited Indexation Month means any month specified in the applicable Final Terms for which a 
Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated; 
Limited Index Linked Instruments means Index Linked Instruments to which a Maximum 
Indexation Factor and/or a Minimum Indexation Factor (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
applies; and 
Reference Gilt means Treasury Stock specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for so long as 
such stock is in issue, and thereafter such issue of index-linked Treasury Stock determined to be 
appropriate by a gilt-edged market maker or other adviser selected by the Issuer (an Indexation 
Adviser). 
5.5 
Change in circumstances affecting the Index 
(a) 
Change in base 
If at any time the Index is changed by the substitution of a new base for it, then with effect from and 
including the date on which such substitution takes effect the definition of Base Index Figure in 
Condition 5.4(b) shall be amended to mean the product of the then applicable Base Index Figure and 
the Index immediately following such substitution, divided by the Index immediately prior to such 
substitution. 
(b) 
Delay in publication of the Index 
(i) 
If, in relation to a particular Interest Period or to the redemption of all or some only of the 
Notes and otherwise than in circumstances which the Issuer certifies to the Trustee (in a 
certificate addressed to the Trustee and signed by two Directors of the Issuer) may fall within 
Condition 5.5(c) or 7.7 (notwithstanding that the Issuer may subsequently be advised that they 
do not fall within Condition 5.5(c) or 7.7), the Index Figure relating to any month (the 
calculation month) which is required to be taken into account for the purposes of the 
determination of the Index Figure for any date is not published on or before the fourteenth day 
before the date on which such payment is due (the date for payment), the Issuer shall appoint 
an Expert and the Index Figure for the relevant calculation month shall be the substitute index 
figure (if any) as is published by the government department responsible for the publication of 
such index for the purposes of indexation of payments on the Reference Gilt or, failing such 
publication, on any one or more of Sovereign’s index-linked stocks, as determined by the 
Expert; or 
(ii) 
if no such determination is made by the Expert within seven days, the Index Figure last 
published before the date for payment.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Where the provisions of this Condition 5.5(b) apply, the certificate of the Issuer (signed by two 
Directors), acting on the advice of an Expert, as to the Index Figure applicable to the date for 
payment falls shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Issuer is 
ESB Finance), the Trustee and the Noteholders and Couponholders. If a substitute index is 
published as specified in 5.5(b)(i) above, a determination made based on that index shall be 
final and no further payment by way of adjustment shall be made, notwithstanding that the 
Index Figure applicable to the date for payment may subsequently be published. If no 
substitute index is so published and the Index relating to the date for payment is subsequently 
published then: 
(A) in the case of any Note not falling due for redemption on the date for payment, if the 
Index Figure so subsequently published (if published while that Note remains 
outstanding) is greater or less than the Index Figure applicable by virtue of 5.5(b)(ii) 
above, the interest payable on that Note on the Interest Payment Date next succeeding the 
date of such subsequent publication shall be increased or reduced to reflect the amount 
by which the interest payable on that Note on the date for payment on the basis of the 
Index Figure applicable by virtue of 5.5(b)(ii) above fell short of, or (as the case may be) 
exceeded the interest which would have been payable on that Note if the Index Figure 
subsequently published had been published on or before the second business day before 
the date for payment; or 
(B) 
in the case of any Note falling due for final redemption on the date for payment, no 
subsequent adjustment to amounts paid will be made. 
(c) 
Cessation of or fundamental changes to the Index 
If the Index ceases to be published or any changes are made to it which, in the opinion of an Expert, 
constitute a fundamental change in the rules governing the Index and the change would, in the 
opinion of the Expert, be detrimental to the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders and if, within 30 
days after its appointment (or such longer period as the Trustee may consider reasonable), the Expert 
recommends for the purposes of the Notes one or more adjustments to the Index or a substitute index 
(with or without adjustments), then provided that such adjustments or substitute index (as the case 
may be) are not materially detrimental (in the opinion of the Expert) either to the interests of the 
Issuer or the interests of the Noteholders, as compared to the interests of the Issuer and the 
Noteholders (as the case may be) as they would have been had the Index continued to be published or 
such fundamental change in the rules governing the Index not been made, the Index shall be adjusted 
as so recommended or (as the case may be) shall be replaced by the substitute index so recommended 
(as so adjusted, if so recommended) and references in these Conditions to the Index shall be 
construed accordingly and the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders of the adjustments to the Index or 
the introduction of the substitute index (with or without adjustments) in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices). 
If any payment in respect of the Notes is due to be made after the cessation or changes referred to in 
the preceding paragraph but before any such adjustment to, or replacement of, the Index takes effect, 
the Issuer shall (if the Index Figure applicable (or deemed applicable) to the date for payment is not 
available in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5.4) make a provisional payment on the 
basis that the Index Figure applicable to the date for payment is the Index last published. In that 
event or in the event of any payment on the Notes having been made on the basis of an Index deemed 
applicable under Condition 5.5(b)(i) above (also referred to below as a provisional payment) and in 
either such case in the event of the Trustee on the advice of the Expert subsequently determining that 
the relevant circumstances fall within this Condition 5.5(c), then: 
(i) 
except in the case of a payment on redemption of the Notes, if the sum which would have been 
payable if such adjustments or such substitute index had been in effect on the due date for such 
provisional payment is greater or less than the amount of such provisional payment, the interest 
payable on the Notes on the Interest Payment Date next succeeding the last date by which the 
Issuer and Trustee receive such recommendation shall be increased or reduced to reflect the 
amount by which such provisional payment of interest fell short of, or (as the case may be) 
exceeded, the interest which would have been payable on the Notes if such adjustments or such 
substituted index had been in effect on that date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a payment of principal or interest on redemption of the Notes, no subsequent 
adjustment to amounts paid will be made. 
(d) 
Trustee

--- Page 66 ---
66 
The Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no cessation of or change to the Index has occurred until 
informed otherwise by the Issuer and shall have no obligation to monitor any Index or to check any 
calculations made pursuant to this Condition and will not be responsible for identifying or appointing 
an Expert save as provided in these Conditions. 
5.6 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
If Ratings Step-up/Step-down is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
terms relating to the Rate of Interest for the Notes shall apply: 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time in the 
event of a Step Up Rating Change or Step Down Rating Change as the case may be in 
accordance with the following provisions. 
(ii) 
Subject to Conditions 5.6(iv) and (vii) below, from and including the first Interest Payment Date 
following the date of a Step Up Rating Change, if any, the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes shall be 
increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Subject to Conditions 5.6(iv) and (vii) below, in the event of a Step Down Rating Change 
following a Step Up Rating Change, with effect from and including the first Interest Payment 
Date following the date of such Step Down Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes shall 
be decreased by the Step Up Margin back to the initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes) or the initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes).  
(iv) 
If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change occur during the 
same Fixed Interest Period (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the same Interest Period (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes shall be neither increased nor decreased 
as a result of either such event. 
(v) 
The Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings for the Notes from both 
Rating Agencies. If, notwithstanding such reasonable efforts, either Rating Agency fails to or 
ceases to assign a credit rating to the Notes, and at such time Fitch has assigned a credit rating to 
the Notes, then references in this Condition 5.6 to Moody's or S&P, as the case may be, or the 
credit ratings thereof, shall be to Fitch or, as the case may be, the equivalent credit ratings 
thereof.  If at such time, Fitch has not assigned a credit rating to the Notes, the Issuer shall use all 
reasonable efforts to obtain a credit rating of the Notes from a substitute rating agency that shall 
be a Statistical Rating Agency, and references in this Condition 5.6 to Moody's or S&P, as the 
case may be, or the credit ratings thereof, shall be to such substitute rating agency or, as the case 
may be, the equivalent credit ratings thereof. 
(vi) 
The Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, will, on the occurrence of a Step Up Rating Change or a 
Step Down Rating Change giving rise to an adjustment to the Rate of Interest payable on the 
Notes pursuant to this Condition 5.6, notify to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Noteholders and any stock exchange on which the Notes for the time being are listed and publish 
the applicable notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable 
after the occurrence of such Step Up Rating Change or Step Down Rating Change, but in no 
event later than the fifth London Business Day thereafter. 
(vii) 
A Step Up Rating Change (if any) and a Step Down Rating Change (if any), may only occur 
once each during the term of the Notes.  
(viii) 
If the rating designations employed by Moody's or S&P are changed from those which are 
described in this Condition, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall determine, with the agreement of 
the Trustee (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) the rating designations 
of Moody's or S&P as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody's or S&P, as 
the case may be. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.6: 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Ltd. or its successor; 
Investment Grade means, in the case of a credit rating assigned by Moody’s, Baa3 or higher and, in the 
case of a credit rating assigned by S&P, BBB- or higher or the equivalent credit rating assigned by a 
Statistical Rating Agency, if applicable; 
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service, Ltd., or its successor;

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Rating Agency means either Moody's or S&P and Rating Agencies means both of them; 
S&P means Standard and Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited, or its successor; 
Statistical Rating Agency means Fitch or such other rating agency or their respective successors as may be 
proposed by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed; 
A Step Down Rating Change occurs where after a Step Up Rating Change, both Rating Agencies publicly 
announce that the credit rating assigned to the Notes is Investment Grade, provided that,  for the purposes 
of this definition, where: 
(i) 
both Rating Agencies do not make the public announcements on the same date, the Step Down 
Rating Change shall be deemed to occur on the date of the later public announcement; and 
(ii) 
a Rating Agency had not downgraded the Notes below Investment Grade, then written confirmation 
from such Rating Agency that the then current rating assigned to the Notes is Investment Grade shall 
be deemed to be a public announcement, made on the date of such confirmation, that the credit rating 
assigned to the Notes by such Rating Agency is Investment Grade.   
For the avoidance of doubt, any further increase in the credit rating of the Notes above Investment Grade 
shall not constitute a Step Down Rating Change; and 
Step Up Rating Change means the first public announcement by either Rating Agency or both Rating 
Agencies of a decrease in the credit rating assigned to the Notes to below Investment Grade. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any further decrease in the credit rating of the Notes below Investment Grade shall not 
constitute a Step Up Rating Change and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall never be greater than the 
Maximum Step-up Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.7 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Principal Paying Agent or such other person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s)) determines that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate at any time when the Conditions provide for any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable to determine (acting in good faith) a Successor Rate, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further described below) no later than 5 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period 
(the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding Interest Period and for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.7 during any other future Interest Periods). 
(j) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate: If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) 
determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment 
Spread as provided in Condition 5.7(c) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation of 
this Condition 5.7); or  
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Reference Rate then such 
Alternative Reference Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in 
Condition 5.7(c) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.7). 
(k) 
Adjustment Spread: if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance 
with Condition 5.7(b), the Independent Adviser or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine whether an Adjustment 
Spread should be applied) the Issuer (in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent or such other 
person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) shall

--- Page 68 ---
68 
determine an Adjustment Spread  (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or 
methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable)), subject 
to the subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 5.7. If the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine, no later than three business 
days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period, the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread.  
(l) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.7, the Independent Adviser (acting in good 
faith) may determine (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (provided that such amendments do not, without the 
consent of the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the rights and/or protective provisions afforded to it) (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.7(e), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed 
and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall, at the request and expense 
of the Issuer, agree to use their reasonable endeavours to effect such Benchmark Amendments to the 
Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and these Conditions, including, inter alia, by execution of a 
deed supplemental to the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement, as the Issuer determines and 
certifies to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent are required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 5.7 and neither the Trustee nor the Principal Paying Agent shall be liable to any party for 
any consequence thereof. Notwithstanding the above, neither the Trustee nor the Principal Paying 
Agent (as applicable) shall be obliged to agree to any Benchmark Amendments if the same would, in 
the sole opinion of the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable), expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend its rights and/or the protective 
provisions afforded to it in the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement (as 
applicable).  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.7, the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(m) 
Notices etc.: The Issuer shall no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination 
Date notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and promptly thereafter notify, in accordance with 
Condition 14, the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5.7. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any. No later than notifying the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), (iii) any Adjustment Spread and (iv) where applicable, 
the terms of any Benchmark Amendments and certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without 
enquiry or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee's and the Principal Paying 
Agent's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
If in the opinion of the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal 
Paying Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 5.7, it shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall 
direct it in writing (which direction may be by way of a written determination of an Independent 
Adviser) as to which course of action to adopt. If such party is not promptly provided with such 
direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination as a result of its 
operational requirements for implementation and operation of the determined Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate, any Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and shall not incur any liability for any failure to make such calculation or 
determination which arises as a result thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee nor 
any Agent shall be obliged to monitor or enquire whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have 
any liability in respect thereof. 
(n) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this 
Condition 5.7, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
5.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
the case may be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in 
accordance with Condition 5.7(e). 
(o) 
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this Condition 5.7 prior to the IA Determination Cut-Off Date 
and the Relevant Screen Page is no longer available for use, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period (which may be the initial Rate of 
Interest) (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period for which the Rate of Interest was determined, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.7 shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest 
on the relevant immediately following Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.7. 
(p) 
Definitions: As used in these Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for the parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt 
capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); or 
(iii) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser (acting in good 
faith) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for

--- Page 70 ---
70 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iv) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith) determines to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to 
the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable). 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines in accordance with 
Condition 5.7 has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Rate. 
Benchmark Event means: 
(v) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or  ceasing to be calculated or administered; or  
(vi) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will, on or before a specified future date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or  
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or  
(viii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Reference Rate that the relevant Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months 
prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(A); 
(ix) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which, by a specified date, the  
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally or in respect of the 
Notes in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six months 
prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); or  
(x) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate announcing that, in the view of such supervisor the 
Original Reference Rate is or will on or before  a specified date no longer be 
representative of an underlying market and (B) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (vi)(A); or 
(xi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer or any other person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s)) to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of

--- Page 71 ---
71 
doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.7 shall act in good faith as an 
expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 5.7; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Periods(s) 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified Reference 
Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced 
by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and a Benchmark Event 
subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, the term 
"Original Reference Rate" shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(xii) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate; 
or 
(xiii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution 
for the currency to which the reference rate relates; 
(B) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate; 
(C) 
a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; 
or 
(D) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) 
that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a 
cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of

--- Page 72 ---
72 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue 
had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon 
provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which 
the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of 
such Note.  If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and/or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States. A record of each payment made, whether against presentation or surrender of any Global 
Note or otherwise, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable and in each case such record shall be prima facie evidence 
that the payment in question has been made. 
6.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer and the Guarantor (if the Issuer is ESB Finance) will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so 
paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial 
holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at 
such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the 
Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
6.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
6.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) the Make-Whole Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes 
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 7.8); and 
(g) any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 
(Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note (including each 
Index Linked Redemption Note) will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.8, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note nor an Index Linked Interest Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is either a Floating Rate Note or an Index Linked Interest Note), on 
giving not less than the minimum nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Trustee and the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of 
such notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) or (if the Issuer is 
ESB Finance) the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment 
by ESB Finance and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, 
in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to 
pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to 
accept the certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set 
out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.8 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given 
not less than the minimum nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in 
the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount 
not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, 
in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (the Redeemed Notes) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption.  
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) 
If Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date)), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding (other than any such Note in 
respect of which an Optional Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 7.5 or Event Risk Put Date pursuant 
to Condition 7.6 occurs prior to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) at a redemption price per 
Note (the “Make Whole Redemption Amount”) equal to the higher of the following, in each case 
together with, if applicable, interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Make Whole Redemption 
Date: 
(a) 
the nominal amount of the Note; and 
(b) 
the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (not 
including any interest accrued but unpaid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make Whole 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Make Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the 
Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms) at (i) the Euro Make Whole 
Redemption Rate (as defined below), in the case of the Notes denominated in euro; (ii) the Gross 
Redemption Yield (as defined below), in the case of the Notes denominated in Sterling; or (iii) the 
Make Whole Redemption Rate (as defined below), in the case of the Notes denominated in any

--- Page 75 ---
75 
currency other than euro or Sterling, plus in each case any applicable Discount Margin specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, in each case as determined by the Reference Dealers or the 
Determination Agent, as applicable. 
Any notice of redemption given under the above paragraph will, in respect of the Notes to which it 
relates, override any notice of redemption given (whether previously, on the same date, or subsequently) 
under Condition 7.2 or Condition 7.3. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than 
the Minimum Make Whole Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Make Whole 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Redeemed Notes will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected 
individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes 
will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7.4: 
Determination Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or such other 
reputable financial services institution as may be appointed as such from time to time for this purpose by 
the Issuer; 
Euro Make Whole Redemption Rate means (i) the average of five Reference Dealer Quotations, after 
excluding the highest and the lowest of such Reference Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Determination 
Agent obtains fewer than five such Reference Dealer Quotations, the average of any such Reference Dealer 
Quotations; 
Euro Reference Stock means the euro-denominated security specified in the applicable Final Terms 
issued by the Federal Republic of Germany selected by the Determination Agent (with the advice of the 
Reference Dealers and in consultation with the Issuer) as having an actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Gross Redemption Yield on the Sterling Reference Stock means a yield, expressed as a percentage and 
calculated at or around 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the Determination Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management 
Office in the paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields” page 5, Section One: Price/Yield 
Formulae (Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on 
a Quasi-Coupon Date) (published on 8 June, 1998 and updated on 15 January, 2002 and 16 March, 2005) 
(as updated, amended or supplemented from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted 
on an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or, if such formula does not 
reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a yield calculated in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time, all as advised to the Issuer by the Determination Agent; 
Make Whole Redemption Rate on the Reference Stock means a yield expressed as a percentage and 
calculated by the Determination Agent as at or around the time of day customary for such determination in 
the relevant market on the Determination Date and in accordance with generally accepted market practice 
at such time, as advised to the Issuer by the Determination Agent; 
Reference Dealer Quotation means in respect of each Reference Dealer the quotation of such Reference 
Dealer for the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Euro Reference Stock (expressed as a percentage 
of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Dealer at or 
around 11.00 a.m. (Central European time) on the Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Reference Dealers means any credit institution or financial services institution that regularly deals in 
bonds and other debt securities (which may include the Determination Agent) and who is selected by the 
Determination Agent after the consultation with the Issuer; 
Reference Stock means the security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, where the 
Determination Agent advises the Issuer that such security is no longer in issue or, for reasons of illiquidity 
or otherwise, is no longer appropriate for such purpose, such other security as the Determination Agent 
may determine to be appropriate by way of substitution for the original security); and

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Sterling Reference Stock means the United Kingdom Government Treasury Stock specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, where the Determination Agent advises the Issuer that such stock is no longer 
in issue or, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, is no longer appropriate for such purpose, such other 
United Kingdom government stock as the Determination Agent may determine to be appropriate by way of 
substitution for the original stock). 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry 
of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice 
period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that 
this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is 
represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within 
the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may 
be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or 
procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has 
declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 7.5 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
7.6 
Redemption as a result of a Change of Control of the Issuer 
An Event Risk Put Event will occur if, while any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) a Change of Control Event occurs and during the Change of Control Period either: 
(i) 
a Ratings Downgrade occurs; or 
(ii) 
if at the time of the commencement of the Change of Control Period the Notes do not carry a 
credit rating from a Rating Agency, the relevant Issuer is unable to obtain an investment grade 
rating from any Rating Agency before the end of the Change of Control Period. 
Further, if at the time of the commencement of the Change of Control Period the Notes carry a non-
investment grade credit rating (as described below) from any Rating Agency, an Event Risk Put Event will 
be deemed to occur upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event alone. 
If an Event Risk Put Event occurs (unless the Issuer has given notice under Condition 7.2 (Redemption for 
tax reasons), Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition 7.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer)) in respect of all of the 
Notes then outstanding): 
(a) 
the Issuer shall, within 10 Dublin Business Days after the occurrence of such Event Risk Put Event, 
and at any such time upon the Trustee becoming similarly so aware the Trustee may, and if so 
requested by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if 
so directed by Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, shall (subject in each case to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), give notice (an Event Risk Put 
Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of 
the Event Risk Put Event and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this Condition 7.6; 
and

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(b) 
the holder of each Note will have the option to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the relevant 
Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Event Risk Put Date (as 
defined below) at its Early Redemption Amount, together with any interest accrued up to (but 
excluding) the Event Risk Put Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the Notes following an Event Risk Put Event, the holder of 
the Notes must, if the Notes are in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours 
of such Paying Agent on any Business Day falling within the Event Risk Put Period, deliver a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent (an Event Risk Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition. If the Notes are in definitive bearer form, the Event Risk Put Notice must be 
accompanied by the Notes (together with all Coupons appertaining thereto maturing after the Event Risk 
Put Date), or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Notes (and such Coupons) will, 
following delivery of the Event Risk Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If the Notes are represented by a Global Note or are in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of the Notes following an Event Risk 
Put Event the holder of the Notes must, within the Event Risk Put Period, give notice to the Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note and the terms of such Global Note so provide, at the same time present or 
procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant 
Notes on the Event Risk Put Date at their principal amount, together with any interest accrued up to (but 
excluding) the Event Risk Put Date unless previously redeemed or purchased. 
If 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes originally issued have been redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled pursuant to the provisions of this Condition 7, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders given within 30 days after the Event Risk Put Date, redeem the 
remaining Notes as a whole at a redemption price of the principal amount thereof plus interest accrued to 
but excluding the date of such redemption. 
If the rating designations employed by Moody’s, Fitch and S&P are changed from those which are 
described within the applicable definition of Ratings Downgrade (below), or if a rating is assigned by 
another Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine, with the agreement of the Trustee the rating designations 
of Moody’s, Fitch and S&P or such other Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior 
rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch and S&P and this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether an Event Risk Put Event or any event which would 
lead to the occurrence of or could constitute an Event Risk Put Event has occurred and, until it shall have 
actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no 
Event Risk Put Event or other such event has occurred. 
Where the definitions within this Condition 7.6 state that the Issuer will seek to obtain a rating from a 
Rating Agency, the Issuer undertakes that it will make all reasonable endeavours to seek a rating in respect 
of the Notes from a Rating Agency either prior to or not later than the timeframe as specified. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
A Change of Control Event shall occur if the Government of Ireland ceases, directly or indirectly (through 
any government agency or political subdivision thereof or otherwise), to have Control of ESB; 
Change of Control Period means the period: 
(a) 
commencing on the date that is one Business Day before the earlier of (a) the date of the relevant 
Change of Control Event and (b) the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control 
Announcement (if any); and 
(b) 
ending 90 days after the date of the Change of Control Event or such longer period for which the 
Notes are under consideration by a Rating Agency for rating or rating review (such consideration 
having been announced publicly within the period ending 90 days after the date of the Change of 
Control Event and such period not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such 
consideration);

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Control of ESB means the right, by virtue of holding shares in ESB or otherwise, or by virtue of any 
contract or other arrangement with any holder of shares in such body corporate, to exercise or control the 
exercise of more than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights conferred upon the holders of the entire capital 
stock for the time being of ESB; 
Dublin Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Dublin; 
Event Risk Put Date means the date falling seven days after the expiry of the Event Risk Put Period; 
Event Risk Put Period means the period of 45 days after an Event Risk Put Event Notice is given; 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (Moody’s), Fitch Ratings Ltd. (Fitch) or Standard 
& Poor’s Rating Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc, (S&P), or their respective 
successors, replacements or substitutes; 
Ratings Downgrade means, with respect to a Rating Agency and a Change of Control Event, immediately 
prior to the commencement of the relevant Change of Control Period, such Rating Agency rated the Notes 
as investment grade (being at or above Baa3, BBB- or BBB- for Moody’s, Fitch and S&P respectively, or 
its respective equivalent for the time being), or, in the case of a Rating Agency which had not assigned a 
rating to the Notes immediately prior to the commencement of the relevant Change of Control Period, such 
Rating Agency assigns an investment grade rating to the Notes during the relevant Change of Control 
Period, and during such Change of Control Period: 
(a) 
such Rating Agency rates the Notes as non-investment grade (being at or below Ba1, BB+ or BB+ 
for Moody’s, Fitch and S&P respectively, or its respective equivalent for the time being) and such 
rating is not within such Change of Control Period restored to an investment grade rating by such 
Rating Agency or replaced by an investment grade rating of another Rating Agency, or 
(b) 
such Rating Agency withdraws its rating of the Notes and that rating is not within such Change of 
Control Period replaced by an investment grade rating of another Rating Agency, 
and in each case such Rating Agency publicly announces or confirms in writing to the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if the Issuer is ESB Finance) or the Trustee that such non-investment grade rating or withdrawal of rating 
was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in 
respect of, the applicable Change of Control Event (whether or not such Change of Control Event shall 
have occurred at the time such rating is given or rating is withdrawn); and 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement means any formal public announcement or 
statement by or on behalf of ESB or the Government of Ireland relating to any potential Change of Control 
Event where, within 180 days of the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control Event 
occurs. 
7.7 
Redemption for Indexation Reasons 
In the case of Index Linked Interest Notes or Index Linked Redemption Notes: 
(a) 
if the Index ceases to be published or any changes are made to it which, in the opinion of an Expert, 
constitute a fundamental change in the rules governing the Index and the change would, in the 
opinion of the Expert, be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders and if the Expert fails within 
30 days after its appointment (or such longer period as the Trustee considers reasonable), or states to 
the Issuer and the Trustee that it is unable, to recommend for the purposes of the Notes any 
adjustments to the Index or any substitute index (with or without adjustments) as described in 
Condition 5.5(c), the Issuer shall, within 14 days after the expiry of such period or (as the case may 
be) after the date of such statement, give notice (which shall be irrevocable and shall state the date 
fixed for redemption which shall be not more than 15 days after the date on which the notice is 
given) to redeem the Notes then outstanding, at a price equal to their principal amount multiplied by 
the Index Ratio (or Limited Index Ratio in the case of Limited Index Linked Notes), applicable to the 
date on which the date fixed for redemption falls, together with accrued interest, subject to the 
Minimum Index Redemption Amount and Maximum Index Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the Index ceases to be published or any changes are made to it which, in the opinion of an Expert, 
constitute a fundamental change in the rules governing the Index and the change would, in the 
opinion of the Expert, be detrimental to the interests of the Issuer and if the Expert fails within 30 
days after its appointment (or such longer period as the Trustee considers reasonable), or states to the 
Issuer and the Trustee that it is unable, to recommend for the purposes of the Notes any adjustments

--- Page 79 ---
79 
to the Index or any substitute index (with or without adjustments) as described in Condition 5.5(c), 
the Issuer may at its option, within 14 days after the expiry of such period or (as the case may be) 
after the date of such statement, give notice (which shall be irrevocable and shall state the date fixed 
for redemption which shall be not more than 15 days after the date on which the notice is given) to 
redeem the Notes then outstanding, at a price equal to their principal amount multiplied by the Index 
Ratio or Limited Index Ratio (in the case of Limited Index Linked Notes) applicable to the date on 
which the date fixed for redemption falls, together with accrued interest, subject to the Minimum 
Index Redemption Amount and Maximum Index Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
Subject to Condition 5.4(a) which applies to Index Linked Redemption Notes, for the purpose of 
Conditions 7.2 and 7.6 above and Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; and  
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 
360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360 or (ii) 
Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
7.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at 
any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. All 
Notes so purchased will be surrendered to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
7.10 Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed, or purchased pursuant to Condition 7.9, will forthwith be cancelled 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 
above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.11 Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6 above upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcements) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 7.8 above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon 
which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is ESB Finance) will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer, or as the 
case may be, the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) will pay such additional amounts as shall 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable 
in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect 
of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined 
in Condition 6.5); or 
(c) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Ireland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the Agent on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing the 
Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject in 
each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), (but in the case of the 
happening of any of the events described in paragraphs (b) to (d) (other than the winding up or dissolution 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor, if applicable), (e) to (g) and (i) inclusive below, only if the Trustee shall 
have certified in writing to the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor that such event is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice in writing to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, if applicable, that each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due and 
repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any amount due in respect of the 
Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 3 days in the case of principal or 7 
days in the case of interest; or

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(b) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) fails to perform or observe any of 
its other obligations under the Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next 
following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer or the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB 
Finance), as the case may be, of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is ESB Finance) or any of ESB’s Principal Subsidiaries is declared due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is ESB Finance) or any of ESB’s Principal Subsidiaries fails to make any 
payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment as 
extended by any originally applicable grace period; (iii) any security given by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) or any of ESB’s Principal Subsidiaries for any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money is enforced; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is ESB Finance) or any of ESB’s Principal Subsidiaries in making any payment 
due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money of any other person; or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) or any of ESB’s Principal 
Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of reorganisation, amalgamation, merger, consolidation or 
restructuring (i) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, whilst solvent, (ii) in the case of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor, on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer, the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) or any of ESB’s Principal 
Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, 
save for the purposes of reorganisation, amalgamation, merger, consolidation or restructuring (i) in 
the case of a Principal Subsidiary, whilst solvent, or (ii) in the case of the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution or, the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) or any of ESB’s Principal Subsidiaries 
stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any 
class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) 
or any of ESB’s Principal Subsidiaries under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
examination, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed 
with a court) for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, examiner, 
administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, examiner, 
administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is ESB Finance) or any of ESB’s Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in 
relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced 
upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
any of them and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged 
within 30 business days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer, the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) or any of ESB’s Principal 
Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, examination, reorganisation or other similar laws (including 
the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters 
into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition 
with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(h) 
if (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) ESB Finance ceases to be a subsidiary wholly owned and 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by ESB; or 
(i) 
if (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect; or

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(j) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, has or may have, in the 
Trustee’s opinion, an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (i) 
above. 
10.2 Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the 
Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any 
other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons unless (i) it shall have been so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is ESB Finance) unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or is 
unable so to do within 60 days and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
10.3 Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest 
or other amounts), other than Non-Recourse Indebtedness, which singularly or in the aggregate is in 
excess of €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities or any borrowed money or any liability under 
or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents 
will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) are entitled, with the prior written 
approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union that will not be 
obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any law 
implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction other than a Tax Jurisdiction. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in Condition 6.4. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or 
change in Paying Agents will be been given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) and, in certain circumstances specified therein, of the 
Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially 
all of its assets to become the successor paying agent.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
The Issuer shall maintain the Determination Agent and the Reference Dealers only at such times when the 
relevant functions specified in Condition 7.4 need to be performed. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in the United Kingdom and (b) if and for so long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) and the guidelines of Euronext Dublin so require, filed with the 
Companies Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If 
publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be 
deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted 
for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so 
long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the 
case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
15.1 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by way of 
audio or video conference call) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning 
by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB 
Finance) or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding 
not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or 
at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying 
the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of 
payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed 
at a meeting duly convened and held by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of votes cast 
on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three- 
fourths in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consents given by way of

--- Page 84 ---
84 
electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on 
behalf of the holder(s) of not less than three-fourths in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any modification of, 
or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes 
or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or 
potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any 
such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct 
a manifest error. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to effect any 
Benchmark Amendments on the terms and subject to the conditions as set out in Condition 5.7 without 
the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders. Any such modification shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution), the Trustee 
shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any 
interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders whatever their 
number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such 
exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, 
nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is ESB Finance), the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any 
tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent 
already provided for in Condition 8 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or 
in substitution for, Condition 8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
15.2 Substitution 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders agree: 
(a) 
with the Issuer and the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) to the substitution in place of 
the Issuer (or of any previous substitute of the Issuer under this Condition) as the principal debtor 
under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed, of another company, being either ESB itself or 
another Subsidiary of ESB, or  
(b) 
with ESB to the substitution in place of ESB, either as Issuer or as Guarantor (or of any previous 
substitute of ESB in either capacity under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the Notes, 
the Coupons and the Trust Deed, or under the Guarantee, as the case may be, of another company,  
in each case subject to (i) (in the case of a substitution under (a) above of another Subsidiary of ESB) the 
Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by ESB; (ii) the Trustee being satisfied that such 
substitution will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; and (iii) certain other 
conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
16. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to enter 
into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) and/or any of 
their Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or 
relating to, the Issuer, the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) and/or any of their Subsidiaries, 
(b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in 
relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the 
interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to 
account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.  
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES

--- Page 85 ---
85 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the 
same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and any non- contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons 
are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
19.2 Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 19.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons, including 
any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons (the Dispute) and accordingly 
each of the Issuer, the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) and the Trustee and any 
Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2, the Issuer and the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB 
Finance) each waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of 
any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
19.3 Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer and the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) each irrevocably appoints ESBII UK 
Limited at its registered office for the time being in England as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of ESBII 
UK Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it or they will immediately appoint 
another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Dispute. The Issuer and the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) each agrees that failure by a 
process agent to notify it  of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right 
to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
19.4 Waiver of immunity 
The Issuer and the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) each irrevocably and unconditionally 
with respect to any Dispute (i) waives any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction, 
recognition or enforcement and any similar argument in any jurisdiction, (ii) submits to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and the courts of any other jurisdiction in relation to the recognition of any judgment or 
order of the English courts or the courts of any competent jurisdiction in relation to any Dispute and (iii) 
consents to the giving of any relief (whether by way of injunction, attachment, specific performance or 
other relief) or the issue of any related process, in any jurisdiction, whether before or after final judgment, 
including without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever 
(irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment made or given in connection with any 
Dispute.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Subject to (a) and (b) below, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for 
its general corporate purposes, which include making a profit.  
If, in respect of an issue of Notes: 
 
(a) 
which are derivative securities for the purposes of Annex 17 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, such purposes may be more particularly 
described under “Reasons for the offer” in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
which are designated in the applicable Final Terms as “Green Bonds”, the net proceeds of such issuance 
will be applied exclusively to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Projects (as defined 
below) which meet the Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). 
ESB Green Bond Framework means the ESB green bond framework which is published on the website of ESB 
(available at https://www.esb.ie/docs/default-source/investor-relations-documents/esb-bond-framework-2019) as 
such framework may be updated from time to time. 
Green Projects means those projects that are described as “Eligible Green Projects” in the ESB Green Bond 
Framework.  
Eligibility Criteria means the eligibility criteria applicable to Green Projects as set out in the ESB Green Bond 
Framework. 
Green Projects have been (or will be, as the case may be) selected by the relevant Issuer in accordance with the 
broad categorisation of eligibility for Green Projects set out in the International Capital Market Association 
Green Bond Principles 2018, and are further described in the ESB Green Bond Framework.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
OVERVIEW OF THE ELECTRICITY MARKETS IN IRELAND AND NORTHERN IRELAND 
The structure of the electricity market in Ireland and Northern Ireland (the two jurisdictions being referred to 
together as Island of Ireland) can be divided into four segments: generation, supply, transmission and 
distribution. Electricity generation and supply are open to full competition throughout the Island of Ireland. 
Electricity transmission and distribution are regulated monopolies in each of Ireland and Northern Ireland. 
Energy Policy and Regulation 
The Government of Ireland, through the Minister for Environment, Climate and Communications is responsible 
for energy policy and energy affairs in Ireland. On 17 June 2019 the Government of Ireland published its 
“Climate Action Plan 2019 – To Tackle Climate Breakdown” (CAP), in which it stated a high degree of support 
for electrification of the economy.   
On 27 June 2020, a new majority coalition Government took office with a stated policy aim of targeting further 
significant reductions in emissions. On 23 March 2021, the Minister for Environment, Climate and 
Communications announced the Climate Action and Low Carbon Development (Amendment) Bill 2021 (which, 
as at the date of this Offering Circular, is currently before Seanad Éireann at the second stage of the Irish 
legislative process) with the ultimate goal of achieving a national net zero emission target by 2050 (in line with 
the European Commission’s “European Green Deal”).  The ‘Programme for Government’ of the new majaority 
coalition Government also included an interim target of a 51 per cent. reduction in emissions (representing an 
average of a 7 per cent. reduction year-on-year) by 2030 measured against 2018 as a base year.  
In Northern Ireland, the Department for the Economy is responsible for energy policy and energy affairs.  
Ireland's and Northern Ireland's respective energy policies and regulations are currently heavily influenced by 
European Union and international law. While the impact of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU may ultimately 
lead to some divergence in future energy policy and regulation between Ireland and Northern Ireland, it is 
anticipated that the UK’s presidency of both the G7 and the UN Conference-of-the-Parties to the Framework 
Convention on Climate Change (which gave rise to the Paris Agreement in 2015) is indicative of the UK’s desire 
to remain aligned with EU and international thinking in the area of energy policy and climate change. 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Department for the Economy in Northern Ireland is formulating a 
new energy policy for Northern Ireland known as the Strategic Energy Framework.  It is anticipated that this new 
policy will give a high degree of support for electrification of the Northern Ireland economy. 
The CRU is the independent regulator of the energy markets in Ireland. The UR is the independent regulator of 
the energy markets in Northern Ireland. Representatives from each of the CRU and the UR together with 
appointed independent members all make up the Single Electricity Market (SEM) Committee which makes 
decisions in relation to the wholesale electricity market, SEM (see further below). 
On 11 December 2019, the European Commission presented the “European Green Deal” being an ambitious 
package of measures and roadmap which aims to fulfil the European Union’s commitments under the Paris 
Agreement and to ultimately achieve a European Union target of net-zero emissions by 2050.  It is anticipated 
that the electricity sector will have a critical role in facilitating the energy transition to a zero emissions 
environment.   
Climate change continues to be one of the key political priorities for the European Commission and the European 
Parliament and there is growing political momentum to achieve the stated European Union wide targets included 
in the Green Deal. In addition to the proposed Climate Action and Low Carbon Development (Amendment) Bill 
2021 in Ireland, the UK and France already have legislated domestically to achieve the net-zero target by 2050.   
Single Electricity Market 
The SEM came into operation on the Island of Ireland in November 2007 and it was reformed in 2018 to 
integrate with the pan-European market (by way of a project entitled Integrated Single Electricity Market (I-
SEM)). See further the section of this Offering Circular entitled “Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Group – Business Risks – Growing Competitive Intensity in Generation and Retail Services 
and SEM”. 
SEM is operated by the Single Electricity Market Operator (SEMO). SEMO is a joint venture between EirGrid, 
the Transmission System Operator (TSO) for Ireland, and SONI, the TSO for Northern Ireland. SEMO is 
licensed and regulated co-operatively by the CRU and the UR. 
The SEM includes a wholesale market for electricity in Ireland and Northern Ireland through which virtually all 
electricity generated in, or imported into, the Island of Ireland must be sold, and from which all wholesale 
electricity consumed in, or exported from, the Island of Ireland must be purchased. The key features of the 
market are a non-mandatory Day Ahead Market and Intraday Auctions as well as a mandatory Balancing Market. 
Generators and suppliers have the flexibility to price in these markets without reference to explicit bidding

--- Page 88 ---
88 
controls as existed in the previous SEM market but must comply with competition and EU law requirements.  
The exception to this is in the Balancing Market, where non energy balancing actions related to system stability 
must comply with a Bidding Code of Practice. 
The SEM includes a forwards capacity market where generators bid for contracts for delivery one year-ahead 
(known as T-1) and four years ahead (known as T-4).  Further, new build capacity may compete in the T-4 
auction and achieve a fixed capacity contract for ten years to support new investment. In addition, in order to 
mitigate market power, the regulatory bodies direct ESB to sell each year to eligible suppliers a portion of output 
in the form of directed contracts for differences (Directed CfDs). The relevant regulatory bodies determine both 
the quantity and price (which is calculated using a model based on forward Day Ahead Price values) of these 
Directed CfDs. 
Therefore, to the extent set out in the preceding paragraphs, there remains an element of regulatory control over 
the wholesale price of electricity on the Island of Ireland.  
A generator may wish to mitigate the uncertainty associated with fluctuating SEM energy prices by entering into 
bilateral arrangements with participating suppliers, to achieve the effect of a fixed output price. This continues to 
be achieved through the selling of Non-Directed CfD contracts, in addition to Directed CfDs where the regulator 
determines the strike price. 
Electricity Transmission 
Ireland 
The Irish electricity transmission system is a high voltage network for the transmission of bulk electricity 
supplies around Ireland. The high voltage lines deliver electricity from Ireland’s generation sources to the 
transformer stations, where the electricity voltage is reduced and taken onwards through the distribution system 
to individual users’ premises. There are also approximately 18 very large commercial users directly connected to 
the transmission system.  
The Irish transmission system is operated and owned by separate entities, namely EirGrid (a separate Irish State-
owned company) and ESB (acting through its ring-fenced ESB Networks division, ESBN).  
EirGrid is the licensed operator of the Irish electricity transmission system. It has responsibility for the operation, 
maintenance and development of Ireland’s transmission system in a safe, secure, reliable, economical and 
efficient manner. It offers terms and levies charges regulated by the CRU for the connection to and use of the 
system by market participants.  
On 13 May 2021, the Government announced that EirGrid will be the TSO and the transmission asset owner 
(TAO) for the offshore windfarm sector transmission facilities that are developed to integrate offshore 
windfarms to the Irish electricity transmission system. These facilities are expected to be mainly point-to-
point/ship-to-shore connections on the east coast of Ireland in the period up to 2030. 
ESBN owns the Irish transmission system assets (with a regulatory asset base (RAB) value as at 31 December 
2020 of approximately €2.6 billion) and is licensed as the TAO by the CRU. ESBN, in its capacity as TAO, is 
required to maintain the transmission system and carry out construction work for its development in accordance 
with the TSO’s Transmission Development Plan.  The interaction between EirGrid as TSO and ESBN as TAO is 
the subject of an agreement which has been approved by the CRU.  
In Ireland, transmission revenue reviews are carried out by the CRU every five years based on the CRU allowed 
operating costs, recovery of allowed capital investment over their asset lifetimes, and an allowed return on the 
regulatory network asset base.  The latest five-year review (agreed in December 2020) covers the period 2021 to 
2025 and sets out the total allowed revenues over that period for both the TSO and the TAO. Each year the 
allowed revenue is refined in an annual review that updates a range of assumptions. This determines the allowed 
revenue in the relevant year, which is then used to calculate tariffs and charges to users of the transmission 
system. See further the section of this Offering Circular entitled “Description of ESB - ESB Networks - ESB 
Networks Regulated Returns”. 
Northern Ireland 
EirGrid’s subsidiary, SONI Limited (SONI), is the licensed operator of the Northern Ireland electricity 
transmission system (TSO).  
Northern Ireland Electricity Networks Limited (NIE Networks), which was acquired by ESB in December 2010, 
owns the electricity transmission system in Northern Ireland and is the TAO. 
The transmission functions of planning and operation of the transmission system are undertaken by SONI (as 
TSO) in accordance with the arrangements set out in a Transmission Interface Agreement (TIA) as agreed by the

--- Page 89 ---
89 
UR.  NIE Networks is responsible for the development, construction and maintenance of the transmission 
system. 
The UR sets the allowed TAO transmission revenues and tariffs for NIE Networks based on the UR allowed 
operating costs, recovery of allowed capital investment over their asset lifetimes, and an allowed return on the 
regulatory network asset base. The principles applied in this regard by the UR are similar to those used by the 
CRU and are based on the UK regulatory model applied by Ofgem to regulated networks. As with Ireland, a 
multi-year price control review takes place. The latest multi-year review covers the period from October 2017 to 
March 2024 (referred to as RP6) and sets out the total allowed revenues over that period for the TAO. Each year 
in the tariff setting process the allowed revenue is refined and updated for a range of assumptions.  
 
Electricity Distribution 
The electricity distribution system is the combination of high, medium and low voltage electricity networks used 
to deliver electricity to individual users (other than those very large users connected directly to the transmission 
network, referred to above). 
Ireland 
The Irish electricity distribution system (with a RAB value as at 31 December 2020 of approximately €5.8 
billion) is owned and operated by separate entities within the Group. ESB Networks DAC is the licensed 
distribution system operator (DSO) in Ireland. The DSO is a wholly owned subsidiary of ESB and is subject to 
corporate governance oversight by the Board of ESB but operates independently of ESB in relation to its DSO 
functions. It has responsibilities which include the operation, maintenance and development of Ireland’s 
electricity distribution system in a safe, secure, reliable, economical and efficient manner. It offers terms and 
levies charges regulated by the CRU for the connection to and use of the distribution system by market 
participants.  
The Irish distribution system assets are owned by ESBN as the distribution asset owner (DAO). The interaction 
between ESB Networks DAC in its capacity as DSO and ESBN in its capacity as DAO is the subject of an 
agreement which has been approved by the CRU.  
Distribution revenue reviews are carried out by the CRU every five years and are refined on an annual basis. The 
latest five year review (agreed in December 2020) covers the period 2021 to 2025 and sets out the total allowed 
revenues over that period for both the DSO and the DAO based on the CRU allowed operating costs, recovery of 
allowed capital investment over their asset lifetimes, incentives and/or penalties relating to achievement of 
agreed targets and an allowed return on the regulatory network asset base. Each year the allowed revenue is 
refined in an annual review that updates a range of assumptions. This determines the allowed revenue in the 
relevant year which is then used to calculate tariffs and charges to users of the distribution system. See further 
the section of this Offering Circular entitled “Description of ESB – ESB Networks – ESB Networks Regulated 
Returns”. 
Northern Ireland 
NIE Networks owns the electricity distribution system assets in Northern Ireland and is responsible for the 
planning, development, construction and maintenance of the entire distribution network, as well as the operation 
of the distribution network. NIE Networks had a RAB value of approximately GBP1.6 billion for its regulated 
transmission and distribution asset base at the end of December 2020.  NIE Networks’ licence requires it to 
develop and maintain an efficient, coordinated and economical system of electricity distribution.  The UR sets 
the allowed DAO and DSO revenues and tariffs for NIE Networks based on the UR allowed operating costs, 
recovery of allowed capital investment over their asset lifetimes, and an allowed return on the regulatory network 
asset base. As with Ireland, a multi-year price control review takes place. The latest multi-year review covers the 
period from October 2017 to March 2024 (referred to as RP6) and sets out the total allowed revenues over that 
period for both the DSO and the DAO activities carried out by NIE Networks.  Each year in the tariff setting 
process the allowed revenue is refined and updated for a range of assumptions. In addition to the charges for 
transmission services levied on SONI, NIE Networks’ revenue is also derived from charges for use of the 
distribution system levied on electricity suppliers.  These charges are also regulated by the UR as outlined above. 
Interconnection with Other Networks 
A 500-megawatt power interconnector, owned by EirGrid, between Ireland and Wales (the East-West 
Interconnector) links the electricity transmission system in Ireland to the electricity transmission system in 
Great Britain, enabling two way transmission of electricity. EirGrid is responsible for the operation of the East-
West Interconnector with the cost of the project recovered from end users.   
In addition a 500-megawatt interconnector exists between Northern Ireland and Scotland (referred to as the 
Moyle Interconnector).  This interconnector is owned and operated by Moyle Interconnector Limited.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
The UK’s withdrawal from the EU has resulted in changes in the way the existing interconnectors between 
Ireland and the UK operate.  As at the date of this Offering Circular, technical discussions are taking place in 
relation to these changes under the auspices of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement. 
Additional interconnectors are also planned for development between Ireland and France (known as the “Celtic 
Interconnector”, a 700-megawatt interconnector to be developed by EirGrid and expected to be operational in 
2026) together with a second interconnector between Ireland and Wales (to be known as “the Greenlink” and to 
be developed by a private company). 
Electricity Generation 
The SEM for the wholesale electricity generation sector comprises approximately 15,000 MW of capacity 
connected to the system on an Island of Ireland basis. The capacity connected to the system includes a mix of 
older generation plants alongside modern combined cycle gas turbine (CCGT) plants and renewable energy 
sources such as wind power. These stations generate electricity from fuels such as gas, coal and oil as well as 
hydro, wind and biomass.  
To connect to the electricity network, a generator must hold (i) an Authorisation to Construct or Reconstruct a 
Generating Station and (ii) a Generation Licence. In Ireland, the CRU is responsible for assessing and for 
granting, or refusing to grant, these permits. The conditions imposed in the Authorisation and in the Licence 
must be met by the generator and compliance is monitored by the CRU on an on-going basis.  
Electricity Supply 
The liberalisation of Ireland’s electricity supply market began in February 2000 with full market opening to all 
consumers in February 2005. 
The CRU licenses electricity suppliers in Ireland and the UR licenses electricity suppliers in Northern Ireland.  
Following a public consultation process with effect from 4 April 2011, the CRU removed price regulation 
previously imposed on ESB’s retail electricity supply business in Ireland. In connection with the removal of such 
price regulation, ESB re-branded its retail electricity supply business in Ireland as ‘Electric Ireland’ and this 
business now operates in Ireland without price regulation.  
The CRU’s conditions for the price deregulation of ESB’s retail electricity supply business in Ireland requires 
that ESB does not have a market share of more than 60 per cent. in Ireland’s residential market and 50 per cent. 
market share for each of the small, medium and large business user segments.  
As at 31 December 2020, Electric Ireland had approximately 1.2 million residential electricity customers in 
Ireland and Northern Ireland. 
Electric Ireland holds the public electricity supply licence issued by the CRU. See further the section of this 
Offering Circular entitled “Description of ESB –Customer Solutions”.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
DESCRIPTION OF ESB FINANCE DAC 
Introduction 
ESB Finance was incorporated in Ireland on 26 January 2010 as a private limited company with registered 
number 480184.  It re-registered as a designated activity company in 2016.  As an Irish incorporated company it 
operates under the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland. ESB Finance’s registered office is at Two Gateway, East 
Wall Road, Dublin 3, Ireland and its telephone number is +353 1676 5831. ESB Finance is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of ESB. 
ESB Finance was incorporated for the purpose of, inter alia, acting as a general financing vehicle for the Group, 
including lending or otherwise making available to other members of the Group the proceeds of fundraisings in 
which it engages from time to time. 
ESB Finance is managed in accordance with the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland and all other applicable 
provisions of Irish company law, its constitution, relevant provisions of the ESB Acts 1927 to 2014 of Ireland 
and the Code of Practice for the Governance of State Bodies published by the Department of Public Expenditure 
and Reform of Ireland. 
Board of ESB Finance 
The Directors of ESB Finance and their principal outside activities are: 
Name 
Principal Activities outside ESB Finance 
Deirdre Cowler 
Director of certain other ESB subsidiaries and employee of ESB 
Gerry Tallon 
Director of certain other ESB subsidiaries and employee of ESB 
Pat Fenlon 
Susan McCarthy 
Director of certain other ESB subsidiaries and employee of ESB 
Employee of ESB 
Eddie Byrne 
Director of certain other ESB subsidiaries and employee of ESB 
Pat Fenlon is part of the Senior Management of ESB, see further the section of this Offering Circular entitled 
“Description of ESB – Senior Management of ESB”. The business address of each of the Directors of ESB 
Finance for the purposes of this Offering Circular is Two Gateway, East Wall Road, Dublin 3, Ireland.  
There are no potential conflicts of interests between the duties of ESB Finance’s Directors in such capacity and 
their private or other professional interests.  
The Issuer and ESB 
As a wholly-owned subsidiary of ESB, ESB Finance is dependent on the performance of ESB and the other 
members of the Group to generate sufficient income to enable ESB Finance to perform and satisfy its payment 
obligations under the Notes. 
Auditors 
The auditors to ESB Finance are PricewaterhouseCoopers, Chartered Accountants and Registered Auditors, 
whose office is at One Spencer Dock, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
DESCRIPTION OF ESB 
Overview 
ESB was established as a statutory corporation in Ireland under the Electricity (Supply) Act 1927 and it operates 
under the ESB Acts 1927 to 2014 of Ireland. ESB’s head office is at Two Gateway, East Wall Road, Dublin 3, 
Ireland and its telephone number is +353 1 676 5831. ESB is majority owned by the Government of Ireland 
through the Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform of Ireland (who holds 86 per cent. of its issued capital 
stock) and the Minister for Environment, Climate and Communications of Ireland (who holds approximately 
10.1 per cent. of its issued capital stock). The remaining issued capital stock of ESB (just under 4 per cent.) is 
held by an Employee Share Ownership Trust. 
The primary activities of ESB and its subsidiaries (together, the Group) are the ownership and/or operation of 
electricity distribution and transmission networks in Ireland and Northern Ireland and the generation and supply 
of electricity in Ireland and Great Britain. In addition, the Group supplies gas, energy services and uses its 
networks to carry fibre for telecommunications. As at 31 December 2020, the Group was the sole owner of the 
electricity distribution and transmission networks in Ireland and Northern Ireland (via Northern Ireland 
Electricity Networks Limited which is 100 per cent. indirectly owned by ESB) providing the Group with a RAB 
(see further below for an explanation of this term) of approximately €10.2 billion, owned a generation portfolio 
of 5.5 GW of thermal and renewable assets across the Island of Ireland (4.1 GW) and Great Britain (1.4 GW) and 
supplied electricity, gas and energy services to approximately 1.3 million customer accounts throughout the 
Island of Ireland. On average in 2020, the Group employed approximately 7,938 people. 
Dividend Policy 
ESB agreed a dividend policy with the Government of Ireland in 2013 which provides for a target dividend pay-
out ratio of 40 per cent. of normalised profit after tax from 2017 and thereafter.  It also recognises that sustaining 
a minimum credit rating of BBB+ on a standalone basis is a key policy objective for ESB and that this should be 
a priority consideration when considering dividend payments under this dividend policy. 
ESB’s Summary Financial Information 
Key Financial Performance Measures 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
 
2020 
  
  
€'m 
€'m 
€'m 
€'m 
 
€'m 
  
Operating Profit before exceptional items 
597  
490  
455  
682  
 
616 
  
EBITDA 
1,324  
1,276  
1,175  
1,372  
 
1,299 
Note 1 
Capital Expenditure 
897  
867  
1,165  
1,242  
 
1,115 
Note 2 
Net Debt 
4,524  
4,377  
4,915  
5,239  
 
5,120 
Note 3 
Gearing 
51% 
52% 
56% 
57% 
 
55% 
Note 4 
Note 1 EBITDA by Business Segment 
Definition: Financial measure of operating performance. 
EBITDA for any given period is calculated as operating profit before interest, taxation, depreciation, 
impairments (including non-trading net impairment losses on financial assets), amortisation and revenue from 
supply contributions for that period per the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
ESB Group Consolidated EBITDA by Business Segment  
 
Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
Operating 
Profit  
(including 
exceptional 
items) 
Exceptional 
Impairment 
Operating 
Profit (excl 
exceptional 
impairment) 
Net 
Depreciation 
& 
Amortisation  
Impairment 
not 
classified as 
exceptional 
Earnings Before 
Interest Tax 
Depreciation 
and 
Amortisation 
(EBITDA) 
€'m 
€'m 
€'m 
€'m 
€'m 
ESB Networks 
308 
0 
308 
(410) 
0 
718 
NIE Networks 
85 
0 
85 
(143) 
0 
228 
Generation & Trading 
(79) 
(188) 
109 
(131) 
(13) 
253 
Customer Solutions 
58 
0 
58 
(20) 
0 
78 
Other Segments 
(3) 
0 
(3) 
(25) 
0 
22 
  
  
Total 
369 
(188) 
557 
(729) 
(13) 
1,299 
Business Segment EBITDA as % of ESB Consolidated Group EBITDA 
ESB Networks 
55% 
NIE Networks 
18% 
Generation & Trading 
19% 
Customer Solutions 
6% 
Other Segments 
2% 
Total 
100% 
 
Note 2 ESB Regulated Networks and Unregulated Capital Expenditure Analysis 
Definition: Financial measure of the amount of funds used to acquire, upgrade and maintain fixed assets.  
 
Capital Expenditure 
2016 
2017 
2018* 
2019* 
2020* 
  
€'m 
€'m 
€'m 
€'m 
€'m 
ESB Networks 
            
373  
            
501  
             
590  
            
581  
 
749 
NIE Networks 
            
141  
            
143  
             
171  
            
154  
 
140 
ESB Regulated Networks Capital 
Expenditure 
            
514  
            
644  
             
761  
            
735  
 
889 
ESB 
Unregulated 
Capital 
Expenditure 
            
383  
            
223  
             
404  
            
507  
 
226 
ESB Total Capital Expenditure 
            
897  
            
867  
          
1,165  
         
1,242  
 
1,115 
Regulated 
Networks 
Business 
capital expenditure 
  
  
  
 
as % of ESB Consolidated Capital 
Expenditure 
57% 
74% 
65% 
59% 
 
80% 
 
* 2018 to 2020 Capex figures are gross of supply contributions in line with IFRS 15 'Revenue from Contracts with 
Customers', the impact of this change in accounting treatment results in higher network capex from 2018 onwards. 
Note 3 Net Debt 
Definition: Financial measure which indicates the overall debt situation of ESB.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Net Debt for any given date is the total of borrowing and other debt (including lease liabilities following the 
adoption of IFRS16 Leases from 1 January 2019) less cash and cash equivalents per the consolidated financial 
statements of the Group at that date.  
 
ESB Group Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2020 
December-
20 
December-
19 
  
€'billion 
€'billion 
  
  
  
Borrowings 
(5.2) 
(5.2) 
Lease liabilities (following introduction of IFRS 16 in FY19) 
(0.1) 
(0.1) 
Total Debt 
(5.3) 
(5.3) 
Cash & cash equivalents (included in current assets) 
 0.2  
 0.1  
Net Debt 
 (5.1)  
 (5.2)  
 
 
Borrowings 
The analysis of borrowings of €5.2 billion by source at 31 December 2020 (€5.2 billion as at 31 December 2019) 
is summarised below: 
 
% of Borrowings by source at 
December-
20 
December-
19 
  
€'billion 
€'billion 
  
  
  
Bonds 
83.4% 
79.8% 
US Private Placement 
5.6% 
6.0% 
Long term borrowings 
10.8% 
13.9% 
Project Finance 
0.2% 
0.3% 
ESB total debt maturity profile at 31 December 2020

--- Page 95 ---
95

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Note 4 Gearing Percentage 
Definition: Financial measure in the form of a leverage ratio used to evaluate the financial position. 
Gearing percentage (%) is net debt divided by the sum of net assets and gross debt (excluding joint ventures) 
per the consolidated financial statements of the Group.  
Total Assets 
Definition: Financial measure to assess the value of the total assets of the Group. 
Total Assets is the total of non-current assets and current assets per the consolidated financial statements of the 
Group. As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s Total Assets excluding cash were €13.6 billion and the % of Total 
Assets excluding cash by business segments is summarised below. 
 
Regulated Asset Base 
Definition: Regulated Asset Base (RAB) is a valuation of the transmission and distribution networks related 
assets for regulatory purposes which are held by ESB Networks and NIE Networks respectively. In the case of 
the relevant assets held by ESB Networks, the RAB value is determined in accordance with the CRU’s required 
methodology and, in the case of the relevant assets held by NIE Networks, the RAB value is determined in 
accordance with the UR’s required methodology. 
 
Definition: Liquidity is a measure of the cash and committed facilities available to ESB at a point in time. 
Liquidity is the total of cash and cash equivalents per the Group’s consolidated financial statements and 
undrawn committed facilities. As at 31 December 2020, the Group's liquidity was €1.8 billion made up of cash 
and cash equivalents €0.2 billion and committed undrawn committed facilities of €1.6 billion.  
Alternative Performance Measures 
The terms “EBITDA”, “Net Debt”, “Gearing Percentage”, “Regulated Asset Base”, “Total Assets excluding cash 
by business segment” and “Liquidity” are alternative performance measures and provide a measure of the key 
financial performance indicators of the Group’s business. These alternative performance measures are included 
in this Offering Circular to allow potential Noteholders to better assess the Group’s performance and business.  
Organisational Structure 
The Group is organised into six main operating divisions as of 31 December 2020: 
ESB Networks, which consists of the ownership of the electricity distribution and transmission assets in Ireland 
and the operation, through ESB Networks DAC, of the electricity distribution system in Ireland;  
Northern Ireland Electricity Networks Limited, which is an independent company within the Group with its 
own board of directors, management and staff, that owns the electricity transmission and distribution networks in 
Northern Ireland and operates the electricity distribution network in Northern Ireland; 
Total Assets (excluding Cash) by Business Segment at 31 December 2020
ESB Networks
57%
NIE Networks
16%
Generation & Trading
18%
Customer Solutions
3%
Other Segments
6%
Regulated Asset Base
December-20
December-19
€bn
€bn
ESB Networks
8.4
8.1
NIE Networks
1.8
1.9
Total Regulated Asset Base
10.2
10.0

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Generation and Trading, which consists of the Group’s generation assets (both in Ireland and abroad) and 
related trading functions;  
Customer Solutions, which consists primarily of the Group’s customer facing businesses including energy 
supply (including Electric Ireland), energy services, Telecoms and ecars (the Group's electric vehicle 
infrastructure business);  
Engineering and Major Projects, which is focused on delivering major projects and engineering services across 
the Group; and 
Enterprise Services, which delivers key internal business and strategic services to support the operating 
divisions.  
The Group's generation and supply operational structure is motivated by an intention to implement a Generation, 
Trading and Supply business model, whilst observing applicable regulatory constraints. Regulatory 
developments may facilitate further movement towards this model in the future. 
In addition, a Strategy, Innovation and Transformation Directorate is responsible for setting and managing 
strategic direction, corporate affairs, energy and regulatory policy and managing enterprise risk drivers. This 
Directorate is also responsible for managing the Group’s investment in SIRO, a joint venture with Vodafone 
Ireland Limited investing in telecommunication assets through the rollout of its national Fibre-to-the-Building 
network with services available to over 359,000 premises as at December 2020.  
A Finance and Commercial Directorate is responsible for Group financing, the assessment of investments, 
overall Group risk management and governance, and central accounting and reporting. 
The primary activities of these six core operational divisions are described below. 
ESB Networks 
ESB Networks (ESBN) owns the electricity distribution and transmission systems in Ireland. The CRU has 
issued to ESB (i) Distribution Asset Owner (DAO) and (ii) TAO licences. As a regulated entity ESBN is subject 
to ring-fencing arrangements and its activities are subject to regulation by the CRU. 
To date ESBN has carried out its functions through an integrated asset management and work delivery 
organisational model that covers both distribution and transmission. It has a staff of approximately 3,436 which 
is supplemented by external resources when required. As at 31 December 2020, it had a Regulated Asset Base 
(RAB) of approximately €8.4 billion.  For comparison, its RAB as at 31 December 2016 was approximately €7.5 
billion and as at 31 December 2010 was approximately €6.1 billion.  ESB Networks accounted for 55 per cent. of 
the Group’s EBITDA in 2020 and 57 per cent. of the Group’s total assets (excluding cash) as at 31 December  
2020. 
ESB Networks DAC was established as a separate company to act as independent operator of the electricity 
distribution system in Ireland with effect from 1 January 2009. It holds a Distribution System Operator (DSO) 
licence from the CRU. ESB Networks DAC is a wholly owned subsidiary of ESB and is subject to corporate 
governance oversight by the Board of ESB, but operates independently of ESB in the exercise of its DSO 
functions. 
ESBN’s role as TAO is carried out under an agreement entered into with EirGrid, a separate Irish State-owned 
company, which is the TSO in Ireland.  This agreement has been approved by the CRU. 
ESB, through ESBN, also owns and maintains transmission circuits interconnecting the Northern Ireland and 
Ireland transmission systems. ESB’s role with respect to these existing circuits is restricted to ownership, 
maintenance and asset replacement. Transmission system operation is the responsibility of EirGrid (in 
conjunction with SONI in Northern Ireland).

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Distribution Business 
Ireland Distribution Network Diagram 
 
As the holder of the DAO licence issued by the 
CRU, ESBN is the sole owner of the electricity 
distribution network in Ireland. 
As holder of the DSO licence issued by the 
CRU, ESB Networks DAC is responsible for 
distribution system development and the 
construction, operation, and maintenance of 
over 260,000 transformers and over 170,000km 
of distribution networks. ESB Networks DAC 
is also responsible for the installation and 
maintenance of meters, for reading all end-user 
meters and for the processing of meter readings 
on behalf of all supply companies. The 
continued roll out of smart meters is a key 
feature of PR5 with over 2.3 million meters to 
be delivered by the end of the current PR period 
in 2025. In 2020, 224,400 smart meters were 
successfully installed bringing the total installed 
as at 31 December 2020 to 239,400. The 
priority for 2021 is to have safely installed a 
total of 500,000 smart meters. 
ESBN in its capacity as DAO and ESB 
Networks DAC in its capacity as DSO earn 
their respective revenues principally through 
charges for connection to and use of the 
distribution system, in each case as regulated by 
the CRU. 
 
Source: ESBN

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Transmission Business 
Ireland Transmission Network Diagram  
As the holder of the TAO licence issued by the CRU, 
ESBN is the sole owner of the electricity transmission 
network in Ireland and is responsible for the 
construction and maintenance of the transmission 
system, subject to the terms of an agreement with the 
TSO, which has been approved by the CRU. 
The transmission network comprises 99 transmission 
stations and over 7,400km of lines at three voltage 
levels: 400 kV, 220 kV and 110 kV. 
The TAO earns its revenue principally through charges 
for connection to and use of the transmission system, 
as regulated by the CRU. 
 
Source: EirGrid 
 
ESB Networks Regulated Returns 
The returns which ESB Networks makes, in its respective capacities as TAO and DAO, are regulated by the 
CRU. The CRU sets the total revenues allowed to the TAO and DAO from the transmission system assets and 
distribution system assets, respectively, for consecutive five year periods (each a Regulatory Price Control 
Period) based on allowed operating costs, recovery of allowed capital investment over their asset lifetimes, and 
an allowed return on the regulatory network asset base .  The Regulatory Price Control Period in effect as at the 
date of this Offering Circular covers the 5 year period 2021 to 2025 (inclusive) and is the fifth such period since 
inception of this legal regime in Ireland and is termed Price Review 5 (PR5). Each year the allowed revenue is 
refined in an annual review that updates a range of assumptions. This determines the allowed revenue in the 
relevant year which is then used to calculate tariffs and charges to users of the transmission and distribution 
systems. In addition, PR5 allows for ESB to earn performance incentive revenue which is linked to the efficient 
delivery of outputs and achievement of performance targets.  ESB Networks is focused on the delivery of the 
work programmes approved as part of the PR5 allowed revenue determination.   
As at 31 December 2020, the value of the RAB in respect of the transmission assets was approximately €2.6 
billion and the value of the RAB in respect of the distribution assets was approximately €5.8 billion. The RAB 
value is adjusted annually for inflation or deflation. The CRU determined that the annual allowed return 
(Weighted Average Cost of Capital or WACC) on the RAB (as so adjusted) for PR5 is 3.80 per cent. plus 
inflation (calculated pre-tax real cost of debt and real pre-tax cost of equity). This WACC applies to both the 
transmission and distribution RAB.  ESB Networks’ RAB value is estimated by CRU to increase to 
approximately €10.0 billion (in 2019 money) at the end of the PR5 period in 2025 per the CRU’s required RAB 
valuation methodology as outlined in the CRU’s PR5 published revenue determination. The actual RAB value at 
the end of the PR5 period may differ from this estimate, depending on actual capital expenditure and the rate of 
inflation or deflation over the PR5 period.   
ESB Networks made an operating profit (before exceptional items) of €368 million in the financial year ended 31 
December 2020. 
Northern Ireland Electricity Networks Limited 
On 21 December 2010, ESB acquired Northern Ireland Electricity Networks Limited (then Northern Ireland 
Electricity Limited) (NIE Networks), the regulated Northern Ireland electricity networks business, from 
Viridian Group Ltd. for approximately GBP1.3 billion. NIE Networks is the sole owner and operator of the

--- Page 100 ---
100 
distribution network in Northern Ireland and the sole owner of the electricity transmission network in Northern 
Ireland (SONI Limited operates the Northern Ireland transmission system). NIE Networks operates as a ring-
fenced business within the Group. NIE Networks accounted for 18 per cent. of the Group’s EBITDA in 2020 and 
16 per cent. of the Group’s total assets (excluding cash) as at 31 December 2020. 
NIE Networks Regulated Returns 
NIE Networks is subject to periodic reviews by the UR in respect of prices it may charge for use of the 
transmission and distribution network in Northern Ireland. 
The sixth regulatory price control period (RP6) commenced on 1 October 2017 and will apply for the period to 
31 March 2024. 
The UR’s RP6 final published revenue determination sets ex ante allowances of GBP0.7 billion for capital 
investment and GBP0.4 billion in respect of operating costs (in 2015/2016 money). The allowances in respect of 
major transmission load growth projects will be considered on a case by case basis, for example, the North-South 
Interconnector. The allowances will be adjusted to reflect 50 per cent. of the difference between the allowances 
set and actual costs incurred for both capital and operating costs. NIE Networks’ customer connections business 
is largely outside the scope of the RP6 price control following the introduction of contestability in Northern 
Ireland. 
The RP6 baseline rate of return of 3.18 per cent. plus inflation (weighted average cost of capital based on a pre-
tax cost of debt and post-tax cost of equity) has been adjusted to 3.14 per cent reflecting the market cost 
prevailing for new debt raised during the RP6 period. This mechanism is new for RP6, departing from the RP5 
approach of setting an ex-ante allowance, and will align the cost of debt component of the return more closely 
with prevailing market conditions at the time of drawdown of new debt.  The allowed WACC will be applied to 
both the transmission and distribution Regulatory Asset Base, with NIE Networks’ RAB value estimated by UR 
to be approximately GBP1.5 billion (in 2015/2016 money) at the end of the RP6 period in 2024 per the UR’s 
required RAB valuation methodology as outlined in the UR’s RP6 final published revenue determination. The 
actual RAB value at the end of the RP6 period may differ from this estimate, depending on actual capital 
expenditure and the rate of inflation or deflation over the RP6 period. 
As at the end of the RP5 period at 30 September 2017, NIE Networks had a RAB value of GBP1.5 billion 
(nominal prices), an increase of GBP0.3 billion since the end of RP4 at the end of March 2012. 
Generation and Trading 
Generation and Trading (GT) develops, operates and trades the output of ESB’s generation assets. It has a 
generation portfolio of 5.5 GW, which includes approximately 4.1GW of generation in the SEM on the Island of 
Ireland and approximately 1.4 GW in Great Britain. GT accounted for 19 per cent. of the Group’s EBITDA in 
2020 and 18 per cent. of the Group’s total assets (excluding cash) as at 31 December 2020.  GT has a diversified 
mix of fuels in its portfolio (per cent. of production by fuel type for 2020: 23 per cent. renewable (wind, hydro 
and solar); 66 per cent. gas and oil; 6 per cent. coal; and 5 per cent. peat). GT’s peat stations located in the Irish 
midlands region ceased operations towards the end of 2020. 
For further details in relation to the SEM see the section of this Offering Circular entitled “Overview of the 
Electricity Markets in Ireland and Northern Ireland”. 
Generation – SEM 
GT is, to date, the SEM's largest generator in Ireland with an approximate 29 per cent. of market share by 
volume for the twelve month period ended on 31 December 2020.   
Details of GT’s SEM generation plants in operation as at 31 December 2020 are shown in the table below:

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
GT Generation Capacity 
Breakdown – SEM 
  
 
 
At 31 December 2020 
MW 
 
 
  
  
 
 
Coal 
  
Hydro 
  
Moneypoint 
855 
Ardnacrusha 
86 
  
  
Erne 
(Cathleen's 
Falls/Cliff) and Clady 
69 
Gas 
  
Lee 
(Carrigdrohid/Inniscarra) 
27 
Aghada 
705 
Liffey 
(Leixlip/Golden 
Falls/Poulaphuca) 
38 
Coolkeeragh 
402 
  
  
Poolbeg 
463 
Pumped Storage 
  
Synergen 
410 
Turlough Hill 
292 
North Wall 
104 
  
  
 
 
Wind 
  
Oil 
  
Wind Portfolio 
593 
 Coolkeeragh 
53 
  
 
 
 
Solar 
1 
 
 
 
 
  
  
Total SEM Portfolio 
4,098 
 
Source: ESB 
GT’s generation portfolio contains a balance of plants at various stages in the merit order including base-load, 
mid-merit and peaking plant. This diversification helps to protect GT from reductions in demand while allowing 
returns to be maximised during peak periods. GT also has a diversified mix of fuel which aims to protect the 
generation portfolio from commodity movements.   
Licence changes were put in place by the regulatory authorities in 2013, giving effect to their decision to allow 
the removal of ring–fences which had historically separated GT’s regulated and unregulated generation 
portfolios. This allowed organisational and system changes to be implemented within GT to bring the two 
portfolios together, resulting in reduced costs and improved risk management capabilities. 
Generation – Great Britain 
Given EU level market integration initiatives and increasing physical interconnection, ESB views its future home 
market as comprising the SEM (Island of Ireland) and the Great Britain markets. GT has therefore focused 
development activities on increasing its presence in Great Britain. 
 
GT currently owns 100 per cent. of Corby CCGT plant in addition to three wind farms in Devon, Wales and 
West Durham and the 881MW CCGT plant at Carrington in Manchester, which successfully entered commercial 
operation in September 2016. In 2015, ESB invested in, and managed the construction of, Tilbury Green Power, 
a waste wood biomass plant in Tilbury Docks near London. The Tilbury Green Power investment was sold in 
June 2021.  In March 2018, ESB acquired a 12.5 per cent. of the Galloper offshore wind farm in the North Sea, 
which reached commercial operations in September 2018. In November 2019, ESB acquired 50 per cent of the 
Neart Na Gaoithe offshore windfarm off the coast of Scotland.  This offshore wind project is a joint venture with 
EDF Renewables and has recently commenced its construction phase.  The windfarm is scheduled to be 
commissioned in 2024.  In 2020, ESB acquired a 50 per cent. stake in the Inch Cape offshore wind farm located 
off the coast of Scotland. 
The table below outlines details of the operational Great British portfolio of assets as at 31 December 2020: 
GT Generation Assets Operating Outside SEM

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Location 
Type / Capacity 
Operational Since 
ESB Ownership 
Corby, England 
Gas-Fired, 350 MW 
1992 
100% 
Wind Assets 
Wind, 125 MW 
Various 
100% 
Carrington England 
Gas-Fired, 881 MW 
September 2016 
100% 
Mill 
Farm 
Battery, 
Lincolnshire 
Battery, 7 MW 
June 2018 
100% 
Tilbury Green Power, 
England 
Biomass, 40 MW 
January 2019 
47%* 
Galloper 
Offshore 
Windfarm, England 
Wind, 353 MW 
September 2018 
12.5% 
*ESB disposed of its investment in Tilbury Green Power in June 2021.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Trading 
ESB Trading engages in energy trading activities to manage the operational and commercial exposures arising 
from ESB’s ownership of generation assets. The output of these assets is sold into the SEM and Great Britain 
markets and GT seeks to hedge forecast generation to have the effect of reducing energy margin volatility. 
Within the SEM market a large portion of forecast generation is hedged through contracts for differences (CfDs) 
to suppliers and through bi-lateral sales to industrial and commercial customers. As part of the regulatory regime 
to mitigate ESB’s market power, the regulatory authorities mandate ESB to sell CfD hedging contracts known as 
‘Directed Contracts’ each year to other market participants (amounting to approximately 4.2TWh in 2020). 
These Directed Contracts are sold at a price determined by the regulatory authorities.  Within the Great Britain 
market, forecast generation is hedged directly with wholesale counterparties in the market. 
GT additionally executes hedges on behalf of other ESB entities to support the risk management of their 
electricity and gas customer business. 
Development Activities 
  
GT is responsible for identifying and developing opportunities to enhance and expand ESB’s generation 
portfolio, in order to build a balanced, low-carbon generation portfolio in Ireland and Great Britain, as part of 
ESB’s strategic ambition of delivering generation/supply businesses of scale.  There was further progress on this 
objective during 2020, with the development, construction and delivery of a number of new generation assets 
including the following: 
 
Biomass 
 
ESB disposed of its investment in Tilbury Green Power in June 2021. ESB has retained the sole right to 
develop a phase two project on the Tilbury site – an energy from waste plant (following the sale of its investment 
in the operational Tilbury waste wood biomass plant).  This project is known as Thameside 
Energy Recovery Facility. Pre-development work is on-going with respect to that project.  
 
Onshore Wind 
 
 
Commercial operation of the 114 MW wind farm at Grousemount in Kerry was achieved in 2020.  
 
Continuing development of up to 850 MW of wind generation in Scotland and 110 MW of wind 
generation in Wales, in conjunction with Coriolis and with REG Holdings, of which 150 MW is now 
fully consented.  
 
In 2020, ESB’s Board approved the entry into a joint venture with Coillte. The purpose of this joint 
venture is to develop onshore wind assets on Coillte owned land in Ireland. In early 2021, the 
establishment of this joint venture was approved by the Competition and Consumer Protection 
Commission of Ireland. 
 
Solar 
 
Continuing development of potential solar projects from the Terra solar pipeline, in Harmony Solar Ireland 
Limited and through ESB’s joint ventures with Bord na Móna. 
 
Offshore Wind 
 
 
In 2020, ESB acquired a 50 per cent. shareholding in the 1,000 MW Inch Cape offshore wind farm off 
the east coast of Scotland.  
 
Further ESB is partnering with Parkwind in the development of the Oriel and Clogherhead wind farms 
and also entered into key strategic partnership agreements with Equinor to co-develop offshore wind 
assets in Ireland.  
 
Early stage development and due-diligence work on various other offshore opportunities off the coast of 
Ireland, Northern Ireland and Great Britain is on-going. 
 
Flexible Generation 
 
2020 saw further progress in the development of potential flexible gas plants, batteries and synchronous 
compensators in Great Britain and Ireland. 
Customer Solutions

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Customer Solutions consists primarily of the Group’s customer facing businesses including energy supply, 
energy services, telecoms, ecars (the Group's electric vehicle infrastructure business) and a home retro-fit 
business. Customer Solutions businesses accounted for 6 per cent. of the Group’s EBITDA in 2020.   
In 2010, ESB rebranded its two previously separate energy supply businesses, the regulated ESB Customer 
Supply (ESBCS) and the unregulated ESB Independent Energy (ESBIe), as Electric Ireland. The rebranding was 
a regulatory requirement to facilitate the deregulation of ESBCS and the uniting of the two businesses into a 
single supply entity. Ring-fencing restrictions between ESBIe and ESBCS were lifted by the CRU following full 
business market deregulation on 1 October 2010. From April 2011, Electric Ireland has been free to offer 
competitive, unregulated tariffs to all electricity and gas users in Ireland. Electric Ireland entered the Northern 
Ireland Market in October 2015. 
As at 31 December 2020, Electric Ireland supplied electricity to approximately 1.2 million customers in the retail 
market of the Island of Ireland and had an Island of Ireland market share (including businesses) of approximately 
34 per cent.  
Electric Ireland is the main brand within the Customer Solutions business and operates on a standalone basis 
from other businesses within the Group. It purchases electricity from the SEM in order to supply the electricity 
needs of its customers. Electric Ireland hedges a significant part of its purchasing requirements through CfDs. 
ESB is working towards an integrated generation, trading and supply (GTS) model. 
To facilitate end user price stability, Electric Ireland has a strategy of hedging a high proportion of demand, 
excluding Large Energy Users, through power CfDs. 
As the Public Electricity Supplier (PES), Electric Ireland is required to offer a supply of electricity to all 
customers in the Irish market with a demand level of less than 30kVA.  In 2011, the CRU decided that the role of 
the Supplier of Last Resort (SoLR) should be offered to the market subject to the design and completion of a 
competitive process (that is not yet in place) and that the incremental costs of a SoLR event should be socialised.  
All supply licenses now contain an obligation to serve as the SoLR, where directed by the CRU. 
Customer Solutions also includes ESB’s other customer facing businesses including Smart Energy Services, ESB 
Telecoms (via ESB Telecoms Ltd), ESB ecars (the Group's electric vehicle infrastructure business) and Electric 
Ireland Superhomes.   
 
Smart Energy Services – provides energy management services to large energy users in Ireland and 
Great Britain. 
 
ESB Telecoms Ltd – provides telecommunications and fibre solutions in the wholesale market 
leveraging ESB's electricity network infrastructure.  
 
ESB ecars - has installed and is operating a national electric vehicle charging infrastructure in Ireland 
which will support the Irish Government’s stated target of widespread electric vehicle penetration. It 
also provides a growing number of vehicle charging points in the UK. 
 
Electric Ireland Superhomes – a joint venture created with Tipperary Energy Agency in 2021 providing 
a home retro-fit service to domestic customers. 
Engineering and Major Projects 
Engineering and Major Projects is focused on delivering major projects and engineering solutions required by 
ESB and its customers to lead the transition to reliable, affordable and low carbon energy.  It includes ESB 
International which offers a full range of engineering consultancy and operations and maintenance services to 
utility customers in Ireland, including the Group, and internationally. 
Enterprise Services 
Enterprise Services delivers key internal business and strategic services to support the operating divisions 
including IT, legal, procurement, insurance, pensions, people and finance operations.  
Board of ESB 
The Board size and structure is governed by the ESB Acts 1927 to 2014 and by the Worker Participation (State 
Enterprises) Act 1977 (as amended). 
The Board of ESB currently comprises eleven members – a Chairman, five independent Board members and the 
Chief Executive (all of whom are appointed by the Government of Ireland for terms of up to five years and may 
be reappointed) and four worker Board members who are ESB staff members and who are appointed to the 
Board by the Minister for Environment, Climate and Communications of Ireland for a four year term and may be 
reappointed under the Worker Participation (State Enterprises) Act 1977 (as amended).  
The current Board members and their principal outside activities are:

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Name  
Title  
Principal Activities outside ESB  
Anne Butler 
Independent Board Member 
Appointment 
to 
the 
Board: November 
2012. 
 
Career 
experience: Chartered 
engineer. Worked in engineering 
consultancy 
for 
Dublin 
local 
authorities and was a founding 
Director 
(Executive) 
of 
the 
Environmental Protection Agency 
(EPA). Former President of the 
Institution of Engineers and is a 
member of the Irish Academy of 
Engineering. 
External 
appointments: Served 
on several boards including the 
National Roads Authority (NRA), 
Ordnance Survey Ireland (OSI) 
and 
Dublin 
Institute 
of 
Technology (DIT) and currently 
serves on the board of REPAK Ltd 
and 
the 
National 
Paediatric 
Hospital Development board. 
Dave Byrne  
Worker Board Member  
Appointment 
to 
the 
Board: January 2011 under the 
Worker 
Participation 
(State 
Enterprises) 
Act 
1977. 
Re-
appointed 
to 
the 
Board 
in 
September 2018 for a term of four 
years 
commencing 
1 
January 
2019.   
Career experience: Member of a 
team that is now part of ESB’s 
Enterprise Services organisation 
and previously worked in ESB 
Customer Supply (now Customer 
Solutions).   
External appointments: President 
of 
ESB 
Officers 
Association 
(ESBOA) until April 2010 and 
then appointed as the Group of 
Unions’ representative in Central 
Partnership. 
Stephen Carrig 
Worker Board Member  
Appointment 
to 
the 
Board: January 2019 under the 
Worker 
Participation 
(State 
Enterprises) Act 1977.   
Career experience: Joined ESB 
as an apprentice electrician in 
1985. Holds primary and master’s 
degrees 
in 
engineering 
from 
Trinity 
College 
Dublin 
and 
University 
College 
Dublin 
respectively. He is Controls and 
Instrument 
(C&I) 
Asset

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Management Specialist for the 
ESB Generation Portfolio.  
External appointments: Member 
of the Institute of Engineers 
Ireland (IEI) and former Chair of 
Energy 
Sector 
Professionals 
Association (ESPA) from 2014 to 
2018. 
Andrew Hastings 
Independent Board Member   
Appointment to the Board: July 
2015.  
Career 
experience: Graduated 
with a B.Admin in 1985 from 
Dundee University. Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director 
and 
Mentor following a 30-year career 
in Banking and Financial Services. 
A chartered director, chartered 
banker and certified bank director 
and held CEO position of Barclays 
Bank Ireland plc until March 
2015, 
which 
included 
responsibility for NI. Previously 
CEO of BNP Paribas Ireland from 
2007 to 2011.  
External appointments: Director 
of 
Elavon 
Financial 
Services 
DAC, the Dublin-based subsidiary 
of US Bancorp, Pepper Finance 
Corporation 
(Ireland) 
DAC,  
Scottish Building Society and a 
consultant 
to 
London-based 
Valuation Consulting LLP. 
Seán Kelly  
Worker Board Member  
Appointment 
to 
the 
Board: January 2011 under the 
Worker 
Participation 
(State 
Enterprises) 
Act 
1977. 
Re-
appointed 
to 
the 
Board 
in 
September 2018 for a term of four 
years 
commencing 
1 
January 
2019.   
Career 
experience: A 
20-year 
career in ESB Networks, currently 
in the delivery of large projects. 
Holds an honours degree in 
business from University College 
Dublin and a higher diploma in 
mediation and conflict resolution 
from Maynooth University. Holds 
a diploma in human resources 
completed 
through 
Chartered 
Institute 
of 
Personnel 
and 
Development (CIPD), certificates 
in 
health 
and 
safety 
from 
University College Dublin and an 
in-company directorship from the 
Institute of Directors in Ireland.   
External appointments: Former 
chairperson and current member of

--- Page 107 ---
107 
the 
ESB 
Defined 
Benefit 
Superannuation Committee and 
Training Officer for the National 
Workers Directors’ Group. He is a 
member of the CIPD and the 
Institute of Directors (IOD). 
Paul Lynam 
Independent Board Member 
Appointment 
to 
the 
Board: October 2016.   
Career 
experience:  
He 
is 
currently Managing Director of 
Jungheinrich Lift Truck (Ireland) 
Ltd, a subsidiary of the German 
based Jungheinrich AG a leading 
material 
handling 
solutions 
provider. He has over 25 years' 
experience in business in Ireland 
and internationally. He previously 
served as Director of Operations 
of the International Industrial 
Business with Brand Energy and 
Infrastructure Services. He also 
previously served as CEO of the 
Whitfield Clinic in Waterford, 
CEO of Siemens Limited Ireland 
and CFO of Siemens Limited 
Ireland (2008 – 2010). He spent 14 
years in Germany in various 
management 
roles 
with 
the 
Smurfit 
Group 
and 
Kappa 
Packaging. 
Holds 
a 
BSc 
in 
analytical science from Dublin 
City University, a postgraduate 
diploma in business studies from 
University College Dublin and an 
MBA 
from 
City 
University 
Seattle.   
 
External appointments:  Director 
at Jungheinrich Lift Truck Ltd, 
previously served as Director of 
Siemens 
Limited 
Ireland 
and 
Director 
of 
Whitfield 
Clinic 
associated companies. 
Tony Merriman  
Worker Board Member  
Appointment 
to 
the 
Board: January 2007 under the 
Worker 
Participation 
(State 
Enterprises) 
Act 
1977. 
Re-
appointed 
to 
the 
Board 
in 
September 2018 for a term of four 
years 
commencing 
1 
January 
2019.   
Career experience:  Joined ESB 
as a network technician in 1979. 
Served as an officer with the ESB 
Group of Unions.   
External 
appointments: Board 
member of ESB Employee Share 
Ownership Plan (ESOP) Trustee

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Limited, Chairman of the National 
Workers Directors’ Group and 
Trustee of ElectricAid. 
Pat O’Doherty 
Chief Executive  
Appointment 
to 
the 
Board: January 2013 as Board 
member and December 2011 as 
Chief Executive. Pat O’Doherty is 
due to retire in the third quarter of 
2021.  On 30 June 2021, the ESB 
Board approved the appointment 
of Paddy Hayes as the next Chief 
Executive of ESB.  Paddy Hayes 
is currently the Managing Director 
of ESB Networks. 
Career 
experience: Holds 
primary and master's degrees in 
engineering 
from 
University 
College Dublin. Prior to his 
current role, Pat headed up ESB’s 
largest businesses as Executive 
Director, 
ESB 
International, 
Managing 
Director, 
ESB 
Networks and Executive Director, 
ESB 
Power 
Generation. 
He 
completed 
the 
Advanced 
Management 
Programme 
at 
Harvard Business School.   
External 
appointments:  
President 
of 
Eurelectric, Director of Energy 
UK, Chair of the Apprenticeship 
Council of Ireland and former 
trustee of The Conference Board 
of the United States. 
Noreen O’Kelly  
Independent Board Member 
Appointment to the Board: April 
2013.   
Career experience: A chartered 
accountant 
who 
trained 
with 
KPMG. 
Held 
several 
senior 
positions in Independent News and 
Media Group including Head of 
Treasury and Group Secretary and 
was also Company Secretary of 
C&C Group plc. She currently 
works as a consultant on corporate 
governance.    
External appointments: Director, 
Vice Chair and Chair of Audit 
Committee of Rehab Group and 
external member of the Audit 
Committee of University College 
Dublin. 
Terence O’Rourke 
Chairman 
Appointment 
to 
the 
Board:  November  2020. 
Career experience: A Fellow of 
the 
Institute 
of 
Chartered 
Accountants in Ireland. Joined

--- Page 109 ---
109 
KPMG in 1975, became an audit 
partner in 1988 and was elected 
Managing Partner in 2006. A 
member 
of 
KPMG’s 
Global 
Board, Global Executive Team 
and EMA Board, from 2007 to 
2013. Terence has a wide breadth 
of business skills with high-level 
experience in commercial, finance, 
decision-making 
and 
strategy 
development roles working with 
clients in Ireland and abroad.  
External 
appointments: 
Chairman of Enterprise Ireland 
and Kinsale Capital Management 
Ltd. Non-executive Director and 
Audit 
Committee 
Chair 
of 
Hibernia REIT plc, Non-executive 
Director of The Irish Times Ltd 
and 
Chair 
of 
their 
Audit 
Committee. Chairman of the Irish 
Management Institute and a Board 
member 
of 
the 
Institute 
of 
International 
and 
European 
Affairs. Led the Arts Council 2014 
Strategic Review Steering Group 
and has been involved in a number 
of Charity Boards. 
Alf Smiddy 
Independent Board Member 
Appointment 
to 
the 
Board: October 
2016. 
 
Career experience: A chartered 
accountant, who trained with PwC. 
Chairman and Managing Director 
of Beamish & Crawford plc for 
over 12 years and on the Board of 
its parent company, Scottish & 
Newcastle (UK) Ltd. Member of 
the National Executive Council of 
IBEC, Director of Cork Chamber 
of Commerce, Chairman of the 
Cork 
Local 
Government 
Committee and served on the 
board of Cork Airport Authority. 
He is a Fellow of the Irish 
Marketing Institute. A commerce 
graduate from University College 
Cork with a Masters in Executive 
Leadership from Boston College 
and the University of Ulster. 
External 
appointments: 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director 
and 
Director 
with 
designated 
responsibility 
for 
workforce engagement at The 
Dalata Hotel Group Plc, Chairman 
and/or 
Director 
of 
various 
independent companies including 
Aperee Ltd and Granite Digital, 
Director of Rethink Ireland and

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Director of Oxfam Ireland. 
The business address of each member of the Board is Two Gateway, East Wall Road, Dublin 3, Ireland. 
Members of the Board of ESB may from time to time hold directorships of, or may otherwise be involved with 
or have interests in, third parties who may, or whose affiliates may, from time to time, in the ordinary course of 
business, enter into arm’s length commercial arrangements with ESB or another Group company. Disclosure is 
provided to ESB as required under applicable corporate governance rules and procedures of any such interests. 
Save as disclosed above, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the 
Board of ESB in such capacity and their private or other professional interests. 
Senior Management of ESB 
The executive management team at ESB is comprised of: 
Name  
Title  
Biography  
Pat O’Doherty 
Chief Executive  
Appointed: December 2011, term 
extended by a further three years, 
effective 1 December 2018. Pat 
O’Doherty is due to retire in the 
third quarter of 2021.  On 30 June 
2021, the ESB Board approved the 
appointment of Paddy Hayes as 
the next Chief Executive of ESB.  
Paddy Hayes is currently the 
Managing 
Director 
of 
ESB 
Networks. 
Career Experience: Pat joined 
ESB in 1981. Prior to his current 
role, Pat headed up ESB’s largest 
businesses as Executive Director 
of ESB International, Managing 
Director of ESB Networks DAC 
and Executive Director of ESB 
Power Generation. Pat holds both 
primary and master’s degrees in 
engineering 
from 
University 
College Dublin. He completed the 
Advanced 
Management 
Programme at Harvard Business 
School. 
He 
is 
President 
of 
Eurelectric, Director of Energy 
UK, Chair of the Apprenticeship 
Council of Ireland and a former 
trustee of The Conference Board 
of the United States. 
Pat O’Doherty is due to retire in 
the third quarter of 2021.  On 30 
June 
2021, 
the 
ESB 
Board 
approved 
the 
appointment 
of 
Paddy Hayes as the next Chief 
Executive of ESB.  Paddy Hayes 
is currently the Managing Director 
of ESB Networks. 
Jerry O'Sullivan  
Deputy Chief Executive  
Appointed: October 2014  
Career Experience: Prior to his 
current role, Jerry was Managing 
Director of ESB Networks DAC. 
Jerry was appointed Chairman of 
ESBN DAC in 2010. He joined 
ESB in 1981 and held a number of

--- Page 111 ---
111 
positions 
in 
Power 
Station 
Construction, 
Distribution 
and 
Transmission, Retail, Contracting, 
Marketing and Customer Service. 
He 
was 
appointed 
Head 
of 
Network Services in 2002 and 
Head 
of 
Sustainability 
and 
Network Systems in 2008. He 
holds a degree in civil engineering 
from University College Cork and 
is a Fellow of Engineers Ireland 
and a member of the University 
College Dublin Energy Institute 
Advisory Board. 
Marie Sinnott  
Company  Secretary 
Appointed: August 2019  
Career 
Experience: 
Marie 
Sinnott was appointed Company 
Secretary in August 2019. Prior to 
this she held the position of 
Group Head of Compliance and 
Enterprise 
Risk 
Management. 
Marie joined ESB in 1989 as part 
of 
the 
Business 
Graduate 
Development Programme and has 
held 
a 
number 
of 
senior 
management roles in the ESB. 
Marie is a University College 
Dublin commerce graduate, holds 
a master’s degree in Economic 
Policy 
Studies 
from 
Trinity 
College 
Dublin 
and 
a 
Postgraduate 
Diploma 
in 
Corporate 
Governance 
from 
University College Dublin. She 
also has a certificate in Data 
Protection Practice from the Irish 
Law Society. Marie is an external 
member of DCU’s Governing 
Authority 
Risk 
Management 
Committee. 
Pat Fenlon 
Executive Director, Group Finance 
and Commercial  
Appointed: July 2016  
Career Experience: Prior to his 
current role, Pat held a number of 
senior 
financial 
and 
general 
management 
positions 
across 
ESB including General Manager 
of Electric Ireland, Corporate 
Change Manager and 
Group 
Finance & Commercial Manager. 
He is a fellow of Chartered 
Accountants Ireland and worked 
with PwC in Dublin before 
joining ESB in 1993.      
Marguerite Sayers 
Executive Director, Customer 
Appointed: November 2014

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Solutions 
Career Experience: Prior to her 
current 
role, 
Marguerite 
was 
Managing Director ESB Networks 
DAC. Marguerite has worked in 
various technical and managerial 
positions in ESB since 1991, 
including Generation Manager and 
Head of Asset Management for 
ESB Networks. She has a degree 
in Electrical Engineering from 
University 
College 
Cork, 
a 
diploma 
in 
Accounting 
and 
Finance 
from 
University 
of 
Limerick and a diploma in Project 
Management 
from 
University 
College Cork. She is a Chartered 
Engineer and a Fellow and past 
President of Engineers Ireland.  
 
Pat Naughton 
Executive Director,  
People and Organisational 
Development  
Appointed: June 2012  
Career 
Experience: 
A 
mechanical 
engineer, 
Pat 
has 
worked in a variety of roles since 
joining the Group in 1978. He 
previously held senior positions as 
HR Manager in ESB Energy 
International, Manager Strategy 
and Portfolio Development, ESB 
Energy International and Manager 
of Hydro Stations, ESB Power 
Generation. He completed the 
Advanced 
Human 
Resources 
Program at Michigan University in 
2012. Pat is a member of the board 
of 
the 
Institute 
of 
Public 
Administration 
and 
chairs 
its 
Audit and Risk Committee. 
Jim Dollard  
Executive Director,  Generation 
and Trading 
Appointed: July 2013  
Career Experience: Jim was 
appointed 
Executive 
Director, 
Generation & Trading in May 
2018. Prior to this he held the 
position of Executive Director for 
Business 
Service 
Centre 
and 
Electric 
Ireland. 
A 
chartered 
management 
accountant, 
Jim 
began his career at ESB in 1992 
and has held a number of senior 
management positions throughout 
the Group. Jim holds a bachelor’s 
degree 
in 
commerce 
and 
a 
master’s degree in business studies 
from University College Dublin. 
He 
completed 
the 
Advanced 
Management 
Programme 
at 
Harvard Business School in 2017. 
Paul Mulvaney 
Executive Director, Customer 
Delivery, ESB Networks 
Appointed: October 2014

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Career Experience: Paul was 
appointed 
Executive 
Director, 
Customer Delivery ESB Networks 
in May 2018. Prior to this he held 
the position of Executive Director, 
Innovation. Paul joined ESB in 
1985 and has held a number of 
senior management positions in 
Power 
Generation 
and 
was 
Programme Manager Corporate 
Change. 
He 
was 
appointed 
Managing Director of eCars in 
2009 and Head of Distribution and 
Customer Service, ESB Networks 
Ltd. in 2012. Paul holds a degree 
in Mechanical Engineering, a 
Diploma 
in 
Accounting 
and 
Finance, a Diploma in Company 
Direction 
and 
completed 
the 
Advanced 
Management 
Programme at the IESE Business 
School 
in 
the 
University 
of 
Navarra. Paul is a Fellow of the 
Institute of Directors (UK) and 
was named Chartered Director of 
the Year 2020. 
Paddy Hayes 
Managing Director, ESB 
Networks  
Appointed: June 2012. On 30 
June 
2021, 
the 
ESB 
Board 
approved 
the 
appointment 
of 
Paddy Hayes as the next Chief 
Executive of ESB.  
Career Experience: Prior to his 
current role, Paddy was Executive 
Director 
of 
Generation 
and 
Wholesale Markets. A chartered 
engineer, Paddy worked with 
British Steel before joining ESB in 
1999. He holds a master’s degree 
in engineering from University 
College Dublin and an MBA from 
the University of Warwick, Paddy 
is 
currently 
co-chair 
of 
the 
European 
Distribution 
Transmission 
Cooperation 
Platform. 
Nicholas Tarrant 
Executive Director, Engineering 
and Major Projects  
Appointed: June 2018  
Career 
Experience: 
Nicholas 
Tarrant was appointed Executive 
Director, Engineering and Major 
Projects in June 2018. Prior to this 
he held the position of Managing 
Director, 
Northern 
Ireland 
Electricity 
Networks. 
Nicholas 
joined ESB in 1993 where he held 
a number of senior management 
positions 
including 
Generation 
Manager with responsibility for 
ESB’s generation portfolio. He is a 
chartered engineer at the Institute

--- Page 114 ---
114 
of Engineers of Ireland, he holds 
an 
MSc 
(management) 
from 
Trinity 
College 
Dublin 
and 
completed the Stanford Executive 
Programme in 2014. 
Geraldine Heavey 
Executive Director, Enterprise 
Services  
Appointed: June 2018  
Career Experience: Geraldine 
Heavey was appointed to the 
position of Executive Director, 
Enterprise Services in June 2018. 
Prior to this she held the role of 
Group Finance & Commercial 
Manager. She has worked in 
various finance and managerial 
positions in ESB since 1993, 
including 
Finance 
Controller, 
Business 
Service 
Centre 
and 
Electric Ireland, Manager, ESB 
Trading and Financial Controller, 
ESB Power Generation. She is an 
accountant and holds a Master’s 
degree in Business Administration 
from Dublin 
City University. 
Geraldine is an external member 
of 
Dublin 
City 
University’s 
Commercial Board and chairs its 
Audit Committee. 
Auditors 
The auditors to ESB are PricewaterhouseCoopers, Chartered Accountants and Registered Auditors whose office 
is at One Spencer Dock, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
TAXATION 
 
Irish Taxation  
The following summary of the anticipated tax treatment in Ireland in relation to the payments on Notes is based 
on Irish tax law and the practices of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland (the Irish tax authorities) as in force 
at the date of this Offering Circular. It does not constitute tax or legal advice and it does not purport to be, and is 
not, a complete description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, 
buy, hold, sell, redeem or dispose of Notes. The summary relates only to the position of persons who are the 
absolute beneficial owners of Notes and the interest payable on them (Noteholders). Prospective investors 
should consult their own professional advisers on the implications of subscribing for, buying, holding, selling, 
redeeming or disposing of Notes and the receipt of interest on Notes under the laws of the jurisdictions in which 
they may be liable to tax. 
1. 
Withholding Taxes 
Unless otherwise exempt, withholding tax at a prescribed rate of income 25 per cent. must be deducted 
from payments of yearly interest that are within the charge to Irish tax, which would include payments of 
interest on Notes. Yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period of one year. 
1.1 
Discount 
No withholding for or on account of income tax will be required to be made from payments of discount 
on Notes, as such amounts do not represent yearly interest. 
1.2 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
No withholding for or on account of income tax will be required to be made from payments of interest on 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year, as such amounts do not represent yearly interest. 
1.3 
Quoted Eurobond exemption 
Section 64 of the Taxes Act provides for the payment of interest in respect of Quoted Eurobonds without 
deduction of tax in certain circumstances. A Quoted Eurobond is defined in section 64 of the Taxes Act 
as a security which: 
(a) 
is issued by a company; 
(b) 
is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
is a recognised stock exchange for this purpose); and 
(c) 
carries a right to interest. 
There is no obligation to withhold tax from payments of interest on Quoted Eurobonds (Exempted 
Quoted Eurobonds) where: 
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland; and 
(i) 
the Quoted Eurobond is held in a recognised clearing system (Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are recognised clearing systems for this purpose); or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially 
entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made an appropriate declaration to 
this effect. 
1.4 
Wholesale Debt Instrument exemption 
Section 246A of the Taxes Act provides for the payment of interest on certain Wholesale Debt 
Instruments without deduction of tax in certain circumstances. Notes are Wholesale Debt Instruments 
for this purpose if they: 
(a) 
recognise an obligation to pay a stated amount; 
(b) 
carry a right to interest or are issued at a discount or at a premium; 
(c) 
mature within two years; and 
(d) 
are issued with a minimum denomination of €500,000 if denominated in euro, US$500,000 if 
denominated in US dollars or, in the case of Notes which are denominated in a currency other than

--- Page 116 ---
116 
euro or US dollars, the equivalent in that other currency of €500,000 (such amount to be 
determined by reference to the relevant rate of exchange at the date of the first publication of this 
program). 
There is no obligation to withhold tax from payments of interest on Wholesale Debt Instruments 
(Exempted Wholesale Debt Instruments) in certain circumstances. These circumstances are where: 
(a) 
the Wholesale Debt Instrument is held in a recognised clearing system (Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are recognised clearing systems for this purpose); or 
(b) 
the person by whom the payment is made or the person through whom the payment is made is 
resident in Ireland or the payment is made by or through a branch or agency through which a 
company not resident in Ireland carries on a trade or business in Ireland; and 
either: 
(i) 
the person who is beneficially entitled to the interest is a resident of Ireland who has 
provided their tax reference number to the payer; or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Wholesale Debt Instrument and who is 
beneficially entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration in 
the prescribed form. 
1.5 
Section 246 of the Taxes Act (Section 246) 
Section 246 provides certain exemptions from this general obligation to withhold tax including an 
exemption in respect of interest payments made by a company in the ordinary course of business carried 
on by it to a company: 
(a) 
that is resident for the purposes of tax in a relevant territory except where the interest is paid to the 
company in connection with a trade or business carried on in Ireland by that company through a 
branch or agency, provided that relevant territory imposes a tax that generally applies to interest 
receivable in that relevant territory by companies from sources outside that relevant territory; or  
(b) 
provided that the interest payable is exempted from the charge to income tax under a double 
taxation agreement in effect with Ireland or would be so exempted if a double taxation agreement 
signed by Ireland that will have the force of law following completion of the procedures set out in 
section 826(1) of the Taxes Act, had the force of law.  
In addition, section 246 includes an exemption in respect of interest payments made by a qualifying 
company within the meaning of section 110 of the Taxes Act (ESB Finance DAC is such a qualifying 
company) to a person who is resident for the purposes of tax in a relevant territory, except, in a case 
where the person is a company, where the interest is paid to the company in connection with a trade or 
business carried on in Ireland through a branch or agency.  
For the purpose of this Irish Taxation section “relevant territory” means an E.U. Member State, other than 
Ireland, or not being such a Member State, a territory with which Ireland has signed a double taxation 
agreement.  
For the purpose of this section 1.5, residence is to be determined under the laws of the relevant territory. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, Ireland has signed a double taxation agreement with each of 
Albania, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Bahrain, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Botswana, 
Bulgaria, Canada, China, Chile, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, Estonia, Ethiopia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Georgia, Ghana (not yet in effect), Greece, Hong Kong, Hungary, Iceland, 
Israel, India, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan (Rep. of)., Korea (Rep. of), Kuwait, Latvia, Lithuania, 
Luxembourg, Macedonia, Malaysia, Malta, Mexico, Moldova, Montenegro, Morocco, the Netherlands, 
New Zealand, Norway, Pakistan, Panama, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, 
Serbia, Singapore, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, 
Turkey, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States of America, Uzbekistan, 
Vietnam and Zambia.  In addition negotiations for a double taxation agreement with each of Kenya, 
Kosovo, Oman and Uruguay have concluded. 
2. 
Liability of Noteholders to income tax 
Persons resident in Ireland for the purposes of tax are subject to corporation tax or income tax on their 
worldwide income, which would include interest payable and discounts realised on Notes. 
A company wherever resident, if receiving interest or discount in connection with a trade carried on in 
Ireland through a branch or agency is subject to Irish corporation tax on that interest and discount.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Other persons not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax are subject to Irish income tax on the 
interest payable and discounts realised on Notes unless otherwise exempt. 
2.1 
Section 198 of the Taxes Act 
(a) 
A company which is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax will not be chargeable to 
Irish income tax in respect of interest paid (in the ordinary course of business of the relevant 
Issuers) or discounts realised on Notes, if either: 
(i) 
the company is resident in a relevant territory and such relevant territory imposes a 
corporate or income tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that relevant territory 
by companies from sources outside that relevant territory, or 
(ii) 
the interest paid is exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under a double taxation 
agreement that is in effect with Ireland or would be so exempted if a double taxation 
agreement signed by Ireland that will have the force of law following completion of the 
procedures set out in section 826(1) of the Taxes Act, had that force of law. 
(b) 
A person (whether or not a company) who is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax 
will not be chargeable to Irish income tax in respect of discounts realised on Notes if the person is 
resident in a relevant territory; or  
(c) 
A person will not be chargeable to income tax in respect of interest received in respect of an 
Exempted Quoted Eurobond or an Exempted Wholesale Debt Instrument where that person is: 
(i) 
a person who is resident for the purposes of tax in a Member State of the European Union 
(other than Ireland) or in a relevant territory; or 
(ii) 
a company controlled, either directly or indirectly, by persons resident the purposes of tax 
in a relevant territory, and who are not under the control, whether directly or indirectly, of a 
person who is, or persons who are not so resident; or  
(iii) 
a company the principal class of shares of which, is substantially and regularly traded on a 
stock exchange in Ireland, on a recognised stock exchange in a relevant territory or on such 
other stock exchange as is approved by the Minister for Finance of Ireland. 
(d) 
A person (whether or not a company) who is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax 
will not be chargeable to Irish income tax in respect of interest received or discounts realised on 
Notes if the person is resident in a relevant territory and the interest is paid by a qualifying 
company within the meaning of section 110 of the Taxes Act out of the assets of the qualifying 
company. 
For the purpose of this section 2.1, where a relevant territory has concluded as double taxation agreement 
with Ireland, residence is to be determined under the terms of that agreement. 
2.2 
Double taxation agreements 
Ireland’s double taxation agreements, that are in effect, may relieve or exempt interest from Irish tax 
when received by a resident of the other territory provided certain procedural formalities are completed.  
Interest and discounts realised on Notes that do not fall within the above exemptions are within the charge 
to income tax to the extent that a double taxation agreement that is in effect does not exempt the interest 
or discount as the case may be. 
However, it is understood that the Revenue Commissioners have, in the past, operated a practice (as a 
consequence of the absence of a collection mechanism rather than adopted policy) whereby no action will 
be taken to pursue any liability to such tax in respect of persons who are regarded as not being resident in 
Ireland for the purposes of tax except where such persons: 
(a) 
are chargeable in the name of a person (including a trustee) or in the name of an agent or branch in 
Ireland having the management or control of the interest; or 
(b) 
seek to claim relief and/or repayment of tax deducted at source in respect of taxed income from 
Irish sources; or 
(c) 
are chargeable to Irish corporation tax on the income of an Irish branch or agency or to income tax 
on the profits of a trade carried on in Ireland to which the interest is attributable. 
There can be no assurance that the Revenue Commissioners will apply this practice in the case of the 
holders of Notes and, as mentioned above, there is a statutory obligation to account for Irish tax on a self-

--- Page 118 ---
118 
assessment basis and there is no requirement for the Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an 
assessment. 
3. 
Encashment tax 
Interest on any Note which is an Exempted Quoted Eurobond realised or collected by an agent in Ireland 
on behalf of a holder will generally be subject to a withholding tax at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent. This 
is unless the beneficial owner of the Note that is entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and 
makes a declaration in the required form. This is provided that such interest is not for the purposes of tax 
deemed, under the provisions of tax legislation, to be the income of another person that is resident in 
Ireland. In addition, an exemption applies where the payment is made to a company where that company 
is beneficially entitled to that income and is or will be within the charge to corporation tax in respect of 
that income. 
4. 
Stamp Duty 
No stamp duty is payable on the issue or the transfer by delivery of Notes. 
Section 86 of the Stamp Duties Consolidation Act provides that no stamp duty will be chargeable on any 
instrument transferring Notes that are issued by ESB. 
In the event of written transfer of Notes issued by ESB Finance, no stamp duty is chargeable provided that 
ESB Finance is a qualifying company within the meaning of section 110 of the Taxes Act, and the money 
raised by the Notes is used in the course of its business. 
Where the above exemptions or another exemption does not apply, the instrument of transfer is liable to 
stamp duty at the rate of one per cent. of the consideration paid in respect of the transfer (or if greater, the 
market value thereof) which must be paid in Euro by the transferee (assuming an arm’s length transfer) 
within 30 days of the date on which the transfer instrument is executed, after which interest and penalties 
will apply. 
5. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Section 607 of the Taxes Act provides that Notes issued by ESB are not chargeable assets for the 
purposes of Irish tax. 
Separately, provided Notes are listed on a stock exchange, a holder will not be subject to tax on capital 
gains in respect of those Notes unless that holder is either resident or ordinarily resident for tax purposes 
in Ireland or that holder has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise, which carries on business in 
Ireland through a branch or agency, or a permanent establishment, to which or to whom Notes are 
attributable. 
If Notes issued by ESB Finance are at any time not listed on a stock exchange, then an exemption from 
tax on capital gains tax in respect of such Notes will continue to apply to the holders who are exempted in 
the circumstances referred to in the paragraph immediately above, insofar as Notes do not derive their 
value, or the greater part of their value, from Irish land or certain Irish mineral rights. 
6. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
If Notes are comprised in a gift or inheritance taken from a person resident or ordinarily resident for tax 
purposes in Ireland or if the disponer’s successor is resident or ordinarily resident for tax purposes in 
Ireland, or if any of Notes are regarded as property situate in Ireland, the disponer’s successor (primarily), 
or the disponer, may be liable to capital acquisitions tax. The Notes may be regarded as property situate in 
Ireland. 
For the purposes of capital acquisitions tax, under current legislation a non-Irish domiciled person will not 
be treated as resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for the purposes of the applicable legislation except 
where that person has been resident in Ireland for the purposes of tax for the 5 consecutive years of 
assessment immediately preceding the year of assessment in which the date of the gift or inheritance falls. 
7. 
Automatic Exchange of Information for Tax Purposes 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended by 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU) (DAC2) provides for the implementation among EU Member States 
(and certain third countries that have entered into information exchange agreements) of the automatic 
exchange of information in respect of various categories of income and capital and broadly encompasses 
the regime known as the CRS published by the OECD as a new global standard for the automatic 
exchange of information between tax authorities in participating jurisdictions.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Under the CRS, governments of participating jurisdictions are required to collect detailed information to 
be shared with other jurisdictions annually.  
CRS is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial 
Institutions Regulations 2015, S.I. 583 of 2015, made under Section 891F of the Taxes Consolidation Act 
1997, as amended.  
DAC2 is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the Mandatory Automatic Exchange of Information in the 
Field of Taxation Regulations of 2015, S.I. No. 609 of 2015 made under Section 891G of the Taxes 
Consolidation Act 1997, as amended.  
Pursuant to these regulations, the Issuers and the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) may be 
required to obtain and report to the Revenue Commissioners annually certain financial account and other 
information for all non-Irish and non-U.S. new and existing holders of Notes (and, in certain 
circumstances, their controlling persons). The returns must be submitted by 30 June annually. The 
information must include amongst other things, details of the name, address, taxpayer identification 
number (TIN), place of residence and, in the case of holders of Notes who are individuals, the date and 
place of birth, together with details relating to payments made to accountholders and their holdings. This 
information may be shared with tax authorities in other EU Member States (and in certain third countries 
subject to the terms of Information Exchange Agreements entered into with those countries) and 
jurisdictions which implement the CRS.  
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or 
related requirements.  The Issuers and the Guarantor (where the Issuer is ESB Finance) may be foreign 
financial institutions for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including Ireland) have entered into, 
or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of 
the relevant issuer).  However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions—Further 
Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes. 
FATCA Implementation in Ireland 
The obligations of Irish foreign financial institutions under FATCA are covered by the provisions of the 
Ireland/US IGA (signed in December 2012) and the Financial Accounts Reporting (United States of 
America) Regulations 2014, as amended (the Regulations). Under the IGA and the Regulations, any Irish 
financial institutions as defined under the IGA are required to report annually to the Revenue 
Commissioners details on its US account holders including the name, address and taxpayer identification 
number (TIN) and certain other details. Such institutions have been required to amend their account on-
boarding procedures in order to easily identify US new account holders and report this information to the 
Revenue Commissioners. 
8. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in 
a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 6 August 2021 (such programme 
agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement), 
agreed with ESB and ESB Finance a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. In the Programme Agreement, ESB and ESB Finance have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of its distribution at any time 
or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such 
Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has 
further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send 
to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Index Linked Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional 
selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b)  
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member State”), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)  
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 123 ---
123 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other United Kingdom Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (where the relevant Issuer 
is ESB Finance); and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly,  
offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
Ireland  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it will not offer, sell, underwrite, place or do anything in Ireland in respect of any Notes otherwise than in 
compliance with (i) the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended) (the 2014 Act), (ii) 
the Prospectus Regulation, (iii) any rules issued under section 1363 of the 2014 Act by the Central Bank of 
Ireland, (iv) the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 of Ireland (as 
amended) and, in connection therewith, any codes of conduct used or rules issued and any conditions or 
requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, and (v) the 
provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 of Ireland (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not offer, sell, underwrite, place or do anything in Ireland in respect of any Notes otherwise than in 
compliance with the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland and any codes of conduct made under

--- Page 124 ---
124 
section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 or any regulations issued pursuant to Part 8 of the Central 
Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 of Ireland (as amended); and 
(c) 
it will not offer, sell, underwrite, place or do anything in Ireland in respect of any Notes otherwise than in 
compliance with Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 
2014 on market abuse, the Market Abuse Directive on criminal sanctions for market abuse (Directive 
2014/57/EU), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 of Ireland (as amended) and any Irish 
market abuse law as defined in those Regulations or the 2014 Act and any rules made or guidance issued 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in connection therewith, including any rules issued under section 1370 of 
the 2014 Act by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Offering 
Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any 
of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme by ESB Finance has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of ESB Finance dated 29 July 2021. The update of the Programme by ESB and the giving of the guarantee in 
respect of the Notes issued by ESB Finance have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of ESB dated 
24 February 2021. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated market. Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available  
From the date of this Offering Circular and for as long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes issued 
thereunder remain outstanding, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for 
inspection (by physical and/or electronic means) from the registered office of the relevant Issuer and from the 
specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London: 
(a) the ESB Acts 1927 to 2014 of Ireland establishing ESB as a body corporate in Ireland (also available at 
http://www.irishstatutebook.ie/eli/2014/act/5/enacted/en/html); 
(b) 
the constitutional documents of ESB Finance; 
(c) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of ESB in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020, together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith. ESB 
currently prepares audited consolidated accounts on an annual basis;  
(d) 
the audited financial statements of ESB Finance in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2020, together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith. ESB Finance 
currently prepares audited accounts on an annual basis;  
(e) 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, 
the Coupons and the Talons; 
(f) 
a copy of this Offering Circular (also available at https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-
detail/p913%7C22907/documents); and 
(g) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms (save 
that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA 
nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and 
identity) to this Offering Circular and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, a copy of the memorandum and articles of association of ESB Finance, the Agency Agreement, the 
Supplemental Trust Deed (including the Trust Deed and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive 
form, the Coupons and the Talons scheduled thereto) between ESB and ESB Finance as issuers, ESB as 
guarantor and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited dated 6 August 2021 and any future offering circulars, 
prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms (save for a Final Terms relating to a Note 
which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation) to this Offering Circular and any 
other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference will be available on the website of ESB at 
https://www.esb.ie/investor-relations/result-presentations-investor-updates. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Group since 31 
December 2020.  There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of ESB or ESB Finance since 31 
December 2020. 
Litigation 
Neither ESB nor ESB Finance nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which ESB 
or ESB Finance are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such 
period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of ESB, ESB Finance or the Group.  
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Chartered Accountants and members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 
Ireland, as auditors for ESB, audited ESB's accounts, without qualification, in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing (Ireland) for each of the financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020. PricewaterhouseCoopers are independent of ESB in accordance with the ethical requirements applicable to 
their audit of its financial statements in Ireland, including the ethical standards of the Irish Auditing and 
Accounting Supervisory Authority (IAASA). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Chartered Accountants and members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 
Ireland, as auditors for ESB Finance, audited ESB Finance's accounts, without qualification, in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing (Ireland) for each of the financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020. PricewaterhouseCoopers are independent of ESB Finance in accordance with the ethical 
requirements applicable to their audit of its financial statements in Ireland, including the ethical standards of 
IAASA. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
Dealers transacting with ESB and ESB Finance 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for ESB and ESB Finance and their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or 
make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers and their affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of either Issuer or their respective 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Websites 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites referred to in this Offering Circular forms no part 
of this document for the purposes of the listing of any Notes on Euronext Dublin. 
Trustee's action 
The Conditions and the Trust Deed provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the Noteholders in certain 
circumstances, but only if the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.  It may

--- Page 127 ---
127 
not always be possible for the Trustee to take certain actions, notwithstanding the provision of an indemnity 
and/or security and/or pre-funding to it.  Where the Trustee is unable to take any action, the Noteholders are 
permitted by the Conditions and the Trust Deed to take the relevant action directly.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
ISSUERS 
Electricity Supply Board 
 Two Gateway, East Wall Road 
Dublin 3 
Ireland 
ESB Finance DAC 
Two Gateway, East Wall Road 
Dublin 3 
Ireland 
GUARANTOR 
Electricity Supply Board 
Two Gateway, East Wall Road 
Dublin 3 
Ireland 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and to the Guarantor as to Irish law 
McCann FitzGerald 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuers and to the Guarantor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
One Spencer Dock 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
One Canada Square 
44th Floor 
London E14 5AA 
United Kingdom 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland