--- Page 1 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
1 
ESMÉE MASTER ISSUER NV/SA 
Institutionele VBS naar Belgisch recht / SIC institutionelle de droit belge 
(incorporated with limited liability in Belgium) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300TZ21REPM69EN29 
EUR 25,000,000,000 
SME Asset Backed Note Programme 
Under this SME Asset-Backed Note Programme (the "Programme"), Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA, Institutionele VBS naar 
Belgisch recht / SIC institutionnelle de droit belge (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue Notes denominated in euro, with 
a minimum denomination per Note of EUR 250,000. 
The Notes may only be subscribed, purchased or held by ("Eligible Holders") meaning investors that qualify both as (a) 
Qualifying Investors under the UCITS Act (each as defined below) and (b) a holder of an X-Account with the Clearing 
System operated by the National Bank of Belgium or (directly or indirectly) with a participant in such system. The 
Issuer will suspend payments of interest and principal on Notes in respect of which it becomes aware that they are not 
held by Eligible Holders. See "Transfer and holding restrictions" on page 209. 
As soon as the Issuer issues new Notes and as the Programme and the Notes becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation, 
investors shall carry out a due-diligence assessment in accordance with Article 5 of Regulation 2017/2402 laying down a 
general framework for securitisation and creating a specific framework for simple, transparent and standardised securitisation, 
and amending Directives 2009/65/EC, 2009/138/EC and 2011/61/EU and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 
648/2012 (the "Securitisation Regulation") which enables them to assess the risks involved. The "Risk factors" section 
starting on page 44 contains details of the risks and other factors that the Issuer deems most material and that should 
be given particular consideration before investing in the Notes. 
As from the Programme and the Notes becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation, prospective investors should 
carefully read and review the entire Base Prospectus and should form their own views before making an investment 
decision with respect to the Notes. Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors 
should consult their own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and 
carefully review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light 
of the prospective investor’s own circumstances and financial condition. Each investor contemplating the purchase of 
any Notes should conduct an independent investigation of the financial condition, and appraisal of the ability of the 
Issuer to pay its debts, the risks and rewards associated with the Notes and of the tax, accounting, prudential and legal 
consequences of investing in the Notes. 
This document (including the information incorporated by reference therein) is a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the 
Financial Services and Markets Authority ("FSMA") as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The FSMA only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market by Euronext Brussels ("Euronext 
Brussels") during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. Notice of certain terms and conditions not 
contained in this Base Prospectus which are applicable to the Notes will be set out in the relevant final terms (the "Final 
Terms") which will be delivered to Euronext Brussels and filed with the FSMA on or before the date of each issue of Notes. 
Notes issued under the Programme may also be listed on any other stock exchange specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes will be issued in the form of dematerialised notes and represented exclusively by a book-entry in the records of the 
securities settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the "Clearing System") or any successor thereto. 
Access to the Clearing System is available through its participants, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream Banking 
A.G., LuxCSD S.A. and certain others. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"), or any U.S. state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
of the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") except pursuant

--- Page 2 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
2 
to an exemption from or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. 
state securities laws. 
The Notes and (re)payment of principal, interest or any other amount due in connection with the Notes or the SME Receivables 
are not guaranteed by BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (in any capacity) or any other person. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPS 
regulation") for offering or selling Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("UK FSMA 2000") and any rules or regulations made under the UK FSMA 
2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, in Belgium to "consumers" (consumenten / consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law (Wetboek van economisch recht / Code de droit économique), as amended. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 29 November 2022. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of one year from its date of 
approval, i.e. until 29 November 2023. The obligation to publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus (as referred to above) 
no longer applies after the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus, even if important new factors, material mistakes 
or material imprecisions are discovered. 
Arranger and Dealer 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV

--- Page 3 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
3 
CONTENTS 
CLAUSE 
PAGE 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
5 
Structure Diagram 
5 
Overview 
6 
Transaction Parties 
10 
SME Loans, Sale and Servicing 
13 
Summary of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
17 
Rights of Noteholders 
24 
Credit Structure and Cashflow 
29 
Triggers Tables 
32 
Fees 
43 
RISK FACTORS 
44 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer 
44 
Risk Factors relating to the SME Loans 
46 
Risks relating to the Structure of the Programme 
53 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes 
58 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SME LOANS 
64 
Description of SME Loans 
64 
SME Loan Underwriting and Servicing 
69 
Overview of the Belgian Market for SME Loans 
78 
Portfolio Review 
79 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME STRUCTURE 
80 
Credit Structure 
80 
Sale of the SME Loans 
97 
Servicing of the SME Loans 
110 
Security for the Issuer's obligations 
112 
Regulatory compliance 
115 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE NOTES 
117 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
117 
Form of Final Terms 
176 
Issuance Tests 
196 
Use of Proceeds 
202 
Subscription and Sale 
203 
Transfer and Holding restrictions 
209

--- Page 4 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
4 
Taxation of the Notes in Belgium 
210 
Stabilisation 
219 
INFORMATION RELATING TO CERTAIN TRANSACTION PARTIES 
221 
The Issuer 
221 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
234 
Stichting Security Agent Esmée 
238 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
239 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
239 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus 
240 
Where more information can be found 
241 
Responsibility statement 
245 
Index of Defined Terms 
246

--- Page 5 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
5 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The information set out in this "General description of the Programme", comprising Sections "Structure 
Diagram" on page 5 to and including "Fees" (starting on page 43), is not purported to be complete. It 
should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by the detailed information presented 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, with respect to a particular Series and Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the 
same meanings in this "General description of the Programme". A listing of the pages on which these 
terms are defined is found in the "Index of defined terms" on page 246. 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM

--- Page 6 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
6 
OVERVIEW 
The following is an overview of the principal features of the Programme, and should be read as an 
introduction to this Base Prospectus. This overview does not purport to be complete, is taken from and 
is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed information presented elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Notes must be based on a consideration of the Base 
Prospectus as a whole, including any supplement thereto. Civil liability will only attach to the Issuer, 
if the overview is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent when read together with other parts of the 
Base Prospectus. Where a claim relating to the information contained in a Base Prospectus is brought 
before a court, the plaintiff investor might, under the national legislation of the Member States, have 
to bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
Capitalised terms used, but not defined, in this section can be found elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
For the page reference of the definitions of the capitalised terms used herein see section "Index of 
Defined Terms". 
Programme Establishment 
The Issuer has initially established the Programme on 2 December 
2009 (the "Programme Closing Date"). The maximum aggregate 
nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €25,000,000,000, subject to increase in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Issuance in Series, Tranches, 
Classes and Sub-classes 
Notes issued under the Programme have been and will be issued in 
Series and Tranches. The Notes within a Tranche: (a) have been and 
will be issued on a single date; and (b) have been and will be subject 
to identical Terms and Conditions. Each Series consists of one or 
more Tranches, subject to identical Terms and Conditions except for 
the Issue Date and the initial Interest Period. 
Each Series contains Notes of one or more Classes, and each Class of 
Notes may have Sub-classes. Notes of the same Class or Sub-class 
will rank pari passu and pro rata among themselves. Each Series of 
the same Class or Sub-class will not, however, be subject to identical 
terms in all respects (for example, interest rates, interest calculations, 
expected maturity and final maturity dates may differ). 
Notes of the same Class and Sub-class (if applicable) within each 
Series are fungible. 
Final Terms 
Each Tranche will be subject to Final Terms, which, for the purpose 
of that Tranche only, supplements the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes in this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with 
this Base Prospectus. 
Underlying Assets 
The Issuer's primary source of funds to make payments on the Notes 
will be derived from a portfolio comprising SME loans originated by

--- Page 7 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
7 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (or its legal predecessors) (see 
Description of SME Loans on page 64). The SME Loans can have a 
variety of characteristics relating to, among other things, calculation 
of interest and repayment of principal. 
Pursuant to the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Seller 
may from time to time, subject to certain criteria being satisfied, sell 
further SME Loans (see Sale of the SME Loans on page 97). The SME 
Loans will be pledged to the Secured Parties, including the 
Noteholders (see Security for the Issuer's obligations on page 112). 
Credit Enhancement 
• 
Subordination of more junior ranking Notes (see Condition 2) 
• 
Establishment of a Reserve Account (see Information 
relating to the Programme Structure, 3.2 (Reserve Account)) 
• 
Excess spread paid as Deferred Purchase Price in instalments 
as the lowest ranking item in the Interest Priority of Payments 
(see Information relating to the Programme Structure, 5 
(Interest Priority of Payments)). 
Liquidity Support 
• 
the Excess Margin to be retained by the Issuer from the 
amounts payable by the Issuer to the Interest Swap 
Counterparty under the Interest Swap Agreements 
• 
the amounts available in the Reserve Account 
Redemption Provisions 
Information on any optional and mandatory redemption of the Notes 
is summarised on page 17 (Transaction Overview - Summary of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and set out in full in Condition 6 
(Redemption and cancellation). 
Credit Rating Agencies 
Fitch and Moody's. Each of such Rating Agencies are registered under 
the CRA Regulations.  
Credit Ratings 
Ratings may be assigned to all or some of the Notes of a Series or 
Tranche on or before each Issue Date and such ratings will be set out 
in the Final Terms for the relevant Tranche. 
The ratings assigned by Fitch address the likelihood of (a) timely 
payment of interest due to the Noteholders on each Note Payment 
Date and (b) full payment of principal by a date that is not later than 
the Final Maturity Date. The ratings assigned by Moody's address the 
expected loss to a Noteholder in proportion to the initial principal

--- Page 8 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
8 
amount of the class of Notes held by the Noteholder by the Final 
Maturity Date. 
The assignment of ratings to the Notes is not a recommendation to 
invest in the Notes. Any credit rating assigned to the Notes may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn at any time. 
Listing 
Regulated Market of Euronext Brussels, unless specified otherwise in 
the applicable Final Terms. The regulated market of Euronext 
Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Obligations 
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer alone and will not be 
guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any other entity. The Notes 
will not be obligations of or guaranteed by BNP Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV, its affiliates or any other party named in the Base Prospectus 
(other than the Issuer). 
Benchmarks 
Interest payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by 
reference to EURIBOR as administered by the European Money 
Markets Institute (EMMI). At the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
European Money Markets Institute appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) in accordance 
with article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"). Condition 4.2(e) contains provisions allowing the 
Calculation Agent to determine EURIBOR in case of temporary 
disruptions of the publication of EURIBOR, and Condition 15.2(c) 
contains provisions allowing a permanent replacement of EURIBOR 
in case of a long-term disruption, replacement or cessation of 
EURIBOR, and certain other cases, subject to the terms and 
conditions set out therein. 
EU 
Risk 
Retention 
Requirements 
The Seller has undertaken to retain a material net economic interest 
of not less than 5% in the Notes in accordance with Article 405, 
paragraph (1) sub-paragraph (d) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (the "Capital 
Requirements Regulation" or "CRR") and Article 51 paragraph (1) 
sub-paragraph (d) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
231/2013 of 19 December 2012 supplementing Directive 2011/61/EU 
(the "AIFM Regulation") (until the Programme and the Notes 
becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation) or Article 6 of the 
Securitisation Regulation (as from the Programme and the Notes 
becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation). As at the Closing

--- Page 9 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
9 
Date, such interest was (and will until the Programme and the Notes 
becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation continue to be) in 
accordance with Article 405, paragraph (1) sub-paragraph (d) of the 
CRR and Article 51 paragraph (1) sub-paragraph (d) of the AIFM 
Regulation be comprised of an interest in the first loss tranche, and, if 
necessary, other tranches having the same or a more severe risk 
profile than those sold to the investors (and it is expected that, as from 
the Programme and the Notes becoming subject to the Securitisation 
Regulation, the same will apply in accordance with Article 6(3)(d) of 
the Securitisation Regulation). 
Volcker Rule 
The Issuer is of the view that it is not now, and immediately following 
the issuance of any further Notes under the Programme and the 
application of the proceeds thereof it will not be, a "covered fund" as 
defined in the regulations adopted under Section 13 of the Bank 
Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, commonly known as the 
"Volcker Rule". Although other exclusions and exemptions under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment 
Company Act") and under the Volcker Rule and related regulations 
may be available to the Issuer, the Issuer has relied on determinations 
that (i) it may rely on the exemption from registration as an 
"investment company" under the Investment Company Act provided 
by Rule 3a-7 thereunder and (ii) it does not rely on Section 3(c)(1) or 
Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act for its exemption 
from registration under the Investment Company Act and, 
accordingly, the Issuer may rely on the exemption from the definition 
of a "covered fund" under the Volcker Rule made available to entities 
that do not rely solely on Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) for their 
exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act. 
U.S. Retention Undertaking 
The issuance of the Notes was not designed to comply with 
Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk retention 
requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 
1934 (the "U.S. Risk Retention Rules") other than the exemption 
under Section 246.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and no other 
steps have been taken by the Issuer, the Seller, the Arranger or the 
Dealer or any of their affiliates or any other party to accomplish such 
compliance.

--- Page 10 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
10 
TRANSACTION PARTIES 
Party 
 Name 
 Address 
 Further 
information 
Arranger ................   BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
 Rue 
Montagne 
du 
Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
 N/A 
Dealer .....................   BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
 Rue 
Montagne 
du 
Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
 Additional 
Dealers may be 
appointed 
or 
removed from 
time to time. 
See 
"Subscription 
and sale" on 
page 203. 
Issuer ......................   Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA 
(Institutionele 
vennootschap 
voor 
belegging 
in 
schuldvorderingen 
naar 
Belgisch 
recht 
/ 
société 
d'investissement en créances 
institutionnelle de droit Belge)  
 Marnixlaan 23, 5th 
floor, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
 See 
"The 
Issuer" on page 
221. 
Issuer Director .......   Intertrust (Belgium) NV/SA, 
represented by Christophe Tans 
Stichting 
Holding 
Esmée, 
represented by Irène Florescu. 
 Marnixlaan 23, 5th 
floor, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
 See 
"The 
Issuer" on page 
221. 
Holding ...................   Stichting Holding Esmée 
 Marnixlaan 23, 5th 
floor, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
 See 
"The 
Issuer" on page 
221. 
Holding Directors ..   Brecht Guldemont 
Irène Florescu 
Intertrust Financial Services BV 
represented by Christophe Tans 
  
 See 
"The 
Issuer" on page 
221. 
Seller .......................   BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
 Rue 
Montagne 
du 
Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
 See 
"BNP 
Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV" on page 
234. 
Pool Servicer ..........   BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
 Rue 
Montagne 
du 
Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
 See 
"BNP 
Paribas Fortis

--- Page 11 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
11 
SA/NV" on page 
234. 
Originator ..............   BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV or 
any subsidiary or predecessor 
thereof (predecessors include 
Belgolaise 
NV/SA, 
ASLK 
Bank NV/SA. and Generale 
Bank). 
 Rue 
Montagne 
du 
Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
 See 
"BNP 
Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV" on page 
234. 
Administrator ........   Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. 
 Basisweg 10, 1043 AP 
Amsterdam, 
the 
Netherlands 
 See 
"Stichting 
Security Agent 
Esmée" on page 
238. 
Security Agent .......   Stichting Security Agent Esmée  Basisweg 10, 1043 AP 
Amsterdam, 
the 
Netherlands 
 See 
"Stichting 
Security Agent 
Esmée" on page 
238. 
Security 
Agent 
Director ..................  
 Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. 
 Basisweg 10, 1043 AP 
Amsterdam, 
the 
Netherlands 
 See 
"Stichting 
Security Agent 
Esmée" on page 
238. 
GIC Provider .........   BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV  
 Rue 
Montagne 
du 
Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
 See 
"BNP 
Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV" on page 
234. 
Interest 
Swap 
Counterparty .........  
 BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
 Rue 
Montagne 
du 
Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
 See 
"BNP 
Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV" on page 
234. 
Domiciliary Agent 
and 
Reference 
Agent ......................  
 BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
 Rue 
Montagne 
du 
Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
 See 
"BNP 
Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV" on page 
234. 
Listing Agent .........   BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
 Rue 
Montagne 
du 
Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium 
 See 
"BNP 
Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV" on page 
234. 
Auditor ...................   PwC Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
 Culliganlaan 5, 1831 
Diegem 
 See 
sub-
heading 
"Auditors" 
under 
"The 
Issuer" on page 
231.

--- Page 12 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
12 
Stock Exchange  
 Euronext Brussels (Regulated 
Market) 
 Rue du Marquis 1, bte 
1, 1000 Brussels  
 N/A 
Clearing System 
 National Bank of Belgium 
(Securities Settlement System) 
 Boulevard 
de 
Berlaimont 14, 1000 
Brussels  
 N/A 
Rating Agencies 
 Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
Succursale française 
 28 
avenue 
Victor 
Hugo, 75116 Paris, 
France 
 N/A 
 
 Moody's Deutschland GmbH 
 An der Welle 5, 60322 
Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany 
 N/A

--- Page 13 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
13 
SME LOANS, SALE AND SERVICING 
Please refer to the sections "Description of SME Loans", "Sale of the SME Loans" and "SME Loan 
underwriting and servicing" for further detail in respect of the characteristics of the SME Loans and 
the sale and the servicing arrangements in respect of the SME Loans. 
Sale of SME Receivables 
The SME Loans portfolio consists and will consist of the SME 
Receivables, which include any right of the Seller against any 
Borrower under or in connection with any SME Loan, as such right 
has been purchased or is to be purchased, in each case subject to and 
in accordance with the terms of the SME Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
Under the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement the Seller is entitled 
to sell and assign and the Issuer is obliged to purchase and accept 
assignment of SME Receivables that satisfy the Eligibility Criteria on 
any Business Day before the end of the revolving period, to the extent 
offered to it, up to the Purchase Available Amount. 
See "Sale of the SME Loans" on page 97 for more information. 
Features of SME Loans  
The following is a summary of certain features of the SME Loans. 
Investors should refer to, and carefully consider, further details in 
respect of the SME Loans set out in "Description of SME Loans" on 
page 64. 
Security: 
The SME Loans may be secured 
by collateral, including (non-
exhaustive 
list): 
mortgage, 
mortgage mandate, pledge on 
business, pledge on cash or 
securities, or a shareholder 
guarantee. For long term credits 
it is a rule to ask for collateral. 
Governing law: 
Belgian law 
Types of loans: 
• 
Investment Credit 
• 
Instalment Credit 
• 
Social 
and 
Fiscal 
Instalment Credit 
Performing : 
The 
SME 
Loans 
have 
characteristics that demonstrate 
the capacity to produce funds to 
service payments under the 
Notes

--- Page 14 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
14 
Single advance: 
An SME Loan may consist of a 
single 
advance 
under 
a 
revolving Credit Facility 
Consideration  
Consideration payable by the Issuer in respect of each sale of SME 
Receivables consists of the Initial Purchase Price and the sum of all 
relevant Deferred Purchase Price Instalments. 
Representations and 
Warranties 
In addition to representations and warranties in respect of the legal 
nature of the SME Loans and their Related Security (e.g. the valid, 
binding and enforceable nature of the relevant SME Loan and the 
Related Security), the Seller make certain representations and 
warranties on the relevant Purchase Date, including representations 
and warranties relating to the following subject matters: 
• 
the SME Receivables being free from third-party rights;  
• 
the SME Loans have been duly and validly performed;  
• 
the proceeds of each SME Loan, having been fully disbursed; 
• 
the Seller has not entered into any agreement, which would 
have the effect of subordinating the right to the payment of 
any of the SME Loans to any other indebtedness or other 
obligations of the Borrower thereof; 
• 
the Seller has not taken any action in selecting the SME Loans 
which, to the Seller's knowledge, would result in 
delinquencies or losses on the SME Loans being materially in 
excess of the average delinquencies or losses on the Seller's 
total portfolio of loans of the same type; 
• 
on the relevant Purchase Date, the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the SME Receivables related to a Borrower is not 
more than 0.5% of the Outstanding Principal Amount of all 
SME Receivables;  
• 
no SME Receivable has a remaining maturity in excess of 30 
years; 
• 
the Borrower has made at least one payment in respect of the 
relevant Receivable. 
See Sale of the SME Loans - Representations and warranties on page 
100 for a full list of the representations and warranties under the SME 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Eligibility Criteria  
Only SME Receivables resulting from SME Loans which satisfy the 
Eligibility Criteria and the representations and warranties made by the 
Seller in the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement will be purchased 
by the Issuer.

--- Page 15 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
15 
See Sale of the SME Loans - "Eligibility Criteria" on page 105. 
Repurchase of the SME 
Receivables 
Under the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Seller will be 
obliged to repurchase and accept re-assignment of the Relevant SME 
Receivable: 
(i) 
if any of the representations and warranties given by the 
Seller in respect of such Relevant SME Receivable or the 
Relevant SME Loan on its Purchase Date is untrue or 
incorrect in any material respect, within thirty-five (35) 
days after the Seller has become aware or has been 
notified thereof, unless the matter has been remedied by 
the Seller; 
 
(ii) 
if the Seller agrees with a Borrower to amend the terms 
of the Relevant SME Loan as a result of which such SME 
Loan no longer meets certain criteria set forth in the 
relevant SME Receivables Purchase Agreement, within 
thirty-five (35) days following such amendment. 
Consideration for 
repurchase 
The purchase price in case of a repurchase by the Seller of SME 
Receivables in the events described under (i) above, will be equal to 
the aggregate principal sum (hoofdsom/principal) due by the relevant 
Borrower under the Relevant SME Receivable (the "Outstanding 
Principal Amount") together with interest and reasonable costs 
relating thereto (including any costs incurred by the Issuer in effecting 
and completing such purchase and assignment) accrued up to but 
excluding the date of purchase and assignment of the SME 
Receivable. 
The purchase price in case of a repurchase by the Seller of SME 
Receivables in the events described under (ii) above, will be equal to 
the Outstanding Principal Amount minus the Loan Loss Reserve 
related to the Relevant SME Receivable (and after the occurrence of 
a Realised Loss in respect of such SME Receivable, zero), together 
with interest and reasonable costs relating thereto (including any costs 
incurred by the Issuer in effecting and completing such purchase and 
assignment) accrued up to but excluding the date of purchase and 
assignment of the SME Receivable. 
Perfection 
Upon an Assignment Notification Event, the Seller shall, unless the 
Security Agent instructs the Seller otherwise, notify or ensure that the 
relevant Borrowers and any other relevant parties indicated by the 
Issuer and/or the Security Agent are notified of the assignment of the 
SME Receivables or, at its option, the Issuer shall be entitled to make 
such notifications itself. 
Servicing of the SME Loans The Pool Servicer will provide administration and management 
services to the Issuer on a day-to-day basis in relation to the SME 
Loans and the SME Receivables, including, without limitation, the 
collection of payments of principal, interest and other amounts in

--- Page 16 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
16 
respect of the SME Receivables and the transfer of such amounts on 
a monthly basis to the Issuer Collection Account. 
The appointment of the Pool Servicer may be terminated by the 
Security Agent or the Issuer (with the consent of the Security Agent) 
in certain circumstances, including events relating to the following 
matters: 
(a) payment default, 
(b) non-compliance with other covenants and obligations, and 
(c) insolvency. 
After termination of the appointment of the Pool Servicer, the 
Security Agent and the Issuer shall use their best efforts to appoint a 
substitute pool servicer. 
See "Information relating to the Programme Structure" on page 80, 
"Servicing of the SME Loans" on page 110 and "SME Loan 
underwriting and servicing" on page 69 for more information.

--- Page 17 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
17 
SUMMARY OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Please refer to section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Notes on page 117 for further detail in 
respect of the terms of the Notes. 
Form of Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Notes will be issued 
in the form of dematerialised notes. The Notes will be represented by 
book entries in the records of the Clearing System (ie. the X/N securities 
settlement system currently operated by the National Bank of Belgium). 
Currency 
The Notes may be issued in euro. 
Denominations 
All Notes will be issued in such denominations as set forth in the 
applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be EUR 250,000. 
Ranking 
The Notes of each Class of any Series are direct and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without any 
preference or priority among Notes of the same Class of any Series. 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes of any Class of any Series 
due and payable on a Note Payment Date will rank ahead of payments of 
interest and principal on the Notes of all lower-ranking Classes of any 
Series (in each case, due and payable on such Note Payment Date). 
The ranking of Classes of Notes of any Series is as follows: first, Class 
A Notes, then Class B Notes, then Class C Notes, then Class D Notes, 
then Class E Notes, then Class F Notes, then Class G Notes. 
See Condition 2 (Status, Priority and Security). 
Security for the Notes 
The Notes will be secured by a first ranking pledge granted by the Issuer 
to the Security Agent and the other Secured Parties over (i) the SME 
Receivables and the Related Security, (ii) over Issuer's rights under or in 
connection with the Relevant Documents to which it is a party and to the 
Issuer Accounts (the "Issuer Rights"). 
The amount payable to the Noteholders and to the other Secured Parties 
will be limited to the amounts available for such purpose which, inter 
alia, will consist of amounts recovered by the Security Agent on the SME 
Receivables, the balances standing to the credit of the Issuer Accounts 
and other amounts received or recovered by the Security Agent as 
creditor under the Parallel Debt or otherwise on behalf of the other 
Secured Parties. Payments to the Secured Parties will be made in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments upon Enforcement if an 
Enforcement Notice has been issued. 
All Notes issued under the Programme are secured by the entire pool of 
SME Receivables held by the Issuer. If new Notes will be issued such 
Notes will also be secured by the same pool of SME Receivables.  
Interest Provisions 
Each Note will accrue interest from its date of issuance at the applicable 
rate specified for that Series and Class, or Sub-class, which may be fixed

--- Page 18 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
18 
or floating as specified in the applicable Final Terms (subject to the 
possibility of Fixed Rates Notes switching to Floating Rate Notes as from 
the Step-Up Date as set out below). 
Interest on the Notes of a Series and Class will be payable (a) annually 
on the date indicated in the relevant Final Terms or (b) quarterly on the 
25th day of January, April, July and October or any other date indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms (or, in either case, if such day is not a Business 
Day (as defined below), the next succeeding Business Day) in each year 
(each such day being a "Note Payment Date").  
Please refer to Condition 4 (Interest) and the Final Terms for the relevant 
Tranche of Notes for the applicable interest provisions. 
Interest Switch/Step-up 
If on the relevant Step-up Date the Notes of a Series and Class or Sub-
class, as the case may be, have not been redeemed in full, (i) in the case 
of Floating Rate Notes, the applicable margin will increase as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and, (ii) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
the interest will switch to a floating rate of interest plus a margin as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms or will reset to a new fixed rate as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms, except as set out in Condition 4.1(d) 
(Interest following the Step-up Date) and Condition 4.2(d) (Interest 
following the Step-up Date) in case the Issuer notifies the Noteholders in 
time of redemption of the relevant Series and Class, or Sub-class of 
Notes. 
Interest Priority of 
Payments 
Prior to the delivery of an Enforcement Notice, the Issuer has to apply 
the Interest Available Amount on each Note Payment Date in accordance 
with the Interest Priority of Payments. The Issuer can pay the next 
creditor in line only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a 
higher order of priority have been made in full. 
The failure to pay interest on a Series and that default continuing for a 
period of fifteen (15) days will be an Event of Default. 
Issuance Test 
For each issuance of Notes certain conditions and tests will have to be 
fulfilled. Generally speaking, the available subordination for each Class 
of Notes to be issued should be equal to or greater than the required level 
of subordination for such Class of Notes. See Issuance Tests.  
Issue Price 
Notes will be issued at an issue price which is set out in the Final Terms.  
Repayment Test 
Repayment of principal on the Subordinated Notes of any Class is subject 
to fulfilment of, inter alia, the Repayment Test. Generally speaking, the 
Repayment Test provides that the Issuer may only repay a Series and 
Class or Sub-class of Notes if sufficient subordination is provided for the 
remaining Series and Classes of Notes by one or more lower ranking 
Classes of Notes.  
Structure of the Notes 
The Notes can be Pass-through Notes or Soft-bullet Notes, as specified 
in the Final Terms. Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event any Soft-
bullet Notes will become Pass-through Notes and all Pass-through Notes

--- Page 19 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
19 
will be subject to mandatory (partial) redemption on a sequential basis. 
This may have the result that the repayment of Notes may, depending on 
the type of Note, be accelerated or delayed. 
Pass-through of the 
Notes 
On each Note Payment Date the Issuer will be obliged to apply the funds 
available for this purpose towards (partial) redemption of Pass-through 
Notes prior to their respective Final Maturity Dates (i) if the Pro-rata 
Condition is satisfied, on a pro-rata basis among all Classes and Series of 
Pass-through Notes and (ii) if the Pro-rata Condition is not satisfied, on 
a sequential basis per Class of each Series of Pass-through Notes. See 
Condition 6.2. 
Soft-bullet Notes 
A soft-bullet Note will not be redeemable up to the relevant Step-up Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, except in certain circumstances 
as described in the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. On the 
relevant Step-up Date and on each Note Payment Date thereafter, the 
Issuer has the option to redeem the relevant Series and Class of Notes or 
Sub-class thereof, subject to the Repayment Test. Following the Step-up 
Date in relation to a Series and Class of Notes or Sub-class thereof, all 
Soft-bullet Notes of such Series and Class or Sub-class thereof, will 
switch to Pass-through Notes and will be subject to mandatory (partial) 
redemption. In the case of a Trigger Event, all Soft-bullet Notes of each 
Series will switch to Pass-through Notes and will be subject to mandatory 
(partial) redemption on a sequential basis. 
Regulatory Call Option 
of the Seller 
On any date the Seller has the option to repurchase all the SME 
Receivables (but not some only) upon the occurrence of a Regulatory 
Change relating to the Seller. 
The Issuer has undertaken in the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement 
to re-sell and re-assign all the SME Receivables to the Seller, or any third 
party appointed by the Seller at its sole discretion, in case the Seller 
exercises the Regulatory Call Option. The purchase price will be 
calculated as described in Sale of SME Receivables in Information 
relating to the Programme Structure below. If the Seller exercises the 
Regulatory Call Option, then the Issuer has the option to redeem the 
Notes by applying the proceeds of the sale of the SME Receivables 
towards redemption of the Notes subject to and in accordance with 
Condition 6.9 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) and Condition 9.2 
(Principal). 
No Tax Gross-up 
All payments of, or in respect of, principal of and interest on the Notes 
will be made without withholding of, or deduction for, or on account of 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatsoever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Belgium, any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges are required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer will make the required withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of

--- Page 20 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
20 
the Noteholders, as the case may be, and shall not pay any additional 
amounts to such Noteholders. 
Redemption 
The Notes are subject to the following optional or mandatory redemption 
events (as fully set out in Condition 6 (Redemption and cancellation)):  
• 
Mandatory redemption (pass-through etc.) – mandatory 
redemption in part or in full in accordance with Condition 6.2; 
• 
Optional redemption as from the Step-up Date – optional 
redemption of a Series and Class or Sub-Class of Notes, other 
than the Reserve Fund Notes of such Series, exercisable by the 
Issuer in whole but not in part on the date specified as the Step-
up Date for such Notes in the Final Terms and on any Note 
Payment Date for such Notes thereafter, in accordance with 
Condition 6.4; 
• 
Clean-up Call of a Series and Class or Sub-class – optional 
redemption of a Series and Class or Sub-Class of Notes, other 
than the Reserve Fund Notes, exercisable by the Issuer in whole 
but not in part at their Principal Amount Outstanding together 
with any accrued interest, on any Note Payment Date on which 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such 
Series and Class or Sub-class (other than the Reserve Fund 
Notes) is less than 10 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of such Series and Class or Sub-class of Notes as at 
the Issue Date of such Series and Class or Sub-class of Notes, in 
accordance with Condition 6.5; 
• 
Clean-up Call of the Programme – optional redemption of all of 
the Notes, but not some only, exercisable by the Issuer, at their 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding plus any accrued 
interest, in case (a) the percentage of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of all SME Receivables falls below 10 per cent. of the 
highest Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Receivables 
reached since the Programme Closing Date, or (b) of the 
occurrence of an Assignment Notification Event, in accordance 
with Condition 6.6; 
• 
Redemption of the Reserve Fund Notes 
The Reserve Fund Notes will not be redeemable up to the 
relevant Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
except in certain circumstances as described in the Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms. On the Maturity Date of a 
Reserve Fund Note, the Issuer is obliged to repay such Reserve 
Fund Note in full (except for any Reserve Fund Shortfall related 
to such Note), subject to the Repayment Test. If the Issuer fails 
to redeem such Reserve Fund Note in full (except for any 
Reserve Fund Shortfall related to such Note) on its Maturity 
Date, or after the occurrence of a Trigger Event, then on such

--- Page 21 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
21 
date and on each Note Payment Date thereafter, the Issuer shall 
apply items (q), (r) and (s) of the Interest Priority of Payments to 
redeem such Reserve Fund Note until redeemed in full. 
• 
Tax Call – optional redemption of the Notes exercisable by the 
Issuer in whole, at their Principal Amount Outstanding plus any 
accrued interest, for tax reasons, in accordance with Condition 
6.8; 
• 
Regulatory Call – optional redemption of the Notes exercisable 
by the Issuer in whole, at their Principal Amount Outstanding 
plus any accrued interest, for regulatory reasons, in accordance 
with Condition 6.9; 
• 
Redemption due to change of law – optional redemption of all 
(but not some only) of the Notes, exercisable by the Issuer on 
each date subject to and in accordance with the Conditions if 
there is a change in, or any amendment to the laws, regulations, 
decrees or guidelines of the Kingdom of Belgium or of any 
authority therein or thereof having legislative or regulatory 
powers or in the interpretation by a relevant authority or a court 
of, or in the administration of, such laws, regulations, decrees or 
guidelines after the Programme Closing Date which would or 
could affect the Issuer or the Noteholders in a materially adverse 
way, in accordance with Condition 6.10 
• 
Early redemption of Series-0 Notes – optional redemption 
exercisable by the holder of a Note of Series-0 in whole or in part 
to the extent that funds are available in the Principal Available 
Amount (for all Notes of Series-0 other than Reserve Fund 
Notes) or the Reserve Account (for Reserve Fund Notes of 
Series-0), in accordance with Condition 6.11. 
Effect of a Trigger Event Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, any Soft-bullet Notes will 
become Pass-through Notes and all Pass-through Notes will be subject to 
mandatory (partial) redemption on a sequential basis. This may have the 
result that the repayment of Notes may, depending on the type of Note, 
be accelerated or delayed. 
Events of Default 
As more fully set out in Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, the Events of Default broadly include (where 
relevant, subject to any applicable grace period): 
• 
a default in the payment on the due date of any amount due in 
respect of the Notes; 
• 
breach of any of the contractual obligations by the Issuer; 
• 
certain insolvency related events with respect to the Issuer; 
• 
any action being taken by any authority, court or tribunal, which 
results in the loss of the Issuer of its status as an "institutional

--- Page 22 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
22 
VBS" or which in the reasonable opinion of the Security Agent, 
after consultation with the Issuer and the Administrator, is very 
likely to result in the loss of such status and would adversely 
affect the Programme. 
Limited Recourse 
All Notes are and will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. The 
amount payable to the Noteholders and to the other Secured Parties will 
be limited to the amounts available for such purpose which, inter alia, 
will consist of amounts recovered by the Security Agent on the SME 
Receivables, the balances standing to the credit of the Issuer Accounts 
and other amounts received or recovered by the Security Agent on behalf 
of the Noteholders and the other Secured Parties. Payments to the 
Secured Parties will be made in accordance with the Priority of Payments 
upon Enforcement if an Enforcement Notice has been issued. 
In the event that the Security in respect of the Notes has been fully 
enforced and the proceeds of such enforcement, after payment of all other 
claims ranking under the Security Agent Agreement in priority to a Class 
of Notes are insufficient to pay in full all principal and interest and other 
amounts whatsoever due in respect of such Class of Notes, the 
Noteholders of the relevant Class of Notes shall have no further claim 
against the Issuer or the Security Agent in respect of any such unpaid 
amounts, which is described in more detail in Condition 9 (Subordination 
and limited recourse) of the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes of any Class become due and payable, the 
Security Agent may, at its discretion and without further notice, take such 
steps and/or institute such proceedings as it may think fit to enforce the 
terms of the Security Agent Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and the 
Notes, but it need not take any such proceedings unless (i) it shall have 
been directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of the 
highest ranking Class of Notes of all Series outstanding and (ii) it shall 
have been indemnified to its satisfaction. 
Non petition 
No Noteholder 
• 
may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Security 
Agent, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within 
a reasonable time and such failure is continuing; 
• 
may institute against, or join any person in instituting against, the 
Issuer any bankruptcy, winding-up, reorganisation, arrangement, 
insolvency or liquidation proceeding until the expiry of a period 
of at least one (1) year after the latest maturing Note is paid in 
full. 
Governing Law 
The Notes will be governed and construed in accordance with Belgian 
law. 
Transfer and holding 
restrictions 
The Notes offered by the Issuer may only be subscribed, purchased 
or held by investors that are Qualifying Investors and meet certain 
other conditions (see Subscription and Sale below). Furthermore

--- Page 23 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
23 
there are other selling restrictions in relation to the European 
Economic Area, Italy, France, the United Kingdom, the United 
States, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore and Switzerland (including, 
without limitation, restrictions relating to the issuance of Notes in 
bearer form) and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Series of Notes. 
See Subscription and Sale.

--- Page 24 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
24 
RIGHTS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
Convening a Meeting 
The meetings of Class A Noteholders and/or of Class B Noteholders 
and/or of Class C Noteholders and/or Class D Noteholders and/or 
Class E Noteholders and/or Class F Noteholders and/or Class G 
Noteholders of all Series or of one or more Series and Class, as the 
case may be, may be convened by the Security Agent as often as it 
reasonably considers desirable. 
Meetings of the Noteholders can be convened to consider matters 
relating to the Notes of one or more Series or Class of Notes by 
Noteholders holding no less than 10% of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of each such Series or Class. Noteholders can also 
participate in a Noteholders' meeting convened by the Issuer or the 
Security Agent to consider any matter affecting their interests. 
However, unless the Issuer has an obligation to take such action 
under the Relevant Documents, so long as no Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, the Noteholders are not entitled to 
instruct or direct the Issuer to take any actions, either directly or 
through the Security Agent, without the consent of the Issuer and, if 
applicable, certain other transaction parties. 
Following an Event of 
Default 
The Security Agent, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(in respect of all Series) of the Noteholders of the highest ranking 
Class of Notes outstanding (subject, in each case, to being 
indemnified to its satisfaction) shall give notice (an "Enforcement 
Notice") to the Issuer that the Notes are, and each Note shall 
become, immediately due and payable at their or its Principal 
Amount Outstanding, together with accrued interest, if an Event of 
Default occurs. Please also note Relationship between Classes of 
Noteholders below. 
Enforcement 
If so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of 
the highest ranking Class of Notes of all Series outstanding, the 
Security Agent has to, at any time after the Notes of any Class 
become due and payable, take such steps and/or institute such 
proceedings as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Security 
Agent Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and the Notes, provided 
that it shall have been indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Noteholders may proceed directly against the Issuer only if the 
Security Agent, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so 
within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
Noteholders Meeting 
provisions 
Notice Periods 
Initial 
Meeting: 
First notice: 21 to 14 days before the 
meeting

--- Page 25 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
25 
Second notice: at least 8 days after the 
first notice 
Adjourned 
Meeting: 
10 days (but can be reduced to at least 7 
days in urgent cases) 
Quorum  
Initial 
Meeting: 
For an Ordinary Resolution: one or more 
persons holding or representing at least 50 
per cent. of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Notes of such Series 
and Class or of such one or more Series 
of the same Class, or of such one or more 
Sub-classes  
For an Extraordinary Resolution (other 
than for a Basic Term Modification): 
two-thirds of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Notes of such Series 
and Class or of such one or more Series 
of the same Class, or of such one or more 
Sub-classes 
For an Extraordinary Resolution (for a 
Basic Term Modification): 75 per cent. 
of the Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Notes of such Series and Class or of 
such one or more Series of the same 
Class, or of such one or more Sub-
classes 
Adjourned 
Meeting: 
no quorum 
Required Majorities 
Resolution: 
absolute majority of the validly cast 
votes and in case the votes are equally 
divided the proposal shall be deemed to 
be rejected 
Extraordinary 
Resolution 
(other than for 
a Basic Term 
Modification): 
two-third majority of the validly cast 
votes 
Extraordinary 
Resolution (for 
a Basic Term 
Modification): 
75 per cent. majority of the validly cast 
votes

--- Page 26 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
26 
Written 
Resolution: 
Written Resolution has the same effect 
as an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Matters requiring 
Extraordinary Resolution 
Broadly speaking, the following matters require an Extraordinary 
Resolution. 
• 
Basic Terms Change; and 
• 
change to the Conditions or any provisions of the Relevant 
Documents. 
See Annex 2 (Provisions for meetings of Noteholders) to the 
Conditions for further information. 
Relationship between 
Classes of Noteholders 
An Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of Class A Notes shall 
be binding on the Class A Notes and on all other Classes of Notes. 
An Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of a certain Class of 
Notes can only bind such Class of Notes and the lower Classes of 
Notes. 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on all 
Noteholders of the relevant Class and relevant one or more Series, 
or of such one or more Sub-classes (whether or not they were present 
at the meeting at which such resolution was passed). 
A resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, 
• 
affects the interests of the holders of a Class of Notes of one 
Series only, shall be deemed to have been duly passed, if 
passed at a meeting of the Noteholders of such Class of that 
Series. 
• 
affects the interests of the holders of a Class of Notes of any 
two or more Series but does not give rise to a conflict of 
interest between the Noteholders of such Class of such two 
or more Series, shall be deemed to have been duly passed, if 
passed at a single meeting of the Noteholders of such Class 
of such two or more Series. 
• 
affects the interests of the holders of a Class of Notes of any 
two or more Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict 
of interest between the Noteholders of such Class of such 
two or more Series, shall be deemed to have been duly 
passed only, instead of being passed in a single meeting of 
such Noteholders, if passed at separate meetings of the 
Noteholders of such Class of such two or more Series. 
• 
affects the interests of the holders of one Sub-Class of a 
Class of Notes only, shall be deemed to have been duly 
passed, if passed at a meeting of the Noteholders of such 
Sub-Class of that Class.

--- Page 27 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
27 
• 
affects the interests of the holders of more than one Sub-
Class of Notes of the same Class but does not give rise to a 
conflict of interest between the Noteholders of such Sub-
Classes of Notes, shall be deemed to have been duly passed, 
if passed at a single meeting of the Noteholders of such Sub-
Classes of Notes. 
• 
affects the interests of the holders of more than one Sub-
Class of the same Class of Notes and gives or may give rise 
to a conflict of interest between the Noteholders of such 
Sub-Classes, shall be deemed to have been duly passed only, 
instead of being passed in a single meeting of such 
Noteholders, if passed at separate meetings of the 
Noteholders of such Sub-Classes of Notes. 
Seller as Noteholder 
The Issuer may issue Series-0 Notes directly to the Seller and/or any 
direct or indirect subsidiary of the Seller, and/or any entity of the 
group of the Seller. See "Issuance of Notes" in the Programme 
Agreement. 
Relationship between 
Noteholders and other 
Secured Creditors 
The Security Agent shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders and the other Secured Parties, provided that in case of 
a conflict of interest between the Secured Parties the Priority of 
Payments upon Enforcement determines which interest of which 
Secured Party prevails. See Condition 2.3. 
Provision of Information to 
the Noteholders 
Information in respect of the underlying SME Receivables will be 
provided to the investors on a quarterly basis in the Quarterly 
Investor Report and in accordance with the Securitisation 
Regulation, Directive 2013/50/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 22 October 2013 (the "Transparency Directive"). 
See Where more information can be found on page 241. 
Communication with 
Noteholders 
Noteholder meetings shall be held in Brussels at a place and at a time 
to be designated in the notice convening the meeting. The notice 
shall be given not less than fourteen (14) and not more than twenty-
one (21) calendar days before the meeting, excluding the date of 
publication of the notice and the date of the meeting. Notice shall be 
done by publication in English, Dutch and French on the relevant 
Bloomberg page. 
Notices specifying a Note Payment Date, an interest rate, an interest 
amount, a payment of principal (or absence thereof), a Principal 
Amount Outstanding or a Note Factor or relating generally to 
payment dates, payments of interest, repayments of principal and 
other relevant information with respect to the Notes shall be deemed 
to have been duly given if the information contained in such notice 
appears on the relevant page of Bloomberg or such other medium 
for the electronic display of data as may be approved by the Security

--- Page 28 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
28 
Agent and notified to the Noteholders at least two Business Days 
before a Payment Date.

--- Page 29 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
29 
CREDIT STRUCTURE AND CASHFLOW 
Issuer Collection Account 
The Issuer maintains the Issuer Collection Account with the GIC 
Provider. On each Collection Payment Date all amounts of interest 
and principal received under the SME Receivables are transferred 
by the Pool Servicer to the Issuer Collection Account in accordance 
with the Servicing Agreement. 
GIC Agreement  
The Issuer and the GIC Provider have entered into GIC Agreement 
under which the GIC Provider pays an agreed interest rate on the 
balance standing from time to time to the credit of the Issuer 
Accounts. 
Interest Swap Agreements 
The Issuer has entered into the Interest Swap Agreement to hedge 
the risk between the rates of interest received by the Issuer on the 
relevant SME Receivables and received on the Issuer Accounts and 
the rates of interest payable by the Issuer on the Notes. The Issuer 
may enter into further Interest Swaps. See Information relating to 
the Programme Structure - Interest Rate Hedging. 
Reserve Account 
The net proceeds of the Reserve Fund Notes will be credited to the 
Reserve Account held with the GIC Provider. The purpose of the 
Reserve Account will be to enable the Issuer to meet the Issuer's 
payment obligations under items (a) up to and including (o) in the 
Interest Priority of Payments in the event of a shortfall of the Interest 
Available Amount on a Note Payment Date, and to repay the 
Reserve Fund Notes. 
Summary of Interest Priority 
of Payment 
Below is a summary of the priority of payments with regard to the 
interest payments.  
Prior to the delivery of an Enforcement Notice  
The Issuer applies the Interest Available Amount on the 
immediately succeeding Note Payment Date as follows: 
1. 
the fees or other remuneration to the Directors and any costs 
incurred by the Security Agent; 
2. 
the fees and expenses to the Administrator and the Pool 
Servicer;  
3. 
any amounts due and payable to third parties under 
obligations incurred in the Issuer's business;  
4. 
amounts due but unpaid under the Interest Swap Agreement 
(except for the Interest Swap Counterparty Default 
Payment);  
5. 
interest due in respect of the Notes, as long as no shortfall 
is reflected in the Principal Deficiency Ledger of a higher 
ranked Class of Notes;

--- Page 30 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
30 
6. 
amounts to be deposited on the Reserve Account until the 
Reserve Account reaches the Reserve Account Target 
Level;  
7. 
amounts of principal due in respect of the Reserve Fund 
Notes in case not redeemed in full at their Maturity Date or 
after a Trigger Event; 
8. 
the Interest Swap Counterparty Default Payment; and  
9. 
Deferred Purchase Price Instalment to the Seller.  
See Information relating to the Programme Structure - 
Interest Priority of Payments.  
Following delivery of an Enforcement Notice  
See below Following delivery of an Enforcement Notice in 
Summary of Principal Priority of Payment. 
Summary of Principal 
Priority of Payment 
Below is a summary of the priority of payments with regard to the 
principal payments.  
Prior to a Trigger Event or Enforcement Notice  
The Issuer applies the Principal Available Amount on each Monthly 
Payment Date as follows:  
1. 
principal due under the Notes of Class A, Class B, Class C 
and Class D (if the Pro-Rata Condition is satisfied) and 
principal due under the Notes of Class A, Class B, Class C 
and Class D sequentially in that order for each Class until 
fully repaid (if the Pro-Rata Conditions is not satisfied);  
2. 
payment of (part of) the Initial Purchase Price in respect of 
New SME Receivables.  
See Information relating to the Programme Structure - 
Principal Priority of Payments prior to a Trigger Event.  
After a Trigger Event but before delivery of an Enforcement Notice  
The Issuer applies the Principal Available Amount on each Monthly 
Payment Date on a pro rata basis, principal due under the Notes of 
Class A, Class B, Class C and Class D (in that order), for each Class 
until fully repaid.  
See Information relating to the Programme Structure - Principal 
Priority of Payments after a Trigger Event.  
Following delivery of an Enforcement Notice

--- Page 31 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
31 
Any amounts payable by the Security Agent will be paid to the 
Secured Parties (including the Noteholders) in the following order 
of priority:  
1. 
fees or other remuneration due to the Directors, any cost 
incurred by the Security Agent, fees and expenses of the 
Domiciliary Agent and the Reference Agent, and fees and 
expenses of the Administrator and the Pool Servicer;  
2. 
amounts due under the Swap Agreements;  
3. 
amounts of interest, principal, and any other amount due in 
respect of the Notes, provided that Class A Noteholders are 
paid out first, followed by Class B Noteholders, followed 
by Class C Noteholders, followed by Class D Noteholders 
followed by Class E Noteholders, followed by the Class F 
Noteholders and followed by the Class G Noteholders;  
4. 
Interest Swap Counterparty Default Payments payable to 
the Swap Counterparties;  
5. 
Deferred Purchase Price Instalments to the Seller.  
See Information relating to the Programme Structure - 
Priority of Payments upon Enforcement.

--- Page 32 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
32 
TRIGGERS TABLES 
Transaction Party 
 
Required Ratings / Triggers 
 
Possible effects of Trigger 
being breached include: 
Seller ............................. 
 
the Seller's long term Issuer 
Default Rating ("IDR") by Fitch 
falls below BBB or such rating is 
withdrawn 
the credit rating of the Seller's 
long 
term, 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unguaranteed debt obligations by 
Moody's falls below Baa3 or 
such rating is withdrawn 
 
Assignment Notification Event 
Seller Collection 
Account Provider……. 
 
the rating of the short-term, 
unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations of 
the Seller Collection Account 
Provider falls below Prime-1 by 
Moody's or such rating is 
withdrawn 
the short-term IDR of the Seller 
Collection 
Account 
Provider 
falls below F1 by Fitch or such 
rating is withdrawn 
the long-term IDR of the Seller 
Collection 
Account 
Provider 
falls below A by Fitch or such 
rating is withdrawn 
 
Guarantee for payment of 
amounts received on Seller 
Collection Account relating to 
SME Receivables by a party 
having at least the required 
rating; or 
daily 
sweep 
into 
Issuer 
Collection Account; or  
any other actions to maintain 
the 
then 
current 
ratings 
assigned to the Notes at least at 
the Minimum Ratings or, if the 
then current ratings of the 
Notes are lower than the 
Minimum Ratings, to maintain 
the 
then 
current 
ratings 
assigned to the Notes 
Pool Servicer………….  
the Pool Servicer's long term 
IDR by Fitch falls below BBB- 
or such rating is withdrawn 
the credit rating of the Pool 
Servicer's long term, unsecured, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unguaranteed debt obligations by 
Moody's falls below Baa3 or 
such rating is withdrawn 
 
best efforts to promptly (i) 
appoint a back-up pool servicer 
which would be ready and able 
to assume the role as substitute 
pool servicer, and (ii) enter into 
an agreement with such back-
up pool servicer pursuant to 
which 
such 
back-up 
pool 
servicer agrees to receive from 
the Pool Servicer and maintain 
portfolio data via quarterly 
portfolio downloads, ensuring 
its capability to smoothly 
assume the Pool Servicer's role 
upon the occurrence of a

--- Page 33 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
33 
Termination Event and to 
transfer from Warm Back-Up 
Servicing into full servicing as 
substitute 
pool 
servicer 
substantially on the terms of 
this 
Agreement 
upon 
the 
occurrence of a Termination 
Event 
GIC Provider ............... 
 
the GIC Provider's long-term 
IDR 
(or 
deposit rating, 
if 
available) by Fitch falls below A 
or such rating is withdrawn 
the GIC Provider's short-term 
IDR 
(or 
deposit rating, 
if 
available) by Fitch falls below F1 
or such rating is withdrawn 
the credit rating of the GIC 
Provider's short term, unsecured, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unguaranteed debt obligations by 
Moody's falls below Prime 1 or 
such rating is withdrawn 
 
Obtain a third party to with the 
required ratings to guarantee 
the obligations of the GIC 
Provider 
Appoint 
a 
substitute 
GIC 
Provider with the required 
ratings 
Interest Swap 
Counterparty ............... 
 
the long-term IDR (or derivative 
counterparty rating, if available) 
of 
the 
Interest 
Swap 
Counterparty 
(or, 
if 
these 
obligations of the Interest Swap 
Counterparty are not rated by the 
Fitch, of the guarantor who 
guarantees the obligations of the 
Interest Swap Counterparty) falls 
below A by Fitch or, if the 
highest then current rating of any 
Class of Notes is lower than 
AAAsf, the rating as set out in 
the Interest Swap Agreement 
the short-term IDR (or derivative 
counterparty rating, if available) 
of 
the 
Interest 
Swap 
Counterparty 
(or, 
if 
these 
obligations of the Interest Swap 
Counterparty are not rated by the 
Fitch, of the guarantor who 
guarantees the obligations of the 
Interest Swap Counterparty) falls 
below F1 by Fitch, or, if the 
 
Termination of the Interest 
Swap Agreement  
Provision of collateral 
Transfer to another entity with 
the required ratings  
Procuring an entity with the 
required ratings as co-obligor 
under 
the 
Interest 
Swap 
Agreement

--- Page 34 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
34 
highest then current rating of any 
Class of Notes is lower than 
AAAsf, the rating as set out in 
the Interest Swap Agreement 
the rating of the long-term, 
unsecured and unsubordinated 
debt obligations of the Interest 
Swap Counterparty falls below 
A2 by Moody’s (or, if it is not 
subject to a short term rating, 
falls below A1 by Moody’s) or 
such rating is withdrawn 
the rating of the short-term, 
unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations of 
the Interest Swap Counterparty 
falls below Prime-1 by Moody’s 
or such rating is withdrawn 
Eligible Investments .... 
 
The 
"Eligible 
Investments 
Minimum Ratings" means in 
respect of securities (i) a rating of 
(a) Aaa and Prime-1 by Moody's 
in case of a remaining tenor 
longer than six (6) months or (b) 
Aa3 and Prime-1 by Moody's in 
case of a remaining tenor less 
than six (6) months but longer 
than three (3) months or (c) A1 
and Prime-1 by Moody's in case 
of a remaining tenor less than 
three (3) months but longer than 
one (1) month or (d) A2 or 
Prime-1 by Moody's in case of a 
remaining tenor less than one (1) 
month and (ii) a rating of (a) 
AAA by Fitch in case of a 
remaining tenor longer than one 
year or (b) F1+ by Fitch in case 
of a remaining tenor less than one 
year but longer than thirty (30) 
days or (c) F1 by Fitch in case of 
a remaining tenor less than thirty 
(30) days.

--- Page 35 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
35 
Non-Asset Trigger Events 
Non-Asset Trigger Events relate primarily (but not exclusively) to events associated with the 
Seller/Servicer. 
Name of Trigger 
 
Description of Trigger 
 
Consequence of Trigger 
Assignment 
Notification Event ....  
 
(a) 
a default is made by the Seller in the 
payment on the due date of any amount 
due and payable by it under the SME 
Receivables Purchase Agreement or 
under any Relevant Document to 
which it is a party and such failure is 
not remedied within ten (10) Business 
Days after notice thereof has been 
given by the Issuer or the Security 
Agent to such Seller; or 
(b) 
the Seller fails duly to perform or 
comply with any of its obligations 
under the SME Receivables Purchase 
Agreement 
or 
under 
any 
other 
Relevant Document to which it is a 
party and if such failure, capable of 
being remedied, is not remedied within 
ten (10) Business Days after having 
knowledge of such failure or notice 
thereof has been given by such Issuer 
or the Security Agent to such Seller; or 
(c) 
any 
representation, 
warranty 
or 
statement made or deemed to be made 
by the Seller in the SME Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, other than the 
representations and warranties made in 
respect of the Relevant SME Loans 
and the Relevant SME Receivables 
(which 
the 
Seller 
consequently 
repurchases), or under any of the other 
Relevant Documents to which it is a 
party or if any notice or other 
document, certificate or statement 
delivered by it pursuant hereto proves 
to have been, and continues to be after 
the expiration of any applicable grace 
period provided for in any Relevant 
Document, untrue or incorrect in any 
material respect; or 
(d) 
the Seller takes any corporate action or 
other steps are taken 
or 
legal 
 
The Seller shall, unless the 
Security Agent instructs 
the Seller otherwise (in 
which case it shall notify 
the Rating Agencies in 
advance of its instruction 
to do so), forthwith notify 
or ensure that the relevant 
Borrowers and any other 
relevant parties indicated 
by the Issuer and/or the 
Security 
Agent 
are 
forthwith notified of the 
assignment of the SME 
Receivables 
or, 
at 
its 
option, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to make such 
notifications itself

--- Page 36 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
36 
proceedings are started or threatened 
against 
it 
for 
its 
dissolution 
(ontbinding/dissolution) 
and 
liquidation (vereffening/liquidation) or 
any of its assets are placed under 
administration 
(onder 
bewind 
gesteld/placé sous administration); or 
(e) 
the Seller has taken any corporate 
action or any steps have been taken or 
legal proceedings have been instituted 
or threatened against it for its entering 
into 
reorganisation 
measures 
(saneringsmaatregel/mesure 
d'assainissement) as referred to in 
Article 3, 56° of the law of 25 April 
2014 on the status and supervision of 
credit institutions and stockbroking 
firms 
("Credit 
Institutions 
Supervision Act"), as amended from 
time to time, or for bankruptcy or for 
any analogous insolvency proceedings 
under any applicable law or for the 
appointment of a receiver or a similar 
officer of it or of any or all of its assets; 
or 
(f) 
at any time it becomes unlawful for the 
Seller to perform all or a material part 
of its obligations hereunder or under 
any Relevant Document to which it is 
a party; or 
(g) 
the 
Seller 
has 
given 
materially 
incorrect information or not given 
material 
information 
which 
was 
essential for the Issuer and the Security 
Agent in connection with the entering 
into the SME Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and/or any of the Relevant 
Documents; or 
(h) 
a Pledge Notification Event occurs; or 
(i) 
(a) a Seller Collection Account 
Provider Rating Downgrade Event has 
occurred and (b) (i) the Seller (1) has 
not opened an escrow account in the 
name of the Issuer, for its own account, 
with a party having at least the Seller 
Collection Account Provider Required

--- Page 37 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
37 
Rating, and (2) has not transferred to 
the escrow account within fourteen 
(14) 
calendar 
days 
after 
such 
downgrade, an amount equal to the 
sum of (A) the amount held on the 
Seller Collection Accounts and (B) an 
amount 
equivalent 
to 
the 
next 
instalment payable under the SME 
Loans of the Borrowers and (ii) the 
Seller has not found and complied with 
any other solution to maintain the 
ratings assigned to the Notes at least at 
the Minimum Ratings of the Notes or, 
if the ratings of the Notes are below the 
Minimum Ratings of the Notes, to 
maintain the then current ratings 
assigned to the Notes, within ten (10) 
calendar days after such downgrade; or 
(j) 
the Seller's long term IDR falls below 
BBB by Fitch or such rating is 
withdrawn; or 
(k) 
the credit rating of the Seller's long 
term, unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations falls 
below Baa3 by Moody's or such rating 
is withdrawn 
Pledge Notification 
Event .........................  
 
(a) 
an Assignment Notification Event as 
referred to under clause 8.1 of the SME 
Receivables Purchase Agreement has 
occurred; or 
(b) 
an Event of Default as referred to under 
Condition 10 has occurred; or 
(c) 
the Security Agent is so required by an 
order of any court or supervisory 
authority; or 
(d) 
whether by reason of a change in law 
or case law or for any other reason, the 
Security Agent reasonably considers it 
necessary to protect the interests of the 
Secured Parties in the Pledged Assets 
and/or under this Agreement 
 
Notice to the Borrower or 
obligors of Loan Security 
of the Pledge  
Security Agent 
Termination Event ....  
 
(a) 
an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the dissolution 
(ontbinding/dissolution) 
of 
the 
Security Agent except a dissolution 
 
The Issuer may by notice in 
writing 
terminate 
the 
powers delegated to the 
Security Agent under the

--- Page 38 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
38 
(ontbinding/dissolution) 
for 
the 
purpose of a merger where the Security 
Agent remains solvent; or 
(b) 
the Security Agent ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on its business or a 
substantial part of its business or stops 
payment or threatens to stop payment 
of its debts or becomes unable to pay 
its debts as they fall due or the value of 
its assets falls to less than the amount 
of its liabilities (taking into account for 
both these purposes its contingent and 
prospective liabilities) or otherwise 
becomes insolvent; or 
(c) 
the Security Agent defaults in the 
performance or observance of any of 
its material covenants and obligations 
under the Security Agent Agreement 
or any other Relevant Document and 
(except where such default is incapable 
of remedy, when no such continuation 
and/or notice shall be required) such 
default continues unremedied for a 
period of thirty (30) Business Days 
after the earlier of the Security Agent 
becoming aware of such default and 
receipt by the Security Agent of 
written notice from the Issuer requiring 
the same to be remedied; or 
(d) 
the Security Agent becomes subject to 
any bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), 
judicial reorganisation (gerechtelijke 
reorganisatie/réorganisation 
judiciaire) 
or 
other 
insolvency 
proceeding under applicable laws; or 
(e) 
the Security Agent is rendered unable 
to perform its material obligations 
under the Security Agent Agreement 
for a period of twenty (20) Business 
Days by circumstances beyond its 
reasonable control or force majeure; 
Security Agent Agreement 
and 
the 
Relevant 
Documents 
with 
effect 
from a date (not earlier 
than the date of the notice) 
specified in the notice and 
appoint 
a 
substitute 
security agent selected by 
the Issuer which shall act 
as security agent until a 
new 
security 
agent 
is 
appointed by the general 
meeting of Noteholders 
which shall promptly be 
convened by the Issuer. 
Servicer Termination 
Event .........................  
 
(a) 
a default is made by the Pool Servicer 
and/or the Administrator in the 
payment on the due date of any 
payment due and payable by either of 
them under this Agreement and such 
 
The Security Agent or the 
Issuer may at once or at any 
time thereafter while such 
default continues by notice 
in writing to the Pool

--- Page 39 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
39 
default continues unremedied for a 
period of fourteen (14) days after the 
earlier (i) of the Pool Servicer and/or 
the Administrator becoming aware of 
such default and (ii) receipt by the Pool 
Servicer and/or the Administrator of 
written notice by the Security Agent 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(b) 
a default is made by the Pool Servicer 
and/or the Administrator in the 
performance or observance of any of 
its other covenants and obligations 
under this Agreement, which in the 
opinion of the Security Agent is 
materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Issuer and/or the holders of any 
Class of Notes and (except where, in 
the reasonable opinion of the Security 
Agent, such default is incapable of 
remedy, when no such continuation 
and/or 
notice 
as 
is 
hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) such 
default continues unremedied for a 
period of fourteen (14) days after the 
earlier of (i) the Pool Servicer and/or 
the Administrator becoming aware of 
such default and (ii) receipt by the Pool 
Servicer and/or the Administrator of 
written notice from the Security Agent 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
the 
Pool 
Servicer 
or 
the 
Administration, acting through its 
board of directors or any of its directors 
having such authority, takes any 
corporate action or other steps are 
taken or legal proceedings are started 
or threatened against it for its 
dissolution 
(ontbinding/dissolution) 
and 
liquidation 
(vereffening/liquidation); or 
(d) 
the Pool Servicer or the Administrator, 
acting through its board of directors or 
any of its directors having such 
authority, has taken any corporate 
action or any steps have been taken or 
legal proceedings have been instituted 
or threatened against it for its entering 
into 
reorganisation 
measures 
Servicer and/or, as the case 
may be, the Administrator 
terminate the Servicing 
Agreement 
with 
effect 
from a date (not earlier 
than the date of the notice) 
specified in the notice. In 
the case of bankruptcy, 
termination 
will 
be 
automatic 
with 
the 
obligation for the Pool 
Servicer 
to 
continue 
properly performing the 
services until a substitute 
has replaced the Pool 
Servicer.

--- Page 40 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
40 
(saneringsmaatregel/mesure 
d'assainissement) as referred to in 
Article 3, 56° of the Credit Institutions 
Supervision Act as amended from time 
to time, or for bankruptcy or for any 
analogous 
insolvency 
proceedings 
under any applicable law or for the 
appointment of a receiver or a similar 
officer of it or of any or all of its assets; 
or  
(e) 
at any time it becomes unlawful for the 
Pool Servicer or Administrator to 
perform all or a material part of its 
obligations hereunder 
Trigger Event ............   
(a) 
an amount is debited to the Class A 
Principal Deficiency Ledger;  
(b) 
the Seller takes any corporate action or 
other steps are taken 
or 
legal 
proceedings are started or threatened 
against it for its dissolution and 
liquidation or any of its assets are 
placed under administration;  
(c) 
the Seller has taken any corporate 
action or any steps have been taken or 
legal 
proceedings 
have 
been 
commenced against it for the entering 
into suspension of payments, or if 
applicable, reorganisation measures or 
for bankruptcy or for any analogous 
insolvency proceedings under any 
applicable law or for the appointment 
of a receiver or a similar officer of it or 
of any or all of its assets;  
(d) 
the appointment of the Pool Servicer is 
terminated in accordance with the 
Servicing Agreement and no substitute 
pool servicer is appointed and enters 
into an agreement with the Issuer and 
the Security Agent substantially on the 
terms of the Servicing Agreement 
within sixty (60) calendar days 
following such termination;  
(e) 
on a given Note Payment Date, after 
application 
of 
the 
Pass-through 
Principal 
Available 
Amount 
in 
 
Soft-bullet 
Notes 
will 
become 
Pass-through 
Notes and all Pass-through 
Notes will be subject to 
mandatory 
(partial) 
redemption on a sequential 
basis.  
The Issuer may no longer 
purchase 
New 
SME 
Receivables 
The Issuer may not issue 
new Notes.  
Holders of Notes of Series-
0 may no longer request the 
Issuer to redeem such 
Notes early

--- Page 41 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
41 
accordance with the Principal Priority 
of Payments, an amount remains 
standing to the credit of the Issuer 
Collection Account which is in excess 
of an amount equal to 10 per cent of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Soft-bullet Notes, other than the 
Reserve Fund Notes, on such Note 
Payment Date, and if such an excess 
amount 
has 
been 
continuously 
outstanding on the Issuer Collection 
Account for at least six (6) months 
prior to the relevant Note Payment 
Date; or 
(f) 
more than 2 per cent. of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
SME Loans is in arrears for more than 
90 days. 
Pro-rata Condition ....   
(a) 
the amount standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Account is at least equal to the 
Reserve Account Target Level after 
application of the Interest Priority of 
Payments,; 
(b) 
if in respect of a Series and Class or, if 
applicable, Sub-class of Notes, other 
than the Reserve Fund Notes, a Step-
up Date has occurred, all Notes to 
which such Step-up Date relates are 
redeemed in full subject to Condition 
9.2(b); 
(c) 
if, in respect of a Series and Class or, if 
applicable, Sub-class of Reserve Fund 
Notes, a Maturity Date has occurred, 
all Notes to which such Maturity Date 
relates are redeemed in full subject to 
Condition  
 
If the Pro-rata Condition is 
satisfied, on each Note 
Payment Date, the Issuer 
will apply the Pass-through 
Principal 
Available 
Amount in respect of each 
Class of Notes to redeem 
(or partially redeem) the 
Pass-through Notes of that 
Class of Notes (of any 
Series), other than Reserve 
Fund Notes, on a pro rata 
basis within each Class 
(irrespective 
of 
their 
Series) 
If the Pro-rata Condition is 
not satisfied, the Pass-
through 
Principal 
Available Amount will be 
applied to redeem the Pass-
through 
Notes 
on 
a 
sequential basis.

--- Page 42 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
42 
Asset-Trigger Events 
Name of Trigger 
 
Description of Trigger 
 
Consequence of Trigger 
Principal Deficiencies .... 
 
the aggregate amount standing to 
the credit of the Principal 
Deficiency Ledger of a Class is 
positive on the previous Note 
Payment Date or, if the Issue 
Date is a Note Payment Date, on 
the Issue Date 
the aggregate amount standing to 
the credit of the Principal 
Deficiency Ledgers is positive on 
the Note Payment Date 
 
The Issuance Test is not 
fulfilled so that no new Notes 
of the Class can be issued.  
 
 
The principal amount payable 
on 
redemption, 
including 
mandatory 
redemption 
in 
accordance with and subject to 
Condition 
6.2 
(Mandatory 
redemption) in respect of each 
Note of that Class on such Note 
Payment Date shall not exceed 
its 
Principal 
Amount 
Outstanding less the Principal 
Shortfall in respect of that Note 
on such Note Payment Date

--- Page 43 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
43 
FEES 
Type of Fee 
 
Amount of Fee 
 
Priority in Cashflow 
 
Frequency 
Servicing Fees .......   
0.055 per cent. per 
annum 
calculated 
over the aggregate 
Outstanding 
Principal Amount of 
all SME Receivables 
 
Before the Notes 
 
Annually 
Administrator Fee ..   
EUR 20,000 excl. 
VAT, which starting 
on the first Note 
Payment Date falling 
in 2011, is increased 
with 
a 
percentage 
equal 
to 
the 
Consumer 
Price 
Index 
(Geharmoniseerd 
indexcijfer 
der 
consumptieprijzen) 
 
Before the Notes 
 
Annually 
Security Agent Fee   
EUR 
5,000 
excl. 
VAT 
 
Before the Notes 
 
Annually 
Rating Agencies, 
Auditors, National 
Bank of Belgium, 
FSMA, and other 
regular costs and 
expenses of the 
Issuer…………….. 
 
Estimated at EUR 
100,000 per year 
 
Before the Notes 
 
Annually

--- Page 44 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
44 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and are 
material for taking an informed investment decision with respect to the Notes. If you are considering 
purchasing a series and class of notes to be issued by the Issuer, you should carefully read and consider 
all the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms, including the 
risk factors set out in this section, prior to making any investment decision. The first risk factors 
described in each category below are the risk factors that the Issuer deems most material, taking into 
account the negative impact on the Issuer and the Notes, and the probability of their occurrence. 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual 
results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of 
certain factors, including the risks described below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any of the risks described below or additional risks not currently known to the Issuer could have a 
significant or material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, operations or prospects of the 
Issuer and could result in a corresponding decline in the value of the Notes or the temporary or 
permanent inability of the Issuer to repay the Notes or pay interests or other amounts due to the 
Noteholders. As a result of any inability of the issuer to make payments, investors could lose all or a 
substantial part of their investment. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The Issuer has limited resources available to it to make payments on the Notes 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in full to pay principal and interest on the Notes will be 
dependent on the receipt by it of funds under the SME Receivables, the receipt by it of payments under 
any Interest Swap Agreement and the receipt by it of interest in respect of the balance standing to the 
credit of the Issuer Accounts. In addition, the Issuer will have available to it the balances standing to the 
credit of the Reserve Account. See further Information relating to the Programme Structure. 
Other than the foregoing, the Issuer will not have any sources of funds available to meet its obligations 
under the Notes and/or any other payments ranking in priority to the Notes. The activities of the Issuer 
are restricted and the Issuer will not be able to develop other activities or change its operating model. If 
the resources described above are insufficient, any such insufficiency will be borne by the Noteholders 
and the other Secured Parties subject to the applicable Priority of Payments, without any further recourse 
against the Issuer or any other person. 
The Issuer is highly dependent on BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and other third parties to comply 
with its obligations under the Notes and the Relevant Documents 
The ability of the Issuer to duly perform its obligations under the Notes will depend to a large extent on 
the due performance by other transaction parties of their obligations and duties under the Relevant 
Documents. The Issuer will in particular be dependent on BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as GIC Provider, 
Pool Servicer, Interest Swap Counterparty, Domiciliary Agent, Reference Agent and Listing Agent. As 
a result, the Issuer is also exposed to BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV's operational risk, including the risk of 
loss resulting from failed or inadequate internal processes (particularly those involving personnel and 
information systems) or external events, whether deliberate, accidental or natural (floods, fires, 
earthquakes, terrorist attacks). This risk is mitigated by provisions requiring the replacement of BNP 
Paribas Fortis SA/NV in some of those capacities in case of certain triggers (such as rating triggers), but 
there can be no assurance that a replacement service provider will be found in time or at all, or under 
the same conditions.

--- Page 45 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
45 
The Issuer may issue further Tranches or new Series of Notes without the consent of existing 
Noteholders, and such Notes may have more favourable terms than existing Notes, may affect the 
risk and redemption profile of existing Notes, and may lead to dilution of existing Noteholders 
The Issuer may issue further Notes from time to time, subject to only limited restrictions (see Issuance 
Tests). New Notes may be issued without notice to existing Noteholders and without their consent, and 
may have different terms from outstanding Notes. A wide range of Notes may be issued under the 
Programme, which may be complex to understand. 
The issuance of new Notes could adversely affect the timing and amount of payments on outstanding 
Notes. For example, if Notes of the same Class as existing Notes are issued and have a higher interest 
rate than the existing Notes, this could result in a reduction in the available funds used to pay interest on 
the existing Notes.  
Insolvency of the Issuer  
The Issuer has been incorporated in Belgium under the laws of Belgium as a commercial company and 
is subject to Belgian insolvency legislation. There can be no legal assurance that the Issuer will not be 
declared insolvent. However, limitations on the corporate purpose of the Issuer are included in the 
articles of association, so that its activities are limited to the issue of negotiable financial instruments 
for the purpose of acquiring receivables. Outside the framework of the activities mentioned above, the 
Issuer is not allowed to hold any assets, enter into any agreements or carry out any other activities. The 
Issuer may carry out the commercial and financial transactions and may grant security to secure its own 
obligations or to secure obligations under the Notes or the other Relevant Documents, to the extent only 
that they are necessary to realise the corporate purposes as described above.

--- Page 46 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
46 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE SME LOANS 
Defaults on the SME Receivables may affect the Issuer's ability to make principal and interest 
payments on the Notes 
Payments on the SME Receivables are subject to credit risk, interest rate risk and liquidity risk. This 
may be due to, among other things, market interest rates, general economic conditions, the financial 
standing of Borrowers and similar factors.  
The economic context in general has become much more difficult in recent months: the changed 
monetary policy by the ECB, the supply chain problems which are not getting any better due to the 
strong slowdown in China, the war in Ukraine and rising inflation (resulting inter alia from high energy 
prices), have lowered consumer confidence and economic outlooks. In that context, the creditworthiness 
of SME borrowers and their ability to repay the SME Loans may be adversely impacted. The ultimate 
effect of this could be to delay or reduce the payments on the Notes or to increase the rate of repayment 
of the Notes. 
The Issuer is subject to concentration risk 
As the Issuer exclusively invests in Belgian SME Receivables, the Issuer is exposed to concentration 
risk. The Issuer may be susceptible to an increased risk of loss, including losses due to adverse events 
that affect the Issuer's investments more than the market as a whole, to the extent that the Issuer’s 
investments are concentrated in, inter alia, country, group of countries, region, market, industry, group 
of industries, sector, market segment or asset class. 
However, these risks are spread over a large number of individual loans and over various geographical 
areas. The Belgian market is relatively stable. Interest rate increases and other factors, such as relevant 
personal factors (e.g. illness), may lead to losses of outstanding SME Receivables.  
Further, the risk that the above factors could put the Issuer at risk of not meeting its obligations are 
hedged, inter alia, through the subordination of payment priority of part of the purchase price of the 
SME Receivables and to some extent an application of an excess spread mechanism in the Interest Swap 
Agreement with BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. 
The expected evolution of the relationships and dependencies with BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV were 
found to be positive due, among other things, to the shareholding structure of that bank. 
Risks of losses associated with declining values of mortgage assets or pledged business 
The security for the Notes created under the Pledge Agreement may be affected by, among other things, 
a decline in the value of the mortgaged assets and/or the pledged business and/or the encumbered 
exploitation securing the SME Receivables. No assurance can be given that values of the mortgaged 
assets and/or the pledged business and/or the encumbered exploitation have remained or will remain at 
the level at which they were on the date of origination of the related SME Loans. A decline in value of 
the relevant mortgaged assets and/or the pledged business and/or the encumbered exploitation may result 
in losses to the relevant Noteholders if the relevant security rights on the relevant mortgaged assets 
and/or the pledged business and/or the encumbered exploitation are required to be enforced. The Seller 
will not be liable for any losses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the SME Loans.  
Certain SME Mortgage Receivables are only partly secured by a Mortgage, and partly by a 
Mortgage Mandate, which provides less legal certainty than a Mortgage

--- Page 47 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
47 
Certain SME Mortgage Receivables are only partly secured by a Mortgage, with the remaining part of 
the principal amount of the SME Receivable being secured by a Mortgage Mandate. A Mortgage 
Mandate does not constitute an actual security which creates a priority right of payment out of the 
proceeds of a sale of the Mortgaged Assets, but needs to be converted first into a registered Mortgage. 
The Mortgage Mandate is an irrevocable power of attorney granted by a Borrower or a third party 
provider of Related Security to certain attorneys enabling them to create a Mortgage as security for the 
SME Loan, or, as the case may be, for other existing or future loans or all other sums owed by the 
Borrower to the Seller at any stage. 
A Mortgage will only become enforceable against third parties upon registration of the Mortgage at the 
Mortgage Registrar. The ranking of the Mortgage is based on the date of registration at the Mortgage 
Registrar. The registration is dated the day on which the mortgage deed pertaining to the creation of the 
Mortgage and the "registration extracts" (borderellen/bordereaux) are registered at the Mortgage 
Registrar. When a Mortgage Mandate is transformed into a Mortgage, stamp duties (registratierechten 
/ droits d'enregistrement), mortgage duties (hypotheekrechten / droits d'hypotheque) and other costs will 
be payable before the Mortgage can be executed and registered, amounting in most cases to 
approximately 1.3% to 1.6% of the secured amount of the Mortgage. 
The following limitations, among other things, exist in relation to the conversion of Mortgage Mandates: 
(a) 
the Borrower or the third party provider of Related Security that has granted a Mortgage 
Mandate, may grant a Mortgage to a third party that will rank ahead of the Mortgage to be 
created pursuant to the conversion of the Mortgage Mandate, although this would generally 
constitute a contractual breach of the contractual obligations of the Borrower or the third party 
provider of Related Security; 
(b) 
if a conservatory or an executory seizure on the real property covered by the Mortgage Mandate 
has been made by a third party creditor of the Borrower or, as the case may be, of the third party 
provider of Related Security, a Mortgage registered pursuant to the exercise of the Mortgage 
Mandate after the writ of seizure has been recorded at the Mortgage Registry, will not be 
enforceable against the seizing creditor and the seizing creditor will rank prior to the newly 
converted Mortgage; 
(c) 
if the Borrower or the third party provider of Related Security is an enterprise (including a 
natural person acting as a private trader) subject to insolvency laws: 
(i) 
the Mortgage Mandate can no longer be converted following the bankruptcy of the 
Borrower or, as the case may be, the third party provider of Related Security and any 
Mortgage registered at the Mortgage Registrar after the bankruptcy judgment is void; 
and 
(ii) 
a Mortgage registered at the Mortgage Registrar pursuant to the exercise of a Mortgage 
Mandate during the pre-bankruptcy "suspect period" or "hardening period" (i.e. after 
the date of cessation of payments that may be fixed by the court) for a pre-existing loan 
will not be enforceable against the bankrupt estate. Under certain circumstances, the 
clawback rules are not limited in time, for example where a Mortgage has been granted 
pursuant to a Mortgage Mandate and in order to "fraudulently prejudice" creditors; and 
(iii) 
mortgages registered after the day of cessation of payments of debt can be declared void 
by the bankruptcy court, if the registration was made more than fifteen days after the 
creation of the Mortgage; and

--- Page 48 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
48 
(iv) 
the effect of a judicial reorganisation (gerechtelijke reorganisatie / réorganisation 
judiciaire) of a Borrower or of a third party provider of Related Security on the 
Mortgage Mandate is uncertain; 
(d) 
if the Borrower or the third party provider of Related Security, as the case may be, is a 
corporation (vennootschap / société) that has started dissolution and/or liquidation proceedings 
prior to the conversion, it may be impossible to convert of the Mortgage Mandate into a 
Mortgage; 
(e) 
if the Borrower or the third party provider of Related Security, as the case may be, is a private 
person and has started collective debt settlement proceedings, a Mortgage registered at the 
Mortgage Registrar after the court has declared the request admissible, is not enforceable against 
the other creditors of the Borrower or of the third party provider of Related Security; 
(f) 
besides the possibility that the Borrower or the third party provider of Related Security may 
grant a mortgage to another lender as discussed above, the Mortgage to be created pursuant to a 
Mortgage Mandate may also come in rank after certain legal mortgages to the benefit of third 
parties (such as the legal mortgage of the tax authorities) to the extent these legal mortgages are 
registered before the exercise of the Mortgage Mandate (and subsequent registration at the 
Mortgage Registrar). In this respect, it should be noted that the notary will need to notify the tax 
administration before passing the Mortgage Deed pertaining to the creation of the Mortgage; 
and 
(g) 
if the Borrower or the third party provider of Related Security, as the case may be, is a private 
person, certain limitations apply to the conversion of the Mortgage Mandate into a Mortgage if 
the Borrower or third party provider of Related Security dies before the conversion; certain 
limitations also apply in case of a dissolution of the Borrower or third party provider of Related 
Security that is a legal person. 
If any of the events described above occurs, the Issuer may receive less money than anticipated from 
the SME Receivables which may affect the ability of the Issuer to repay the Notes. 
The Issuer (and the Noteholders as beneficiary of the Security over the SME Receivables) may not 
have the benefit of the assignment of salary granted as part of Related Security, and the 
assignment of salary may not be first-ranking 
The Loan Security in relation to an SME Loan may include an assignment by a Borrower (who is also 
an employee) of his/her salary. The assignment of salary is governed by special legislation (articles 27 
to 35 of the Belgian Act of 12 April 1965 on the protection of the salary of employees (the "Salary 
Protection Act")). 
In respect of such assignment of salary, it should be noted that the Borrower may have assigned his 
salary as security for debts other than the SME Loans; the assignee who first starts actual enforcement 
of the assignment against the Borrower would have priority over the other assignees. 
In the absence of reported precedents, it is not absolutely certain to which extent the Seller can validly 
transfer the benefit of such assignment to the Issuer. Therefore, there is the risk that the Issuer may not 
have the benefit of such arrangement in case of insolvency of the Seller, which may adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in full to pay interest and principal in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
49 
The sale to the Issuer and pledge to the Noteholders of SME Receivables is subject to adverse 
events until notice of the sale and pledge is given to the relevant Borrower or other relevant debtor 
thereof 
Except as described below, the sale of the SME Receivables to the Issuer and the pledge of the SME 
Receivables to the Security Agent and the other Secured Parties will not be notified to the Borrowers 
nor to the third party providers of Loan Security. 
Until notice is given to the Borrowers and third party providers of security: 
(a) 
the liabilities of the Borrowers under the SME Receivables (and the liabilities of the providers 
of Loan Security) will be validly discharged by payment to the Seller (or, following notification 
of the assignment of the SME Receivables but prior to the notification of the pledge of the SME 
Receivables, to the Issuer) and the Issuer (or the Secured Parties, as applicable) will have no 
further recourse against the Borrower (or the provider of Loan Security, as the case may be) 
even if the Seller (or the Issuer, as applicable) does not transfer such payments to the Issuer (or 
to the Security Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, as applicable) or if the appointment of 
the Seller as Pool Servicer is terminated; 
(b) 
the Seller (or, following notification of the assignment of the SME Receivables but prior to the 
notification of the pledge of the SME Receivables, to the Issuer) can agree with the Borrowers 
or the other collateral providers to vary or waive the terms and conditions of the SME 
Receivables, the Mortgages, or the other Loan Security without the consent of the Issuer (or the 
Secured Parties, as applicable) and such variation or waiver is binding on the Issuer and the 
Secured Parties even if made in violation of the restrictions on such variations and waivers in 
the Relevant Documents; 
(c) 
if the Seller were to transfer or pledge the same SME Receivables and Loan Security to a party 
other than the Issuer either before or after the relevant Purchase Date (or if the Issuer were to 
transfer or pledge the same to a party other than the Security Agent) the assignee who first 
notifies the Borrowers or, as the case may be, the providers of Loan Security and acts in good 
faith would have the first claim to the relevant SME Receivable or the relevant Loan Security, 
even if such assignment or pledge is given in violation of representations or restrictions relating 
to such assignments or pledges to third parties in the Relevant Documents; 
(d) 
payments made by Borrowers or other providers of Loan Security to a creditor of the Seller 
(including following an attachment (derdenbeslag/saisie-arrêt) in respect of a SME Receivable 
or Loan Security by a creditor of the Seller), will validly discharge their respective obligations 
under the SME Receivables or the Loan Security provided the Borrowers or the other collateral 
providers (as the case may be) and such creditor of the Seller acted in good faith at the time such 
payment was made; 
(e) 
borrowers or providers of Related Security may raise against the Issuer (or the Security Agent, 
the Noteholders and/or any other Secured Party) all rights and defences which existed against 
the Seller prior to notification of the transfer or pledge, including any set-off rights with respect 
to claims of the Borrower, Insurance Company or other provider of Related Security on the 
Seller and any defence of non-performance (unless the Seller has become subject of insolvency 
proceedings or a situation of concurrence of creditors (samenloop/concours), to the extent that 
the conditions for set-off or the defence of non-performance were only satisfied following or as 
a result of such insolvency proceedings or concurrence of creditors).

--- Page 50 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
50 
Even after notice of the assignment of SME Receivables (and the Loan Security) is given, the Borrowers 
(or the providers of Loan Security, as the case may be) can still invoke set-off or the defence of non-
performance against the Issuer (and the Secured Parties) to the extent that the conditions for set-off or 
the defence of non-performance were already satisfied prior to such notification.  
The SME Receivables Purchase Agreement provides that upon the occurrence of certain Assignment 
Notification Events, including inter alia any Pledge Notification Event, the Seller shall be required to 
give notice of the sale to the Borrowers or any other debtor of any assigned right or Loan Security (see 
SME Receivables Purchase Agreement, 7 (Assignment Notification Events) below) or, at its option, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to make such notifications itself. Unless instructed by the Security Agent not to 
give such notice, if the Seller and the Issuer fail to give such notice, the Security Agent shall (at the 
expense of the Seller) be entitled to give such notice(s).  
There may be a delay between (i) the occurrence of an Assignment Notification Event, (ii) the Seller, 
the Issuer, the Security Agent and/or any other relevant party becoming aware of the occurrence of the 
Assignment Notification Event, and (iii) practical measures being taken and completed for the actual 
notification of the Borrowers and other debtors of Loan Security. If any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) above would occur prior the Borrowers and third party providers of security having 
been notified of the assignment or pledge of the SME Receivables, the Issuer or the Secured Parties (as 
applicable) would not have any recourse against the relevant Borrowers or third party providers of 
security. In such cases, the Issuer or the Secured Parties (as applicable) may suffer losses or payment 
delays in respect of the relevant SME Receivables (and related Loan Security) and, consequently, this 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to repay the Notes. 
The characteristics of the SME Receivables may change from time to time 
There is no guarantee that the characteristics of any New SME Receivables assigned to the Issuer will 
have the same characteristics as the SME Receivables as of the first purchase, in particular, new SME 
Loans may have different payment characteristics from the SME Loans assigned to the issuer as of the 
first purchase. The ultimate effect of this could be to delay or reduce the payments on the Notes or to 
increase the rate of repayment of the Notes. 
Prepayment Risk 
The average maturity of the Notes may be affected by a higher or lower than anticipated rate of 
prepayments on the SME Loans. The rate of prepayment of SME Loans is influenced by a wide variety 
of economic, social and other factors, including prevailing market interest rates (e.g. in the context of 
an environment with rising interest rate trends, prepayments on part of the portfolio with a fixed interest 
rate is expected to be lower), changes in tax laws (including, but not limited to, amendments to interest 
tax deductibility), local and regional economic conditions and changes in Borrower's behaviour. No 
guarantee can be given as to the level of prepayments of principal on any SME Loan prior to its 
scheduled due date in accordance with the provisions for prepayments provided for in the relevant SME 
Loan documents (each a Prepayment) that the SME Loans may experience, and variation in the rate of 
prepayments of principal on the SME Loans may affect each Class of Notes differently.  
This risk of prepayments is partially mitigated by any contractual penalty which may be applicable in 
the event of a Prepayment (each a Prepayment Penalty) payable by the Borrower. In accordance with 
Article 9 of the Law of 21 December 2013 regarding the financing of small and medium sized enterprises 
(the "SME Financing Law"), a Borrower who entered into a credit agreement after 10 January 2014 
may at any time prepay the entire outstanding amount of its SME Loan, provided that:  
(a) 
the Borrower gives the lender 10 business days prior notice per registered letter; and

--- Page 51 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
51 
(b) 
the Borrower pays a prepayment fee (if agreed with the lender) in accordance with limitations 
set out in article 9, §2 of the SME Financing Law. 
For loans not falling under the SME Financing Law (including those entered into prior to the application 
of the SME Financing Law), the application of the limitation on prepayment fees in respect of loan 
agreements as provided for in article 1907bis of the Belgian (Old) Civil Code (limiting the prepayment 
fee to a maximum of 6 months interest calculated on the basis of the prepaid amount and the interest 
rate applicable in the agreement) has for long been a subject of debate in legal writing and case law. To 
date, the argumentation that only loan agreements are covered by the limitation on prepayment fees as 
set out in article 1907bis of the Belgian (Old) Civil Code, but that credit facilities would not be captured, 
is under pressure. 
Finally, in the context of an environment of rising interest rates, prepayments on the portfolio may lead 
to an improvement of the average interest rate on the portfolio insofar as the Seller is able to replenish 
the portfolio with New SME Receivables to which a higher interest rate applies. 
No searches or investigations by the Issuer, the Security Agent or the Administrator 
None of the Issuer, the Security Agent or the Administrator have made or caused to be made nor will 
any of them make or cause to be made, any enquiries, investigations or searches to verify the details of 
the SME Receivables, the Mortgages or other Related Security, or to establish the creditworthiness of 
any Borrower, or any other enquiries, investigations or searches which a prudent purchaser of the SME 
Receivables would ordinarily make, and each will rely instead on the representations and warranties 
given by the Seller in the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement. These representations and warranties 
will be given in relation to the SME Receivables, the Mortgages, the Mortgage Mandates, other Related 
Security and all rights related thereto. 
If there is an unremedied material breach of any representation and/or warranty in relation to any SME 
Receivable or the Relevant SME Loan, the Seller shall be required to repurchase such SME Receivables 
and all rights relating thereto within thirty-five (35) calendar days after the Seller has become aware or 
has been notified of such breach, unless the matter has been remedied by the Seller. The SME Receivable 
will be repurchased for an aggregate amount equal to the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Amount 
of the repurchased SME Receivable plus accrued interest thereon and pro rata costs up to (but excluding) 
the date of completion of the repurchase. The Issuer and the Security Agent will have no other remedy 
in respect of such breach if the Seller fails to effect such repurchase in accordance with the SME 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. This may affect the quality of the SME Receivables and the Related 
Security and accordingly the ability of the Issuer to make payments on the Notes. 
Enforcement of Security for the Notes 
The Pledge Agreement is governed by Belgian law. Under Belgian law, upon enforcement of the 
security for the Notes, the Security Agent, acting on its own behalf and on behalf of the other Secured 
Parties, will be permitted to collect any moneys payable in respect of the SME Receivables, any moneys 
payable under the contracts pledged to it and any moneys standing to the credit of the Issuer Accounts 
and to apply such moneys in satisfaction of obligations of the Issuer which are secured by the Pledge 
Agreement.  
The Security Agent will also be permitted to apply to the president of the enterprise court 
(ondernemingsrechtbank/tribunal d'entreprise) for authorisation to sell the pledged assets. The Security 
Agent and the other Secured Parties will have a first ranking claim over the proceeds of any such sale. 
Any proceeds from such sale of the pledged assets will be applied in accordance with the Priority of 
Payments upon Enforcement.

--- Page 52 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
52 
The ability of the Issuer to redeem all the Notes in full (including after the occurrence of an event of 
default in relation to the Notes) while any of the SME Receivables are still outstanding, may depend 
upon whether the Loans can be sold, otherwise realised or refinanced so as to obtain an amount sufficient 
to redeem the Notes. There is not an active and liquid secondary market in Belgium for loans to small 
and medium sized enterprises. Accordingly, there is a risk that neither the Issuer nor the Security Agent 
will be able to sell or refinance the SME Receivables on appropriate terms should either of them be 
required to do so.

--- Page 53 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
53 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to the termination of the Interest Swap Agreement 
In order to hedge the risk between the rates of interest received by the Issuer on the relevant SME 
Receivables and received on the Issuer Accounts and the rates of interest payable by the Issuer on the 
Notes the Issuer will enter into one or more interest swap transactions for such Notes with an Interest 
Swap Counterparty (see Information relating to the Programme Structure - 14. Interest Rate Hedging)). 
The Interest Swap Counterparty is obliged to make payments under the Interest Swap Agreement 
without any withholding or deduction of taxes unless required by law. If any such withholding or 
deduction is required by law, the Interest Swap Counterparty will be required to pay such additional 
amount as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by the Issuer will equal the full 
amount that the Issuer would have received had no such withholding or deduction been required. The 
Interest Swap Agreement will provide, however, that if a Tax Event occurs, the interest Swap 
Counterparty may (in accordance with the transfer provisions of the Interest Swap Agreement and the 
Security Agent Agreement) transfer its rights and obligations to another of its offices, branches or 
affiliates to avoid the relevant Tax Event. 
The Interest Swap Agreement will be terminable by one party in certain circumstances, including if (i) 
an event of default (as defined therein) occurs in relation to the other party, (ii) it becomes unlawful for 
either party to perform its obligations under the Interest Swap Agreement, or (iii) an Enforcement Notice 
is served. Events of default under the Interest Swap Agreement in relation to the Issuer will be limited 
to (i) non-payment under the Interest Swap Agreement, (ii) a merger or similar transaction with another 
entity or person without assumption of the Issuer's obligation under the Interest Swap Agreement and 
(iii) insolvency events. 
The Interest Swap Counterparty is obliged only to make payments under an Interest Swap Agreement 
as long as the Issuer makes timely payments thereunder. If such Interest Swap Counterparty is not 
obliged to make payments of, or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments of, amounts equal to 
the full amount scheduled to be paid to the Issuer on the dates for payment specified under the Interest 
Swap Agreement or if the Interest Swap Agreement is otherwise terminated, and unless a comparable 
replacement swap agreement is entered into, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in rates of interest 
payable on the Notes. As a consequence, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due 
on the applicable Series and Classes of Notes. 
In addition, if the Interest Swap Agreement is terminated, the Issuer may in certain circumstances be 
required to make a termination payment to the Interest Swap Counterparty. Any such termination 
payment could be substantial and may affect the funds available to pay amounts due to the Noteholders. 
Commingling Risk 
The Issuer's liability to make payments in respect of the Notes and to pay its operating and administrative 
expenses depends on funds being received from the Borrowers (and providers of Loan Security) by the 
Seller in its capacity as Pool Servicer and such funds subsequently being swept by the Pool Servicer to 
the Issuer Collection Account. The Pool Servicer may also collect other funds in the same account on 
which the payments by the Borrower (or the providers of Related Security, as the case may be) under 
the SME Receivables are made, and to this extent there may be a risk of commingling of proprietary 
funds of the Pool Servicer and the Issuer. In case of insolvency of the Seller, the recourse the Issuer 
would have against the Seller would be an unsecured claim against the insolvent estate of the Seller for 
collection moneys then standing to the credit of the Seller Collection Accounts at such time.

--- Page 54 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
54 
This risk is mitigated by the fact that if at any time a Seller Collection Account Provider Rating 
Downgrade Event occurs, the Seller will, to maintain the then current ratings assigned to the Notes at 
least at the Minimum Ratings or, if the then current ratings of the Notes are lower than the Minimum 
Ratings, to maintain the then current ratings assigned to the Notes, within thirty (30) calendar days of 
any such event, have to: either (i) ensure that payments to be made in respect of amounts received on 
the Seller Collection Account relating to the relevant SME Receivables are guaranteed by a party having 
at least the Seller Collection Account Provider Required Rating; or (ii) procure that all payments paid 
into the Seller Collection Accounts are transferred on or before the next Business Day into the Issuer 
Collection Account; or (iii) implement any other actions that would prevent an adverse impact on the 
then current ratings assigned to the Notes. 
A commingling risk also results from the fact that that Seller also acts as GIC provider. This risk is 
mitigated by the fact that if at any time a GIC Provider Rating Downgrade Event occurs, then the GIC 
Provider will use its best efforts within sixty (60) calendar days of any such event (i) to obtain a third 
party, having at least the GIC Provider Required Rating to guarantee the obligations of the GIC Provider, 
or (ii) to find an alternative GIC provider acceptable to the Security Agent. 
Changes in law or tax rules may affect the expected cashflows of the Programme and reduce or 
delay payments in respect of the Notes 
The structure of the Programme described in this Base Prospectus and, inter alia, the issue of the Notes 
and the purchase of SME Receivables are heavily based on laws, tax rules, regulations, guidelines, rates 
and procedures, and administrative practice in effect at the date of this Base Prospectus. For example, 
the Issuer is relying on its status as an institutionele vennootschap voor belegging in schuldvorderingen 
naar Belgisch recht / société d'investissement en créances institutionnelle de droit belge in accordance 
with the UCITS Act to exclude almost all of its revenue from its taxable base for corporate income tax 
purposes, and to apply certain exemptions from Belgian withholding taxes and value added tax (VAT). 
No assurance can be given that there will be no change to such laws, tax rules, rates, procedures or 
administrative practice which might have an adverse impact on the Notes and the expected payments of 
interest and repayment of principal in respect of the Notes. 
In some of those cases, the Issuer (but not the Noteholders) may have a right (but no obligation) to 
prepay the Notes. See Conditions 6.8 (Redemption for tax reasons) and 6.10 (Redemption for Change 
of Law). 
Also, in certain cases relating to changes to the Bank Regulations (as defined in Condition 6.9 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons) or to Eurosystem eligibility of the Notes, the Seller may repurchase 
the Relevant SME Receivables by exercising the Regulatory Call Option, following which the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes in accordance with and subject to Condition 6.9 (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons). 
Risks relating to Ratings Confirmations 
The terms of certain of the Relevant Documents require that certain actions proposed to be taken by the 
Security Agent, the Issuer and certain other parties to the Relevant Documents may not proceed unless 
a confirmation from the Rating Agencies is received that such proposed action will not affect the rating 
of the Notes (a "Ratings Confirmation"). 
A written Ratings Confirmation may or may not be given at the sole discretion of that Rating Agency. 
It should be noted that no Rating Agency is obliged to provide any Ratings Confirmation (and any Rating 
Agency may refuse to do so for any reason, whether as a matter of general policy or in relation to such 
request specifically). Depending on the timing of delivery of the request and any information needed to

--- Page 55 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
55 
be provided as part of any such request, it may be the case that a Rating Agency cannot provide a written 
Ratings Confirmation in the time available or at all. No Rating Agency will be responsible for the 
consequences of any refusal or inability to provide a Ratings Confirmation or of any delay in providing 
a Ratings Confirmation. 
A Ratings Confirmation from the Rating Agencies, if given, will be given on the basis of the facts and 
circumstances prevailing at the relevant time. A Ratings Confirmation provided by a Rating Agency 
cannot be construed as advice for the benefit of any parties to the transaction. A Ratings Confirmation 
does not confirm that such action (i) is permitted by the terms of the Relevant Documents or (ii) is in 
the best interests of, or prejudicial to, the Noteholders. 
To the extent that a Ratings Confirmation cannot be obtained, whether or not a proposed amendment, 
action, determination or appointment will ultimately take place will be determined in accordance with 
the provisions of the Relevant Documents. 
The Belgian bank recovery and resolution regime is applicable to BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as 
Seller, Pool Servicer, Interest Swap Counterparty and GIC Provider (and in other capacities) 
Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") 
provides for the establishment of a new European-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms. The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide supervisory and 
resolution authorities, including the resolution college of the National Bank of Belgium within the 
meaning of Article 21ter of the Law of 22 February 1998 establishing the organic statute of the National 
Bank of Belgium, or any successor body or authority (the "National Resolution Authority" and, 
together with the national resolution authorities of other participating Member States, the "NRAs"), 
with common tools and powers to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial 
stability and minimise taxpayers' exposure to losses. BRRD had been transposed into Belgian law in 
subsequent stages pursuant to various laws, among which the Credit Institutions Supervision Act. 
It should be noted that (i) certain elements of the Credit Institutions Supervision Act require further 
detailed measures to be taken by other authorities, in particular the National Bank of Belgium, (ii) certain 
elements of the Credit Institutions Supervision Act will be influenced by further regulations (including 
through technical standards) taken or to be taken at European level, and (iii) the application of the Credit 
Institutions Supervision Act may be influenced by the assumption by the European Central Bank of 
certain supervisory responsibilities which were previously handled by the National Bank of Belgium 
and, in general, by the allocation of responsibilities between the European Central Bank and the National 
Bank of Belgium. 
In principle, the Issuer does not fall within the scope of the BRRD and its Belgian implementation as it 
does not qualify as a credit institution. 
Although the exercise of powers by the National Bank of Belgium under the Credit Institutions 
Supervision Act could not affect the transfer of legal title to the SME Loans from the Seller to the Issuer 
completed prior to the exercise of such powers, there is a risk that such exercise of powers could 
adversely affect the proper performance by the Seller in each of its capacities under the Programme, 
including as the Pool Servicer, the Interest Swap Counterparty, the GIC Provider and the Reference 
Agent of its payment and other obligations to the Issuer and enforcement thereof against the such parties 
under the Relevant Documents. 
Risks relating to the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR)

--- Page 56 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
56 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC 
derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories ("EMIR") which entered into force on 16 
August 2012 establishes certain requirements for OTC derivatives contracts, including a mandatory 
clearing obligation (the "Clearing Obligation"), margin posting (the "Collateral Obligation") and 
other risk-mitigation techniques for OTC derivatives contracts not cleared by a central counterparty, and 
reporting and record-keeping requirements. EMIR has been amended by Regulation (EU) No 2019/834 
("EMIR Refit 2.1") on 20 May 2019. In general, the application of such regulatory requirements in 
respect of any derivative transactions under the Swap Agreement will depend on the classification of 
the counterparties to such derivative transactions. 
Pursuant to EMIR, counterparties can be classified as: (i) financial counterparties ("FCs") (which, 
following changes made by EMIR Refit 2.1, includes a sub-category of small FCs ("SFCs")), and (ii) 
non-financial counterparties ("NFCs"). The category of NFC is further split into: (i) nonfinancial 
counterparties above the "clearing threshold" ("NFC+s"), and (ii) non-financial counterparties below 
the "clearing threshold" ("NFC-s"). Whereas FCs and NFC+ entities may be subject to the Clearing 
Obligation or, to the extent that the relevant derivative transactions are not subject to clearing, to the 
Collateral Obligation, such obligations do not apply in respect of NFC- entities. 
The Issuer is currently an NFC-, although a change in its position cannot be ruled out. Should the status 
of the Issuer change to NFC+ or FC, this may result in the application of the Clearing Obligation or the 
Collateral Obligation, although it seems unlikely that the Interest Swap Agreement would be a relevant 
type of OTC derivative contract that would be subject to the Clearing Obligation under the relevant 
implementing measures made to date. It should also be noted that the Collateral Obligation should not 
apply in respect of derivative transactions entered into prior to the relevant application date, unless such 
derivative transaction is materially amended on or after that date. 
OTC derivatives contracts that are not cleared by a an authorised or recognised central counterparty 
("CCP") are subject to certain other risk mitigation techniques, including arrangements for timely 
confirmation of OTC derivatives contracts, portfolio reconciliation, dispute resolution and arrangements 
for monitoring the value of outstanding OTC derivatives contracts. In order to comply with certain of 
these risk mitigation requirements the Issuer includes appropriate provisions in the Swap Agreement. In 
addition, under EMIR, counterparties must report all their OTC and exchange traded derivatives 
contracts to an authorised or recognised trade repository or to ESMA. 
Prospective investors should note that there is some uncertainty with respect to the ability of the Issuer 
to comply with the Clearing Obligation and the Collateral Obligation were they to be applicable, which 
may (i) lead to regulatory sanctions, (ii) adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to continue to be party 
to the Swap Agreement (possibly resulting in a restructuring or termination of the derivative transactions 
entered into under the Interest Swap Agreement) or to enter into swap agreements and/or (iii) 
significantly increase the cost of such arrangements, thereby negatively affecting the ability of the Issuer 
to hedge certain risks. As a result, the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its obligations may be 
reduced, which may in turn result in investors' receiving less interest or principal than expected. 
Finally, pursuant to the terms of the Conditions and the Security Agent Agreement, the Security Agent 
may agree, in order to comply with EMIR, without the consent of the Noteholders and the other Secured 
Parties to any modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any 
of the provisions of the Notes of any Series or any other Relevant Documents which is in the opinion of 
the Security Agent not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and the other Secured 
Parties, provided that the Security Agent has notified the Rating Agencies. Any such modification, 
authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and other Secured Parties.

--- Page 57 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
57

--- Page 58 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
58 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The Notes may have a much longer Final Maturity Date than the Step-Up Date or the expected 
average life of the Notes, and there is no guarantee that Issuer will exercise its right to redeem the 
Notes at the Step-up Dates 
On the relevant Step-up Date of each Note, the Issuer shall use its best efforts to redeem each Note with 
the proceeds of the issue of new Notes or of the sale of SME Receivables. No guarantee can be given 
that the Issuer will actually have sufficient funds available to redeem the relevant Notes, and, in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes, that the Repayment Test will be satisfied on the relevant Step-up Date or on 
any Note Payment Date thereafter. 
The conditions for issuance of new Notes or for the sale of SME Receivables may not be satisfied and 
the Issuer may not be able to find purchasers for new Notes or for the SME Receivables, which may 
lead to a longer than expected average life of the existing Notes. 
The obligation of the Issuer to redeem the Notes (other than the Class A Notes) is limited by the 
collections received by the Issuer in respect of the SME Receivables and the required levels of 
subordination of higher ranking Notes 
If, upon default by the Borrowers and after exercise by the Pool Servicer of all available remedies in 
respect of the applicable SME Loans, the Issuer does not receive the full amount due from such 
Borrowers, the relevant Noteholders may receive by way of principal repayment on the Notes of the 
relevant Series and Class of Notes an amount less than the Principal Amount Outstanding of their Notes 
and the Issuer may be unable to pay in full interest due on such Notes, to the extent set forth in Condition 
9 (Subordination and limited recourse). On any relevant Note Payment Date, any Realised Losses on 
the SME Loans will be allocated as described in the section "Information relating to the Programme 
Structure" below. 
If on any Note Payment Date on which a repayment of principal is due on any Subordinated Notes at a 
time when, if the repayment was made, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the remaining relevant 
Classes of Subordinated Notes is not sufficient to provide the level of credit enhancement required to 
support the ratings on the remaining Series and Classes of Notes and the Issuer is unable to issue the 
relevant additional Subordinated Notes or obtain acceptable alternative forms of credit enhancement, 
the Issuer will not be entitled to repay on such date such Series and Classes of Notes. See for more 
detailed description Condition 6 (Redemption and cancellation). Consequently, there is a risk that the 
holders of Subordinated Notes may not receive the principal sum due under such Notes on the due date 
for redemption. 
In accordance with Condition 9.2 (Principal), a Class B Note, a Class C Note, a Class D Note, a Class 
E Note, a Class F Note or a class G Note may be redeemed with the Principal Shortfall or the Reserve 
Fund Shortfall, as the case may be, of the Class of that Note. As a consequence a holder of a Class B 
Note, a Class C Note, a Class D Note, a Class E Note, a Class F Note or a class G Note may not receive 
the full Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note on the due date for redemption, and such loss may 
be definitive. 
Redemption of Notes may be accelerated or delayed in case of a Trigger Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event any Soft-bullet Notes will become Pass-through Notes and all 
Pass-through Notes will be subject to mandatory (partial) redemption on a sequential basis. This may 
have the result that the repayment of Notes may, depending on the type of Note, be accelerated or 
delayed.

--- Page 59 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
59 
The Issuer will suspend payments to Noteholders that are not Qualifying Investors 
If a Noteholder is not a Qualifying Investor, or loses its status as a Qualifying Investor (due to a change 
in its own status or due to a change of the definition of Qualifying Investors in the UCITS Act), then the 
Issuer will suspend payments in respect of the Notes held by that Noteholder upon becoming aware 
thereof. The Noteholder will have to ensure it becomes a Qualifying Investor, or sell the Notes, which 
may lead to losses due to the expected limited liquidity of the Notes and the absence of an active 
secondary market in respect of the Notes. 
Noteholders may have to accept decisions, determinations, amendments and waivers agreed by 
the general meeting of Noteholders or by the Security Agent, without having consented thereto 
Any Programme Resolution must be passed at a single meeting of the holders of all Notes (of a Class) 
of all Series then outstanding as set out in more detail in Condition 14.3(c) and cannot be decided upon 
at a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series. A Programme Resolution will be binding on all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement and in accordance with Condition 15 (Modifications, 
waivers, authorisations by the Security Agent), the Security Agent may agree without the consent of the 
Noteholders and the other Secured Parties, to 
(a) 
any modification of any of the provisions of the Notes of any Series or any other 
Relevant Documents which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct 
a manifest error; 
(b) 
any other modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach, of any of the provisions of the Notes of any Series or any other Relevant 
Documents which is in the opinion of the Security Agent not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders and the other Secured Parties, provided that the Security 
Agent has notified the Rating Agencies; and 
(c) 
any modification of a Relevant Document or the Conditions of the Notes, subject to 
certain conditions being satisfied, which: 
(i) 
enables the Issuer to comply with the EMIR Requirements; or 
(ii) 
enables the Issuer to comply with the CRA3 requirements, the Securitisation 
Regulation (when applicable to the Programme and the Notes) and the CRR 
Amendment Regulation; or 
(iii) 
follows from the introduction of an Alternative Base Rate, 
it being understood that any modification of a Relevant Document must be approved by each party 
thereto. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and other 
Secured Parties. 
Absence of secondary market; lack of liquidity 
There is currently no active secondary market with respect to any Notes. No assurance is provided that 
a secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will provide Noteholders 
with liquidity of investment for the life of the Notes. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer is 
or will be obliged to make a market for a Series of Notes issued by the Issuer. Investors in the Notes

--- Page 60 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
60 
must be prepared to hold their Notes for an indefinite period of time, which may continue until the Final 
Maturity Date of those Notes or alternatively that they may only be able to sell the Notes at a discount 
to the original purchase price of those Notes. 
No gross-up for taxes 
If withholding of, or deduction for, or an account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges of whatever nature are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Belgium, any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer will make the required withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Noteholders, as the case 
may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Noteholders. 
No assurance that Notes intended to be eligible as Eurosystem eligible collateral, will in fact be 
admitted as and remain Eurosystem Eligible Collateral 
The Final Terms in respect of the Notes may specify that such Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which allows Eurosystem eligibility. Any such statement of intention in the Final Terms does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as Eurosystem eligible collateral either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria as amended from time to time. 
Risks relating to Basel III & Solvency II 
Investors should also note that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ("BCBS") has approved a 
series of significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes being 
referred to by the BCBS as "Basel III"), including revisions to the securitisation framework which may 
result in increased regulatory capital requirements in respect of certain positions. Basel III provides for 
a substantial strengthening of existing prudential rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce 
capital standards (with heightened requirements for global systemically important banks) and to 
establish a leverage ratio "backstop" for financial institutions and certain minimum liquidity standards 
(referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and the Net Stable Funding Ratio). BCBS member countries 
agreed to implement the initial phase of the Basel III reforms from 1 January 2013 and the second phase 
from 1 January 2022, subject to transitional and phase-in arrangements for certain requirements. As 
implementation of any changes to the Basel framework (including those made via Basel III) requires 
national legislation, the final rules and the timetable for its implementation in each jurisdiction, as well 
as the treatment of asset-backed securities, may be subject to some level of national variation. 
Implementation of the Basel III and Solvency II framework and any changes as described above may 
have an impact on the capital requirements in respect of the Notes and/or on incentives to hold the Notes 
for investors that are subject to requirements that follow the relevant framework and, as a result, may 
affect the liquidity and/or value of the Notes. 
In general, investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements or 
regulatory liquidity requirements in respect of the Notes and as to the consequences for and effect on 
them of any changes to the Basel framework (including the changes described above) and Solvency II, 
and the relevant implementing measures. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such 
matters on any investor or otherwise. 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of EURIBOR may affect the value or payment of interest under 
the Notes

--- Page 61 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
61 
In the event that the EURIBOR benchmark referenced in the Conditions, an Interest Swap Agreement 
and the other Relevant Documents is temporarily unavailable, the fall-back position set out in Condition 
4.2(e) (EURIBOR) will apply with respect to the Notes. In the event that EURIBOR is permanently 
discontinued or changed, the Issuer may in certain circumstances modify or amend the EURIBOR rate 
in respect of the Notes to an Alternative Base Rate without the Noteholders' prior consent as provided 
in Condition 15.2(c). 
While an amendment may be made under Condition 15.2(c) to change the EURIBOR rate on the Notes 
to an Alternative Base Rate under certain circumstances broadly related to EURIBOR disruption or 
discontinuation and subject to certain conditions, there can be no assurance that any such amendment 
will be made or, if made, that it will (i) fully or effectively mitigate interest rate risks or result in an 
equivalent methodology for determining the interest rates on the Notes or (ii) be made prior to any date 
on which any of the risks described in this risk factor may become relevant. 
In addition, it should be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation methodologies may 
develop and apply as between the SME Receivables, the Notes and/or the Interest Swap Agreements 
due to applicable fallback provisions or other matters and the effects of this are uncertain but could 
include a reduction in the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in respect of 
the Notes. 
Increases in payments in respect of Floating Rate Notes of a certain Class and Series due to temporary 
or permanent changes to the interest rate calculation methodology or parameters may also affect amounts 
available for making payments in respect of Fixed Rate Notes and other Floating Rate Notes of a 
different Class and Series. 
Any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting, existence or replacement of 
EURIBOR could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and/or could have 
a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
Volcker Rule 
In response to the downturn in the credit markets and the global economic crisis, various agencies and 
regulatory bodies of the United States federal government have taken or are considering taking actions 
to address the financial crisis. These actions include, but are not limited to, the enactment of the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), which was signed 
into law on 21 July 2010, and which imposes a regulatory framework over the U.S. financial services 
industry and the consumer credit markets in general. 
Section 610 of the Dodd-Frank Act added a provision, commonly referred to as the "Volcker Rule", 
under which relevant banking entities are prohibited from, among other things, (i) conducting 
proprietary trading activities in a wide variety of financial instruments and (ii) acquiring or retaining 
any ownership interest in, or acting as sponsor in respect of, covered funds, except as may be permitted 
by an applicable exclusion or exception from the Volcker Rule. In addition, in certain circumstances, 
the Volcker Rule restricts banking entities from entering into certain credit exposure related transactions 
with covered funds. In general, there is limited interpretive guidance regarding the Volcker Rule. 
If the Issuer is deemed to be a covered fund, then in the absence of regulatory relief, the provisions of 
the Volcker Rule and its related regulatory guidance will prohibit or severely limit the ability of "banking 
entities" to hold an ownership interest in the Issuer or enter into certain financial transactions with the 
Issuer.

--- Page 62 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
62 
Each investor is responsible for analysing its own position under the Volcker Rule and any other similar 
laws and regulations and none of the Issuer, the Seller, the Administrator, the Security Agent, the 
Arranger or the Dealer makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Notes 
regarding the application of the Volcker Rule to the Issuer, the Issuer's status under the Volcker Rule or 
to such investor's investment in the Notes on any issue date or at any other time. 
The Volcker Rule and any similar measures introduced in another relevant jurisdiction may restrict the 
ability of relevant individual prospective purchasers to invest in the Notes and, in addition, may have a 
negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. Investors should conduct 
their own analysis to determine whether the Issuer is a "covered fund" for their purposes. 
U.S. risk retention requirements 
Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act amended the Exchange Act to generally require the "securitiser" of 
a "securitisation transaction" to retain at least 5 per cent. of the "credit risk" of "securitised assets", as 
such terms are defined for purposes of that act, and generally prohibit a securitiser from directly or 
indirectly eliminating or reducing its credit exposure by hedging or otherwise transferring the credit risk 
that the securitiser is required to retain. 
The Seller does not intend to retain at least 5 per cent. of the credit risk of the Issuer for the purposes of 
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, but rather intends to rely on an exemption provided for in Section 20 of 
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions. Such non-U.S. transactions must meet 
certain requirements, including that (1) the transaction is not required to be and is not registered under 
the Securities Act; (2) no more than 10 per cent. of the dollar value (or equivalent amount in the currency 
in which the securities are issued) of all classes of securities issued in the securitisation transaction are 
sold or transferred to U.S. persons (in each case, as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and referred to in this 
Prospectus as Risk Retention U.S. Persons); (3) neither the sponsor nor the issuer is organised under 
U.S. law or is a branch located in the United States of a non-U.S. entity; and (4) no more than 25 per 
cent. of the underlying collateral was acquired from a majority-owned affiliate or branch of the sponsor 
or issuer organised or located in the United States. 
The Seller has advised the Issuer that it has not acquired, and it does not intend to acquire more than 25 
per cent. of the SME Receivables from an affiliate or branch of the Seller or the Issuer that is organised 
or located in the United States. 
Prospective investors should note that the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
is different from the definition of "U.S. person" under Regulation S. Particular attention should be paid 
to clauses (b) and (h), which are different than comparable provisions from Regulation S. 
Consequently, the Notes may not be purchased by any person except for persons that are not Risk 
Retention U.S. Persons. Each holder of a Note or a beneficial interest acquired in the initial distribution 
of the Notes, by its acquisition of a Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, will be deemed to represent 
to the Issuer, the Seller and the Dealers that it (1) is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person, (2) is acquiring 
such Note or a beneficial interest therein for its own account and not with a view to distribute such Note 
and (3) is not acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the 
requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules (including acquiring such Note through a non-Risk 
Retention U.S. Person, rather than a Risk Retention U.S. Person, as part of a scheme to evade the 10 per 
cent. Risk Retention U.S. Person limitation in the exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules described herein).

--- Page 63 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
63 
The Seller, the Issuer and the Dealers are relying on the deemed representations made by the purchasers 
of the Notes and may not be able to determine the proper characterisation of potential investors for such 
restriction or for determining the availability of the exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules, and neither the Dealers nor any person who controls it or any director, officer, 
employee, agent or affiliate of the Dealers accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever for any such 
determination or characterisation. 
There can be no assurance that the exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions will be available. Failure on the part of the Seller to comply with 
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules (regardless of the reason for such failure to comply) could give rise to 
regulatory action against the Seller which may adversely affect the Notes and the ability of the Seller to 
perform its obligations under the Relevant Documents. Furthermore, a failure by the Seller to comply 
with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could negatively affect the value and secondary market liquidity of 
the Notes.

--- Page 64 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
64 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SME LOANS 
DESCRIPTION OF SME LOANS 
The SME Receivables to be sold and assigned to the Issuer are any and all rights (whether actual or 
contingent) of the Seller against any Borrower under or in connection with any SME Loan selected by 
agreement between the Seller and the Issuer together with the Seller's rights to or interest in any Related 
Security, to the extent the latter relates to the assigned SME Receivable. 
The classification of a loan as an SME Loan by the Seller is made in accordance with standard banking 
practice and definitions of the NBB, e.g.: 
• 
small companies have a short model annual account; 
• 
small companies do not exceed one of the following thresholds (over the last 2 financial years): 
• 
average full-time equivalents of staff: 50; 
• 
annual turnover (excl. VAT) of EUR 7.3 million; 
• 
total balance sheet of EUR 3.65 million; 
• 
medium sized companies have an annual account according to the full model and an annual 
turnover (excl. VAT) which is less than EUR 37.2 million (over the last 2 financial years).  
The SME Receivables have been selected according to the criteria list set forth in the SME Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and will be selected in accordance with such agreement on the relevant Purchase 
Date. For a description of the representations and warranties given by the Seller, see SME Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
1. 
SME LOANS 
1.1 
Governing law 
The SME Loans are governed by Belgian law. 
1.2 
Interest Rates 
The interest rate on each SME Loan has been fixed for an interest period as of the date of the 
origination of the relevant SME Loan.  
The interest period can be equal to the term of the SME Loan, in which case the interest rate is 
called a fixed interest rate.  
If the interest period is not equal to the term of the SME Loan, the interest rate will change at 
the end of the relevant interest period. The reset is done by BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and the 
client is sent a letter before the reset. If the loan is an annuity, the client will receive a new 
amortization table. 
There is no reference to an external interest rate and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV uses as new 
interest rate the then current interest rate for similar loans for similar terms.

--- Page 65 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
65 
1.3 
Types of Loans 
(a) 
Investment Credit 
The "Investment Credit" is a credit with a fixed term and that is repaid according to a 
fixed repayment schedule. The interest rate is either fixed or resettable on fixed points 
in time. 
The Investment Credit within BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, is used for the financing of: 
(i) 
investments in real estate, equipment or immaterial investments, in order to 
allow the entrepreneur: 
(I) 
to start, develop or expand its business; 
(II) 
to adjust its production equipment; 
(ii) 
working capital, in case of: 
(I) 
expansion of the business; 
(II) 
deterioration in case of recent investments with own means; 
(iii) 
consolidation of short term debt; or 
(iv) 
purchase of participations or shares. 
Investment Credits are currently subject to a minimum amount of EUR 7,500. The credit 
amount depends on: 
(i) 
the total amount of the investment, mostly excl. VAT. It is important that the 
amount is determined with care in order to obtain a solid financial plan, and: 
• 
to avoid an underestimation of the expenses that could lead to the 
necessity of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV to provide additional lending; 
• 
to evaluate the return of the investment; 
(ii) 
the cash input by the client; and 
(iii) 
the repayment possibilities and possibilities of self-financing. 
The term of the Investment Credit is between two and thirty years and is determined 
depending on: 
(i) 
the expected economic life of the investment being financed; and 
(ii) 
the repayment capacity of the client. 
The standard drawing period is set at 2 months, but can be prolonged in mutual 
agreement between the bank and the borrower, provided that it does not exceed 3 years. 
Exceptionally, this period can be extended. The drawing period and the repayment 
period can never exceed 31 years. Redrawing of amounts that have been repaid under 
the same loan, are not allowed.

--- Page 66 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
66 
For the determination of the repayment schedule, the seasonal or periodical character of 
the client's cash flows are taken into account, e.g.: 
(i) 
fixed principal payments (linear): monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or 
annually; 
(ii) 
at the request of the client, e.g. bullet or balloon; or 
(iii) 
annuities. 
The frequency of principal payments can in any case not be smaller than the frequency 
of the interest payments.  
In case not excluded in the credit agreement, the client has the right to repay early, 
subject to the payment by the client of the funding loss incurred by BNP Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV, on the following conditions: 
(i) 
the client has to send a registered letter; 
(ii) 
this letter has to be sent at least 15 days before repayment date; and 
(iii) 
a final early repayment date has to be set. 
For long term credits it is a rule to ask for collateral. Collateral can in no case 
compensate for lack of capital, lack of return or lack of repayment possibilities. 
Collateral can either cover all loans granted to a client (general collateral) or only the 
loans that are part of a specific credit opening (specific collaterals). 
The types of collateral are (non-limitative list): 
(i) 
mortgage; 
(ii) 
cash or security pledge; 
(iii) 
pledge on business; 
(iv) 
mandate to pledge on business; 
(v) 
mortgage mandate; 
(vi) 
shareholder guarantee (in case client is a company); 
(vii) 
government guarantee (national, regional or European); 
(viii) 
financial ratio triggers; 
(ix) 
insurances; and/or 
(x) 
comfort letters. 
(b) 
Instalment Credit 
The "Instalment Credit" is a credit with a fixed term and a fixed interest rate. As for 
Investment Credits, amounts that have been repaid cannot be redrawn. The client repays

--- Page 67 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
67 
the credit within a specified term and according to a specified repayment schedule 
(annuity or linear).  
The instalment Credit is used to finance: 
(i) 
professional investments, with or without specified purpose; or 
(ii) 
special payments with a specific fiscal or social reason, e.g. holiday payment 
for employees, social security payments on holiday payment for employees, 
year-end bonuses, taxes, rebate pharmacists. Such credit is called Social and 
Fiscal Instalment Credit (see infra). 
The term of the credit depends on: 
(i) 
the loan amount; and 
(ii) 
the economic life of the property financed (not beyond usual depreciation 
terms). 
It cannot exceed ten (10) years. The drawing period can never exceed 6 months. 
Instalment credits can be repaid through: 
(i) 
fixed principal payments (linear): monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or 
annually; 
(ii) 
annuities: monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or annually. 
The frequency of principal payments is the same as the frequency of the interest 
payments. 
The client has the right to early prepay the outstanding amount, subject to the payment 
by the client of the funding loss incurred by BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, given following 
conditions: 
(i) 
the client sends a registered letter; and 
(ii) 
the letter is sent at least one month before the next payment date. 
The types of collaterals covering Instalment Credits are similar as for Investment 
Credits. 
(c) 
Social and Fiscal Instalment Credit 
The "Social and Fiscal Instalment Credit" is an Instalment Credit used to finance 
special payments with a specific fiscal or social reason. It has the same characteristics 
as an Instalment Credit, i.e., it is a credit with a fixed term and a fixed interest rate. 
Amounts that have been repaid cannot be redrawn. The client repays the credit within a 
specified term and according to a specified repayment schedule (annuity or linear). 
The Social and Fiscal Instalment Credit can only be used to finance following purposes: 
− 
holiday payment for employees; 
− 
social security payments on holiday payment for employees;

--- Page 68 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
68 
− 
year-end bonuses; 
− 
taxes, and 
− 
rebate pharmacists. 
The minimum amount of a Social and Fiscal Instalment Credit is EUR 2,500. The term 
of the credit can vary from 6 to maximum 12 months. The drawing period can never 
exceed 1 month.

--- Page 69 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
69 
SME LOAN UNDERWRITING AND SERVICING 
1.1 
Underwriting Principles 
(a) 
General Description 
Customer identification and contact is initiated through the retail branch network or through one 
of the local business centers. Pro-activity, expertise and personal contact with our customers is 
crucial.  
The customer approach is consistently based on the portfolio approach, whereby the most 
important customers receive a dedicated personal service and are managed by a relationship 
manager.  
The 'Bank for Entrepreneurs' is defined as a segment of professionals and small enterprises 
within Retail and Private Banking Belgium ("RPBB"), bordered on one side by the Commercial 
Banking Belgium ("CBB") segment. As far as companies are concerned, RPBB's perimeter of 
activities has been defined as follows: 
− 
Maximum turn-over : 7.5 Mio €, 
− 
Or maximum TDR/TGA: 5 Mio € (10 Mio € for Real Estate). The open credit risk 
shouldn't exceed 5 Mio €, 
− 
Or no substantial international activities (import/export), 
− 
Or no complex needs for which CBB has a specialized competence. 
In practice however, borderline files will be allocated in common agreement between RPBB 
and Corporate Banking. Clients with complex needs for which only CBB has the specialized 
competences will be systematically allocated to CBB. 
The Professionals & Small Enterprises ("P&S") clients, contrary to some CBB clients, are 
mainly active on the Belgian market and do not have an international profile. This implies that 
they don't need a specialised approach in foreign exchange or foreign trade.  
The P&S-client is served through 2 channels:  
(i) 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, commercialized through a wide network of 
statutory and independent branches, local business centers and contact centers 
(Easy Banking Centers), and 
(ii) 
Fintro, commercialized through a network of agents, who are also acting as 
independent insurance brokers.  
Corporate Banking clients are mainly served from one of the local business centers. 
All credit requests pass through the commercial network. It is the responsibility of the branches 
and business centers to introduce qualitative and complete credit requests in the origination 
tools. A basic principle is that all requests have to comply with: 
(i) 
the local and international laws and regulations,

--- Page 70 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
70 
(ii) 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV procedures and standards regarding reputation, 
sustainability, …  
(iii) 
the BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV credit policies in terms of forbidden, exclusive 
and reserved matters:  
(I) 
forbidden matters are not allowed because the bank, either for strategic 
or legal reasons, has decided as a matter of principle not to enter into a 
relationship with these industries, clients, etc … ; 
(II) 
exclusive matters need an expert opinion by a competence centre (e.g. 
agricultural loans, …); 
(III) 
reserved matters may only be decided by the credit department (e.g. real 
estate projects, …). 
Each credit application for a new credit facility or for the renewal/review of an existing facility 
needs to cover at least the following topics: 
(i) 
Identification of counterparty (on credit risk group level); 
(ii) 
Risk portrait for existing and new credit lines: type / amount / exposure, 
collateral type / amount / value, etc.;  
(iii) 
Qualitative part: shareholders, management reputation and track-record, 
customers, suppliers, market, technology, client relationship history and 
profitability; 
(iv) 
Quantitative part: analysis of balance sheet and P&L (trends, horizontal and 
vertical analysis, ratio analysis on solvency / liquidity / profitability, flow of 
funds analysis, repayment capacity,...); 
(v) 
Optional: advice from third parties, e.g. legal and tax department and 
international trade finance; 
(vi) 
Risk assessment: from the commercial side as well as from the Credit Risk side. 
Once the decision is taken, a contracting sheet is added with additional data for contract 
administration and booking purposes (e.g. account number, interest rate, name of notary, …). 
Granting a credit always means that the repayment capacity is expected either based on the 
analysis of the balance and business sheet, or on the evaluation and interpretation of a complete 
and well-founded business plan. Nevertheless, as the economical evolution is an uncertain 
factor, it is important to fall back on valuable collateral (mortgage, mortgage mandates, pledge 
on business (floating charge), pledge on deposit accounts, …). Collaterals are valued based on 
specific and conservative valuation rules, subject to regular reviews. 
(b) 
Internal Rating System 
Furthermore, each client is assigned a rating which is monthly recalculated. Various Basel II 
compliant models are used to calculate the client's rating. The choice of the appropriate model 
is made automatically by the rating-tool based on the characteristics of the application. 
Overrides of the automatic rating can only exceptionally be decided by the Credit Risk 
department in case of inadequacies in the rating model. The output of the model is an internal

--- Page 71 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
71 
rating comprising 20 grades (17 for non-defaulted borrowers, and 3 for defaulted borrowers). 
Ratings up to 7 are called "blue", ratings between 8 and 10 are called "green", ratings of 11 and 
12 are called "orange", ratings between 13 and 17 are called "red", and ratings between 18 and 
20 are called "black". 
The target regarding the intake quality is to have ca 75% files (to be measured on the requested 
credit amount) with a blue or green rating:  
 
1.2 
Credit Authority 
In the beginning of 2014, existing Retail & Private Banking Belgium (RPBB) and Commercial 
Banking Belgium (CBB) delegation models have been simplified and aligned to increase 
efficiency and promote mutualisation.  
The aim was to optimize the risk management set up with the following main objectives: 
− 
guarantee the continuity of the risk model by enhancing focus of the Business on their 
"First line of defense" and Risk on its "Second line of defense" responsibilities, 
− 
capitalize on existing best practices between CBB and RPBB, 
− 
further reinforce the competence-based organization of the "Risk Filière", 
− 
promote and streamline interactions between Business and Risk, 
− 
define leaner and more efficient processes. 
The objective is also to have a network autonomy ensuring a balance between operational 
efficiency on the one hand and an acceptable credit risk level on the other hand. So the Credit 
Risk department can focus on the applications with the highest credit risk.

--- Page 72 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
72 
The following decision powers are applicable for RPBB and CBB: 
RPBB Decision Levels (in EUR) 
− 
 
CBB Decision Levels (in EUR) 
 
(*) Delegation limits on this level are further subdefined based on rating class instead of rating color. 
Except for some product specific delegations and automated decisions for applications in the 
scope of the acquisition tool ICE³, the amounts mentioned above are to be considered at group 
level. A "group" includes involved parties that must be considered as a whole for credit risk 
evaluation. A group is created when involved parties own (directly or indirectly) a shareholding 
of more than 50 % in other involved parties and/or exercise a control (internal or external) on 
policies of other involved parties. 
The initiative of creating a group is taken by the relationship manager (RPBB branches) or the 
account manager (CBB Business Centres), while the Credit Risk department has the final say 
on the composition of groups. 
According to the credit decision authority required, the decision can be taken automatically by 
the commercial function (product specific delegations, within a pre-approved envelope or within 
the intuiti personae delegations as mentioned in above tables) or needs the intervention of the 
Credit Risk department. Important to notice is that, next to rating and TGA, other risk parameters 
can also lift the decision authority to a higher level, e.g. reserved matters based on type of credit, 
sector or activity, (bad) credit history, tenor, …  
Particularly within RPB: 
Blue
Orange
Red 
Black
Blue
Orange
Red 
Black
Green
Green
2 Eyes commercial network
750.000
375.000
187.500
0
375.000
187.500
93.750
0
2 Eyes Agricultural Division
1.250.000
625.000
312.500
0
625.000
312.500
156.250
0
2 Eyes Credit Risk (Quick Decision)
2.500.000
1.250.000
625.000
0
4 Eyes Business + Risk
·         level Sector director
5.000.000
2.500.000
1.250.000
0
·         level Zone director
10.000.000
5.000.000
2.500.000
2.500.000
·         level Head RPBB
30.000.000
30.000.000
20.000.000
10.000.000
·         level CEO BNPPF
CCDG
Maximum TGA
Maximum Net Direct Risk
Rating
≤ CCDG thresholds
> CCDG thresholds
Rating
Blue
Orange
Red 
Black
Green
2 Eyes commercial network
750.000
375.000
187.500
0
2 Eyes Credit Risk (Quick Decision)
2.500.000
1.250.000
625.000
0
4 Eyes Business + Risk
·         level deputy Business Centre Manager
7.500.000
3.750.000
1.875.000
0
·         level Business Centre Manager
15.000.000
7.500.000
3.750.000
0
·         level Zone director
40.000.000
20.000.000
10.000.000
5.000.000
·         level Head CBB
100.000.000
50.000.000
25.000.000
10.000.000
·         level Head CPBB                                              (*)
500.000.000 100.000.000
50.000.000
15.000.000
·         level CEO BNPPF
CCDG
≤ CCDG thresholds
> CCDG thresholds
Maximum TGA
Rating

--- Page 73 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
73 
− 
the unsecured risk or 'Net Direct Risk'(NDR) is impacting the decision level. To 
calculate the NDR, the global exposure (TGA or 'Total Group Authorization') needs to 
be reduced with the real securities (mortgage, pledge on securities accounts, pledge on 
term deposit or saving accounts, pledge on assets under management) taking into 
account the outlined internal valorization rules. 
− 
the credit authority level is calculated by the origination tool and the applications are 
automatically routed to the appropriate decision level.  
1.3 
Arreas Management of Investment Credit and Installment Credits 
(a) 
Principles 
After the origination phase, the credit is serviced internally by BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
through different business units, according to the following schema:  
 
The payment of amounts due is automatically debited from a BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
account. In case insufficient funds are available on the account, further attempts at debiting are 
done twice a day. 
In case funds remain insufficient on the payment day, the status of the credit is set at 'unpaid' 
while the daily efforts to debit the bank account continue until the file is sent to the recovery 
department (Recovery). In case more than one payment is due and there is a settlement, the 
oldest amount due is paid first. 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV produces daily and monthly follow-up lists of unpaid amounts 
(starting the 3rd day after the first unpaid), which are sent to the relevant commercial entity 
(account manager or branch).  
"Reminder" letters are sent automatically for both clients and potential guarantors. The first 
reminder at 10 days past due, the second at 30 days past due. A third letter is sent 60 days past 
due and serves notice to the client.  
A third letter is sent 60 days after the first missed payment date (so for monthly payer on the 
third missed payment date). This third monthly letter serves notice to the client and a copy is 
sent to the responsible risk management entities: Risk Surveillance Unit ("RSU"), Special 
Credits (SC) or Recovery ("REC") . 
If the client has not settled his arrears after the third letter has been sent, the relevant risk 
management entity is informed at day 75 to assess the file and take a decision (which might be 
the termination of the contract and send the file to Recovery).

--- Page 74 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
74 
In case the underlying collateral is in the form of a mortgage mandate, the decision to convert 
the mandate into a mortgage is made by RSU or Special Credits as early as possible in the 
process. 
If the client settles all of the amounts in arrears in the course of this process, the procedure is 
stopped immediately. 
(b) 
Risk Surveillance Unit (RSU) 
RSU continuously monitors credit files to detect any deterioration of their risk profile by using 
the tool FIRST (Fortis Integrated Risk Surveillance Tool). This tool captures risk related events 
from internal and external sources (e.g. excess drawings, unpaid social premiums, negative 
equity …). By setting weights in function of parameters, a filtering is done and a selection of 
files is presented to the RSU officers for assessment and further investigation. This allows RSU 
to take or propose risk mitigating actions and to classify the file correctly and when necessary 
to transfer it to Special Credits or Recovery.  
In the Basel II framework, obligatory triggers lead imperatively to a reclassification of the 
obligor to 'impaired'. Judgmental triggers lead possibly to such a reclassification, but this is 
depending on the decision of the competent authority. Obligors are reclassified to 'impaired' in 
case of:  
• 
the presence of one or more obligatory triggers,  
• 
default situation of the obligor in another entity of the BNPP-Fortis-group (contagion)  
• 
an obligor belonging to a group with (a) defaulted obligor(s) in SC (contagion)  
• 
the presence of three or more judgmental triggers,  
• 
expert judgment to reclassify.  
 
Obligatory Triggers
Bankruptcy
Unpaid social premiums, VAT, taxes
Legal action by other creditors
Chapter 11 (& alike)
Excess drawings or unpaid interest/principal
Other banks requesting collateral
90 days past due
Deterioration to an orange rating
Non-respect of important commitments
Other banks calling their lines
Existance of a red rating
Auditor's qualification
Distressed debt restructuring
Negative equity
Request for consolidation or re-negotiation of credits
Material fraud
Regular Payment problems
Loss or death of a key manager
Improper use of credit lines
Judgmental Triggers

--- Page 75 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
75 
Classification decision tree: 
 
 
 
(c) 
Special Credits (SC) 
 
Obligatory Triggers
Bankruptcy
Unpaid social premiums, VAT, taxes
Legal action by other creditors
Chapter 11 (& alike)
Excess drawings or unpaid interest/principal
Other banks requesting collateral
90 days past due
Deterioration to an orange rating
Non-respect of important commitments
Other banks calling their lines
Existance of a red rating
Auditor's qualification
Distressed debt restructuring
Negative equity
Request for consolidation or re-negotiation of credits
Material fraud
Regular Payment problems
Loss or death of a key manager
Improper use of credit lines
Judgmental Triggers

--- Page 76 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
76 
At a certain point in time, files can be transferred to the Special Credits department. This transfer 
is decided either in a formal credit committee process or in the RSU files handling process. In a 
lot of cases this operational transfer is linked with a classification of the file in 'default'. 
When a file is transferred to Special Credits, the client facing is taken over by the Special Credits 
Expert. So the file is treated outside of the normal commercial relation. Special Credits operates 
in an independent way but will submit its credit requests to the appropriate decision authority, 
as defined in the Credit Delegation Model. 
At intake of a file, Special Credits makes an assessment on the chances on continuity of the 
client. If Special Credits thinks it is unlikely that the client can be cured, an individual loan loss 
reserve (ILLR) will be booked to cover the calculated unsecured risk and this in conformity with 
the accounting principles. At each important event or at least each quarter, the file is reassessed 
to determine whether an ILLR should be booked or whether an existing LLR should be increased 
or decreased. For files under EUR 50,000 there is no ILLR booked, but a global one on portfolio 
basis. 
The first goal of Special Credits is to reduce the unsecured risk, (negotiate additional collateral, 
decrease credit lines,…) in close collaboration with the borrower. 
Files handled in the Special Credits can either (i) stay within Special Credits and be fully repaid, 
or (ii) go back to the business (cured), or (iii) be handed over to the Recovery Department if the 
situation cannot be improved. 
Special Credits works on a credit group approach and will take responsibility for the entire 
relationship (but will delegate daily banking tasks). Its main responsibilities are to: 
• 
reduce the unsecured risk, 
• 
maximize the risk return by adapting margins and fees to the increased risk without 
jeopardizing long-term relationships,  
• 
manage loan loss provisions, and 
• 
maximize the transition rate, i.e. remedy the problem and return the file to the business. 
The average handling time of a file is 24-36 months. 
(d) 
Recovery 
 
 
 
The provisioning process starts as soon as a file is submitted to Special Credits (SC). The aim 
of SC is to bring problem files back to the business (historically, two thirds of all SC files return 
to the business). If it is impossible to return the file to the business, the file is transferred to the 
Recovery department that performs the denunciation of the loan and starts up the recovery of 
the claim by using the collaterals. 
File 
transferred 
to 
Recovery
Calling 
Credits
Determining 
the Recovery    
strategy
Determining 
Value of 
Securities 
and LLR
Management 
of the 
Recovery 
file
Claims
reimbursed / 
Written off
/ Discharging 
Debtor
Close 
File

--- Page 77 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
77 
Provisions cover the non-performing portfolio. This means that they are made for clients or files 
for which it is reasonable to think that the bank will not be able to recover the outstanding debt 
in full.  
The amount of the provisions is assessed on a continuous basis, based on the evolution of the 
prospects of the file and on an expert based valuation of the collaterals.  
The administration and settlement of files without any collateral or with just a personal 
guarantee are immediately sold to Aremas. All other files are entirely handled by BNP Paribas 
Fortis SA/NV Recovery Experts.

--- Page 78 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
78 
OVERVIEW OF THE BELGIAN MARKET FOR SME LOANS 
As in other EU countries, SMEs dominate the Belgian business economy, accounting for about 63% of 
value added and more than 69% of employment. While their proportion of the number of all enterprises 
is identical to the EU average of 99.8%, they contribute 2%points more to employment and 7%points 
more to overall value added than their EU counterparts. This is especially due to the contribution of 
microenterprises. 
Within BNP Paribas Fortis, the self-employed, liberal professions and companies with a turnover of up 
to EUR 7.5 million are served within Ondernemersbank/La Banque des Entrepreneurs. Companies with 
a turnover between EUR 7.5 million and EUR 250 million are served within Commercial Banking. 
BNP Paribas Fortis is a leading player within the Belgian entrepreneurial market. Within 
Ondernemersbank/La Banque des Entrepreneurs, it currently serves more than 430,000 professional 
customers and granted more than 5 billion professional loans in 2021. 
 
Source: Fact Sheet for Belgium of the European Commission (2022 and earlier versions), WTO, Eurostat 
According to the WTO, Belgian SMEs are very open to international trade. More than 80% of the goods 
produced in Belgium are exported. This exposes SMEs more to world events be it positive or negative. 
The support of the Belgian State and Regions has been massive. It took various forms such as short-
time work scheme, loans, payment delays, tax advantages, guarantees, and subsidies. After a sharp 
decline in 2020, SMEs in Belgium recovered significantly in 2021, with value added increasing by 
15.4% and employment by 2.0%. While employment in the retail and tourism ecosystems recovered 
slightly by 0.6% and 0.1% respectively in 2021, SME value added increased strongly by 13.5% and 
15.0%. The recovery follows a sharp decline in SME value added in 2020 by 11.2% in the retail 
ecosystem and 12.1% in the tourism ecosystem. 
Based on data from early 2022, it was expected that this year SME value added and SME employment 
in Belgium would continue to grow by 5.1% and 0.3% respectively, but Russia's war of aggression 
against Ukraine will affect these estimates. 
Belgian SME's are more digitised than the European average: E-commerce commands a high share of 
total sales, firms provide IT-training and employ many specialists. In addition these firms report having 
strong access to finance, even if smaller firms and self-employed sometimes struggle to obtain credits.  
The main challenges for Belgian SMEs are high labour costs and skill-mismatch on the labour market. 
Labour costs are set to increase a lot faster than those in neighbouring countries as a result of automatic 
wage-indexation. According to Eurostat, Belgium is one of the EU countries with the lowest share of 
graduates in tertiary education in science, math, computing, engineering, manufacturing, construction. 
In addition, Belgian SMEs' eco-innovation is hindered by difficulties imposed by the inter-regional 
coordination, a lack of related skills, a limited control over product design for most products entering 
the market and the very low environmental taxation.

--- Page 79 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
79 
PORTFOLIO REVIEW 
If a Portfolio Review Event occurs, Fitch may at its discretion review the then current pool of SME 
Receivables sold to the Issuer by means of a regular review of the portfolio on a loan-by-loan basis. The 
Issuer is obliged to cooperate with this review and undertake to use reasonable efforts to provide Fitch 
with the requested information. 
A Portfolio Review Event means any of the following events: 
(a) 
a half calendar year has passed since (i) the previous Portfolio Review Event occurred, or (ii) if 
no Portfolio Review Event has occurred, the Programme Closing Date; or 
(b) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Loans on any date has increased by 10 per cent. 
or more since the date of the last Portfolio Review Event; or 
(c) 
the amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account is less than the Reserve Account Target 
Amount; or 
(d) 
if a new Series and Class or Sub-class of Notes is issued in order to fund the purchase of New 
SME Receivables; or 
(e) 
if new types of SME loan products are included in the pool, which have not been described 
herein or in any supplemental prospectus hereto or if a new Seller accedes to the Programme; 
or 
(f) 
if a Seller materially changes its underwriting/lending criteria; or 
(g) 
any time Fitch requests to review the pool of SME Loans.

--- Page 80 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
80 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME STRUCTURE 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
1. 
SME LOAN INTEREST RATES 
The SME Loans bear interest on a fixed rate basis (in certain cases, subject to reset from time 
to time on dates agreed with the Borrower). Interest rates vary between individual SME Loans. 
The actual amount of interest received by the Issuer will vary during the life of the Programme 
as a result of the level of delinquencies, defaults, repayments and prepayments and purchase of 
New SME Receivables. Similarly, the actual amounts payable under the Interest Priority of 
Payments will vary during the life of the transaction as a result of fluctuations in EURIBOR and 
possible variations in certain other costs and expenses of the Issuer. The eventual effect of such 
variations in certain other costs and expenses of the Issuer could lead to non-payment of certain 
items under the Interest Priority of Payments. 
2. 
CASH COLLECTION ARRANGEMENTS 
2.1 
All payments made by Borrowers are to be paid into the collection account(s) of the Seller 
(together with other banks with whom a Seller collection account is maintained, the "Seller 
Collection Account Providers" and each a "Seller Collection Account Provider")(the "Seller 
Collection Account(s)"). Such Seller Collection Account(s) may also be used for the collection 
of monies paid in respect of SME loans other than the SME Loans and in respect of other monies 
belonging to the Seller. 
2.2 
On each Collection Payment Date, the Seller shall, inter alia, transfer (or procure that the 
relevant Pool Servicer transfers on its behalf) all amounts of interest, including any prepayment 
penalties and penalty interest and principal received by the Seller since the last Collection 
Payment Date (or since the Initial Cut-off Date in case of the first Collection Payment Date) in 
respect of the SME Receivables and paid to the Seller Collection Accounts to the Issuer 
Collection Account. 
2.3 
"Collection Payment Date" means, in respect of a Monthly Collection Period, at least one day 
occurring during such Monthly Collection Period. 
2.4 
"Monthly Collection Period" means the period commencing on (and including) the first day 
of each calendar month and ending on (and including) the last day of the same calendar month, 
except for the first Monthly Collection Period which commenced on (and include) 29 November 
2009 (the "Initial Cut-off Date") and ended on (and include) 31 January 2010. 
2.5 
If at any time a Seller Collection Account Provider Rating Downgrade Event occurs, then the 
Seller will, to maintain the then current ratings assigned to the Notes at least at the Minimum 
Ratings or, if the then current ratings of the Notes are lower than the Minimum Ratings, to 
maintain the then current ratings assigned to the Notes, within thirty (30) calendar days of any 
such event, either: (i) ensure that payments to be made in respect of amounts received on the 
collection account relating to the relevant SME Receivables will be guaranteed by a party having 
at least the Seller Collection Account Provider Required Rating; or (ii) procure that all payments 
paid into the Seller Collection Accounts are transferred on or before the next Business Day into 
the Issuer Collection Account; or (iii) implement any other actions to maintain the then current 
ratings assigned to the Notes at least at the Minimum Ratings or, if the then current ratings of 
the Notes are lower than the Minimum Ratings, to maintain the then current ratings assigned to 
the Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
81 
3. 
ISSUER ACCOUNTS 
3.1 
Issuer Collection Account 
(a) 
The Issuer has agreed to maintain with the GIC Provider the Issuer Collection Account 
to which all amounts received: 
(i) 
in respect of the SME Receivables; and  
(ii) 
from the other parties to the Relevant Documents will be paid. 
(b) 
The Administrator has agreed to identify all amounts paid into the Issuer Collection 
Account by crediting such amounts to ledgers (or separate accounts) established for 
such purpose based on the information provided by the Pool Servicer. Payments 
received in respect of the SME Receivables will be identified as principal or revenue 
receipts and credited to the Principal Ledger or the Revenue Ledger, respectively. 
(c) 
The Issuer has agreed to, at its option and provided that the Seller has given its prior 
written consent, invest the funds on the balance of the Issuer Accounts into euro 
denominated securities, subject to certain conditions, including that such securities may 
not have a maturity beyond the immediately succeeding Note Payment Date and that 
such securities have been assigned the Eligible Investments Minimum Ratings (the 
"Eligible Investments").  
(d) 
Payments from the Issuer Collection Account other than on a Note Payment Date, may 
only be made to satisfy: 
(i) 
amounts due to third parties (other than pursuant to the Relevant Documents) 
and under obligations incurred in the Issuer's business;  
(ii) 
amounts applied towards the purchase of New SME Receivables in accordance 
with the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement;  
(iii) 
early redemption of Series-0 Notes as described below; and 
(iv) 
investments in Eligible Investments. 
(e) 
The Issuer has agreed to also maintain with the GIC Provider the Reserve Account (see 
below). 
3.2 
Reserve Account 
The net proceeds of the Reserve Fund Notes will be credited to the Reserve Account held with 
the GIC Provider. The purpose of the Reserve Account will be to enable the Issuer to meet the 
Issuer's payment obligations under items (a) up to and including (o) in the Interest Priority of 
Payments in the event of a shortfall of the Interest Available Amount on a Note Payment Date, 
and to repay the Reserve Fund Notes.  
If and to the extent that the Interest Available Amount on any Note Calculation Date exceeds 
the amounts required to meet items (a) up to and including (o) of the Interest Priority of 
Payments, such excess amount will be used to replenish the Reserve Account by crediting such 
amount to the Reserve Account up to the Reserve Account Target Level.

--- Page 82 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
82 
If and to the extent that the amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account on any Note 
Payment Date is higher than the Reserve Account Target Level, such excess will be debited 
from the Reserve Account on such Note Payment Date and will be included in the Interest 
Available Amount for this Note Payment Date. 
The "Reserve Account Target Level" shall, on any date, be equal to the sum of (i) the higher 
of (a) the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Reserve Fund Notes of all Series that 
are outstanding on such date, taking into account any redemptions and any issuances of Reserve 
Fund Notes to be made on such date, and (b) the Class D Required Subordination Amount, and 
(ii) the aggregate amount of Loan Loss Reserve related to all SME Receivables on such date.. 
The "Loan Loss Reserve" means, in relation to a SME Receivable, the valuation reserve as 
calculated by the Pool Servicer in its daily operations, representing the amount needed to cover 
estimated losses in relation to such SME Receivable. 
The Reserve Account will be debited on the Maturity Date of a Series and Class or Sub-class of 
Reserve Fund Notes subject to the Repayment Test, or if such Repayment Test fails, on the first 
Note Payment Date on which such Repayment Test is satisfied (such debit being referred to as 
"Reserve Account Repayment Debit") with an amount equal to the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Reserve Fund Notes of that Series and Class or Sub-class, less any Reserve 
Fund Shortfall related to such Series and Class or Sub-class, after giving effect to any issue of 
Reserve Fund Notes on such date and any other drawing from the Reserve Account on such 
date. The amount of the Reserve Account Repayment Debit shall be applied towards the 
redemption of the Reserve Fund Notes of the relevant Series and Class or Sub-class outside of 
the Interest Priority of Payments. 
If the Issuer fails to redeem a Reserve Fund Note in full (except for any Reserve Fund Shortfall 
related to such Note) on its Maturity Date, then on such date and on each Note Payment Date 
thereafter, the Issuer shall apply items (q), (r) and (s) of the Interest Priority of Payments to 
redeem such Reserve Fund Note until redeemed in full. The Issuer shall use its best efforts to 
issue new Reserve Fund Notes, or, if the Issuer is unable to issue sufficient new Reserve Fund 
Notes, to sell SME Receivables to the extent necessary, in order to meet the Repayment Test 
and to be able to redeem the Reserve Fund Notes on their Maturity Date. 
On any date, the difference, if positive, between (i) the amount standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Account and (ii) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Reserve Fund Notes, after 
giving effect to any issue of Notes on such date and any other drawing from the Reserve Account 
on such date, will be referred to as "Additional Reserve Fund Amount". 
3.3 
Substitution of GIC Provider 
If at any time a GIC Provider Rating Downgrade Event occurs, then the GIC Provider will use 
its best efforts within sixty (60) calendar days of any such event: 
(a) 
to obtain a third party, having at least the GIC Provider Required Rating to guarantee 
the obligations of the GIC Provider; or  
(b) 
to find an alternative GIC provider acceptable to the Security Agent. 
4. 
INTEREST CASH FLOWS 
On each third Business Day prior to a Note Payment Date (in respect of such Note Payment 
Date, a "Note Calculation Date") the Administrator will calculate the sum of the following

--- Page 83 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
83 
amounts received or held by it in relation to the related Note Collection Period (items (i) up to 
and including (x) together the "Interest Available Amount"): 
(i) 
as interest, including any prepayment penalties and penalty interest, on the SME 
Receivables; 
(ii) 
as interest credited to the Issuer Accounts, and as revenue on any Eligible 
Investments; 
(iii) 
as Net Proceeds on any SME Receivables, to the extent such proceeds do not 
relate to principal; 
(iv) 
as amounts to be received from the Interest Swap Counterparty under the 
relevant Interest Swap Agreements on the immediately succeeding Note 
Payment Date, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any collateral transferred 
pursuant to such Interest Swap Agreement; 
(v) 
as amounts received in connection with a repurchase of SME Receivables 
pursuant to the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement to the extent such 
amounts do not relate to principal or any other amounts to be received pursuant 
to the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement to the extent such amounts do not 
relate to principal; 
(vi) 
as amounts to be received on the immediately following Note Payment Date in 
connection with a sale of SME Receivables to the extent such amounts do not 
relate to principal; 
(vii) 
as amounts received as Post Foreclosure Proceeds on SME Receivables;  
(viii) 
as amounts to be drawn from the Reserve Account on the immediately 
following Note Payment Date, other than the Reserve Account Repayment 
Debits; 
(ix) 
on the Note Calculation Date immediately preceding the Note Payment Date on 
which all Notes will be redeemed in full (subject to Condition 9.2), the 
remaining balance to the credit of the Issuer Accounts, if any; and 
(x) 
any amount exceeding the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Notes 
in relation to an issuance of such Notes during the Interest Period related to the 
immediately following Note Payment Date, in case the issue price of such Notes 
is higher than 100%. 
"Interest Period" means in relation to a Note Payment Date, the Period between (and 
excluding) the last Note Payment Date until (and including) this Note Payment Date. 
"Note Collection Period" means in relation to a Note Payment Date, the three successive 
Monthly Collection Periods preceding such Note Payment Date. 
"Net Proceeds" means, in relation to an SME Receivable, the proceeds of foreclosure on any 
collateral securing such SME Receivable or any other assets of the relevant Borrower, including 
but not limited to  
(a) 
the proceeds of a foreclosure on the related mortgage right;

--- Page 84 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
84 
(b) 
the proceeds, if any, of collection of any insurance policies in connection with the SME 
Receivable; 
(c) 
the proceeds of foreclosure on any other Related Security; and  
(d) 
the proceeds of any other guarantees or sureties, in all cases after deduction of 
foreclosure costs and to the exclusion of Post Foreclosure Proceeds. 
"Post Foreclosure Proceeds" means any amounts received, recovered or collected from a 
Borrower in respect of an SME Receivable in addition to Net Proceeds, whether in relation to 
interest, principal or otherwise, following a Realised Loss in respect of the SME Receivable. 
5. 
INTEREST PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS 
Prior to the delivery of an Enforcement Notice, the Interest Available Amount calculated on a 
Note Calculation Date shall be applied by the Issuer on the immediately succeeding Note 
Payment Date as follows (in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of 
a higher order of priority have been made in full) (the "Interest Priority of Payments"): 
(a) 
in or towards satisfaction, pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, of the 
fees or other remuneration due and payable to the Directors and any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses incurred by the Security Agent; 
(b) 
in or towards satisfaction, pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, of fees 
and expenses due and payable to the Administrator and the Pool Servicer under the 
Servicing Agreement; 
(c) 
in or towards satisfaction, pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, of any 
amounts due and payable to third parties under obligations incurred in the Issuer 's 
business (other than under the Relevant Documents), including, without limitation, in 
or towards satisfaction of sums due or provisions for any payment of the Issuer 's 
liability, if any, to tax and the fees and expenses of the Rating Agencies and any legal 
advisor, auditor and accountant appointed by the Issuer or the Security Agent; 
(d) 
in or towards satisfaction of amounts, if any, due but unpaid under the Interest Swap 
Agreements, except for any termination payment due or payable under (t) below as a 
result of the occurrence of an (a) Event of Default where the Interest Swap Counterparty 
is the Defaulting Party or (b) an Interest Swap Counterparty Rating Downgrade Event, 
including a Settlement Amount (as defined in the Interest Swap Agreement) (an 
"Interest Swap Counterparty Default Payment"); 
(e) 
in or towards satisfaction, pro rata, of interest due in respect of the Class A Notes; 
(f) 
in or towards making good, any shortfall reflected in the Class A Principal Deficiency 
Ledger until the debit balance thereof, if any, is reduced to zero; 
(g) 
in or towards satisfaction, pro rata, of interest due in respect of the Class B Notes; 
(h) 
in or towards making good, any shortfall reflected in the Class B Principal Deficiency 
Ledger until the debit balance thereof, if any, is reduced to zero; 
(i) 
in or towards satisfaction, pro rata, of interest due in respect of the Class C Notes;

--- Page 85 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
85 
(j) 
in or towards making good, any shortfall reflected in the Class C Principal Deficiency 
Ledger until the debit balance thereof, if any, is reduced to zero; 
(k) 
in or towards satisfaction, pro rata, of interest due in respect of the Class D Notes; 
(l) 
in or towards making good, any shortfall reflected in the Class D Principal Deficiency 
Ledger until the debit balance thereof, if any, is reduced to zero; 
(m) 
in or towards satisfaction, pro rata, of interest due in respect of the Class E Notes; 
(n) 
in or towards satisfaction, pro rata, of interest due in respect of the Class F Notes; 
(o) 
in or towards satisfaction, pro rata, of interest due in respect of the Class G Notes; 
(p) 
in or towards satisfaction of amounts to be deposited on the Reserve Account until the 
Reserve Account reaches the Reserve Account Target Level; 
(q) 
in or towards satisfaction of principal due under the Class E Notes, in case such Notes 
have not been redeemed in full (for the avoidance of doubt, except for any Reserve Fund 
Shortfall) at their Maturity Date, or after a Trigger Event; 
(r) 
in or towards satisfaction of principal due under the Class F Notes, in case such Notes 
have not been redeemed in full (for the avoidance of doubt, except for any Reserve Fund 
Shortfall) at their Maturity Date, or after a Trigger Event; 
(s) 
in or towards satisfaction of principal due under the Class G Notes, in case such Notes 
have not been redeemed in full (for the avoidance of doubt, except for any Reserve Fund 
Shortfall) at their Maturity Date, or after a Trigger Event 
(t) 
in or towards satisfaction of the Interest Swap Counterparty Default Payment ; and 
(u) 
in or towards satisfaction of a Deferred Purchase Price Instalment to the Seller. 
6. 
PRINCIPAL CASH FLOWS 
"Principal Available Amount", in relation to any Principal Period, shall be equal to the sum of 
the following amounts (as referred to under items (i) up to and including (viii)) received or held 
by the Issuer in relation to such period: 
(i) 
as repayment and prepayment of principal under the SME Receivables; 
(ii) 
if the Principal Period includes a Note Payment Date, any amounts to be credited to the 
Principal Deficiency Ledger on such Note Payment Date; 
(iii) 
as Net Proceeds on any SME Receivable, to the extent such proceeds relate to principal; 
(iv) 
as amounts received in connection with a repurchase of SME Receivables by the Seller 
and any other amounts received pursuant to the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement 
to the extent such amounts relate to principal; 
(v) 
as amounts received in connection with a sale of SME Receivables to the extent such 
amounts relate to principal;

--- Page 86 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
86 
(vi) 
any part of the Principal Available Amounts in relation to a previous Principal Period 
which has not been applied towards payment of the relevant Notes (other than Reserve 
Fund Notes) or purchase of New SME Receivables; and 
(vii) 
the net proceeds from an issuance of Notes (other than Reserve Fund Notes) other than 
amounts referred to under item (x) of the Interest Available Amount. 
"Principal Period" means, in respect of any date, the period between the last date (excluding) 
on which any amount was applied in accordance with the Principal Priority of Payments and 
such date (including). 
"Principal Priority of Payments" means the Principal Priority of Payments prior to a Trigger 
Event or the Principal Priority of Payments after a Trigger Event, as applicable. 
7. 
PURCHASE OF NEW SME RECEIVABLES 
Following the Programme Closing Date and prior to the earlier of (i) the delivery of an 
Enforcement Notice and (ii) the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Issuer will be entitled to 
purchase New SME Receivables from the Seller up to the Purchase Available Amount (as 
defined Sale of the SME Loans - 1 Purchase of SME Receivables and New SME Receivables 
below). 
8. 
PRINCIPAL AVAILABLE AMOUNT FOR REDEMPTION OF PASS-THROUGH 
NOTES 
8.1 
The amount available for redemption of the Pass-Through Notes on a Note Payment Date will, 
in the case of mandatory redemption within the meaning of Condition 6.2 (Mandatory 
redemption), be equal to the sum of the Pass-through Principal Available Amounts. 
8.2 
The "Pass-through Principal Available Amount" on a Note Payment Date is the sum of the 
Pass-through Payable Amounts since the preceding Note Payment Date. 
8.3 
The amount available for redemption of Class A Pass-through Notes by the Issuer on each Note 
Payment Date (the "Class A Pass-through Notes Principal Available Amount") will, if the 
Pro-rata Condition is satisfied, be equal to: 
A x B / C, where: 
A = the Pass-through Principal Available Amount; 
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class A Pass-through Notes outstanding at such 
Note Payment Date; 
C = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Pass-through Notes, outstanding at such Note 
Payment Date. 
8.4 
The amount available for redemption of Class B Pass-through Notes by the Issuer on each Note 
Payment Date (the "Class B Pass-through Notes Principal Available Amount") will, if the 
Pro-rata Condition is satisfied, be equal to: 
A x B / C, where: 
A = the Pass-through Principal Available Amount;

--- Page 87 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
87 
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class B Pass-through Notes outstanding at such 
Note Payment Date; 
C = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Pass-through Notes, outstanding at such Note 
Payment Date. 
8.5 
The amount available for redemption of Class C Pass-through Notes by the Issuer on each Note 
Payment Date (the "Class C Pass-through Notes Principal Available Amount") will, if the 
Pro-rata Condition is satisfied, be equal to: 
A x B / C, where: 
A = the Pass-through Principal Available Amount; 
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class C Pass-through Notes outstanding at such 
Note Payment Date; 
C = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Pass-through Notes, outstanding at such Note 
Payment Date. 
8.6 
The amount available for redemption of Class D Pass-through Notes by the Issuer on each Note 
Payment Date (the "Class D Pass-through Notes Principal Available Amount") will, if the 
Pro-rata Condition is satisfied, be equal to: 
A x B/C, where: 
A = the Pass-through Principal Available Amount; 
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class D Pass-through Notes outstanding at such 
Note Payment Date; 
C = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Pass-through Notes, outstanding at such Note 
Payment Date. 
8.7 
If the Pro-rata Condition is not satisfied, the Pass-through Principal Available Amount will be 
applied to redeem the Pass-through Notes on a sequential basis. 
8.8 
"Pass-through Payable Amount" shall mean, on any date, the product between: 
(i) 
the Pass-through percentage on that date; and 
(ii) 
an amount equal to the Principal Available Amounts of the Principal Period 
related to such date, excluding items (vi) and (vii). 
8.9 
The "Pass-through Percentage" shall mean, on any date, (x) the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of all Pass-through Notes on such date (prior to giving effect to any issuance or repayment on 
such date), less (i) any amount remaining on the Principal Deficiency Ledger on the previous 
Note Payment Date or, if such date is a Note Payment Date, on this date, to the extent attributable 
to the Pass-through Notes and less (ii) the sum of the Pass-through Payable Amounts since the 
last Note Payment Date (excluding the Pass-through Payable Amount calculated on such date), 
divided by (y) the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes (excluding the Reserve Fund 
Notes) on such date, less (i) any amount remaining on the Principal Deficiency Ledger on the 
previous Note Payment Date or, if such date is a Note Payment Date, on this date (for the 
avoidance of doubt, prior to giving effect to any issuance or repayment on such date, but after

--- Page 88 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
88 
the application of the Interest Priority of Payments) and less (ii) the amount standing to the credit 
of the Principal Ledger at the end of the immediately preceding Principal Period. 
8.10 
The "Pro-rata Condition" shall mean, in respect of a Note Payment Date, that (i) the amount 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account is at least equal to the Reserve Account Target 
Level after application of the Interest Priority of Payments, (ii) if in respect of a Series and Class 
or, if applicable, Sub-class of Notes, other than the Reserve Fund Notes, a Step-up Date has 
occurred, all Notes to which such Step-up Date relates are redeemed in full subject to Condition 
9.2, and (iii) if, in respect of a Series and Class or, if applicable, Sub-class of Reserve Fund 
Notes, a Maturity Date has occurred, all Notes to which such Maturity Date relates are redeemed 
in full subject to Condition 9.2 (Principal). 
9. 
PRINCIPAL PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS PRIOR TO A TRIGGER EVENT 
Prior to the occurrence of a Trigger Event and the delivery of an Enforcement Notice, the 
Principal Available Amounts will be applied by the Issuer on any date where principal becomes 
due under the Notes (other than Reserve Fund Notes) or on any Purchase Date as follows (in 
each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been 
made in full) (the "Principal Priority of Payments prior to a Trigger Event"): 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of principal due under the Class A Notes; 
(b) 
second, in or towards satisfaction of principal due under the Class B Notes; 
(c) 
third, in or towards satisfaction of principal due under the Class C Notes; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction of principal due under the Class D Notes; 
(e) 
fifth, in or towards the payment of the Initial Purchase Price in respect of New SME 
Receivables.  
10. 
PRINCIPAL PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS AFTER A TRIGGER EVENT 
10.1 
After the occurrence of a Trigger Event and before delivery of an Enforcement Notice, the 
Principal Available Amounts will be applied by the Issuer on any date or which principal 
becomes due under the Notes (other than reserve Fund Notes) as follows (and in each case only 
if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full) (the 
"Principal Priority of Payments after a Trigger Event"): 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction, on a pro rata basis, of principal due under the Class A 
Notes until fully repaid; 
(b) 
second, in or towards satisfaction, on a pro rata basis, of principal due under the Class 
B Notes until fully repaid; 
(c) 
third, in or towards satisfaction, on a pro rata basis, of principal due under the Class C 
Notes until fully repaid; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction, on a pro rata basis, of principal due under the Class 
D Notes until fully repaid. 
10.2 
"Trigger Event" means any of the following events: 
(a) 
an amount is debited to the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger;

--- Page 89 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
89 
(b) 
the Seller takes any corporate action or other steps are taken or legal proceedings are 
started or threatened against it for its dissolution and liquidation or any of its assets are 
placed under administration;  
(c) 
the Seller has taken any corporate action or any steps have been taken or legal 
proceedings have been commenced against it for the entering into suspension of 
payments, or if applicable, reorganisation measures or for bankruptcy or for any 
analogous insolvency proceedings under any applicable law or for the appointment of a 
receiver or a similar officer of it or of any or all of its assets;  
(d) 
the appointment of the Pool Servicer is terminated in accordance with the Servicing 
Agreement and no substitute pool servicer is appointed and enters into an agreement 
with the Issuer and the Security Agent substantially on the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement within sixty (60) days following such termination;  
(e) 
on a given Note Payment Date, after application of the Pass-through Principal Available 
Amount in accordance with the Principal Priority of Payments, an amount remains 
standing to the credit of the Issuer Collection Account which is in excess of an amount 
equal to 10 per cent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Soft-bullet Notes, other 
than the Reserve Fund Notes, on such Note Payment Date, and if such an excess amount 
has been continuously outstanding on the Issuer Collection Account for at least six (6) 
months prior to the relevant Note Payment Date; or 
(f) 
more than 2 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the SME Loans 
is in arrears for more than 90 days. 
11. 
PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS UPON ENFORCEMENT 
Following delivery of an Enforcement Notice, any amounts payable by the Issuer will be paid 
to the Secured Parties (including the Noteholders) in the following order of priority (and in each 
case only if and to the extent payments of a higher priority have been made in full) (the "Priority 
of Payments upon Enforcement"): 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, 
of  
(i) 
the fees or other remuneration due to the Directors,  
(ii) 
any cost, charge, liability and expenses incurred by the Security Agent under or 
in connection with any of the Relevant Documents, which will include, inter 
alia, fees and expenses of the Rating Agencies, any legal advisor, auditor or 
accountant appointed by the Security Agent,  
(iii) 
the fees and expenses of the Domiciliary Agent and the Reference Agent 
incurred under the provisions of the Domiciliary Agency Agreement, and 
(iv) 
the fees and expenses of the Administrator and the Pool Servicer under the 
Servicing Agreement; 
(b) 
second, in or towards satisfaction of amounts, pro rata, if any, due but unpaid under the 
Interest Swap Agreements, except for any Interest Swap Counterparty Default Payments 
payable under subparagraph (q) below;

--- Page 90 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
90 
(c) 
third, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of interest due in respect of the Class A 
Notes; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of principal and any other amount due 
but unpaid in respect of the Class A Notes; 
(e) 
fifth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of interest due or accrued due but unpaid 
in respect of the Class B Notes; 
(f) 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of principal and any other amount due 
but unpaid in respect of the Class B Notes; 
(g) 
seventh, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of interest due or accrued due but 
unpaid in respect of the Class C Notes; 
(h) 
eight, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of principal and any other amount due 
but unpaid in respect of the Class C Notes; 
(i) 
ninth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of interest due or accrued due but unpaid 
in respect of the Class D Notes; 
(j) 
tenth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of principal and any other amount due 
but unpaid in respect of the Class D Notes; 
(k) 
eleventh, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of interest due or accrued due but 
unpaid in respect of the Class E Notes; 
(l) 
twelfth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of principal and any other amount due 
but unpaid in respect of the Class E Notes; 
(m) 
thirteenth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of interest due or accrued due but 
unpaid in respect of the Class F Notes; 
(n) 
fourteenth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of principal and any other amount 
due but unpaid in respect of the Class F Notes; 
(o) 
fifteenth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of interest due or accrued due but 
unpaid in respect of the Class G Notes; 
(p) 
sixteenth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of principal and any other amount 
due but unpaid in respect of the Class G Notes; 
(q) 
seventeenth, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata, of the Interest Swap Counterparty 
Default Payments payable to the Swap Counterparties under the terms of the Swap 
Agreements; and 
(r) 
eighteenth, in or towards satisfaction of the Deferred Purchase Price Instalments to the 
Seller, as the case may be. 
12. 
INTEREST DEFICIENCY LEDGER AND PRINCIPAL DEFICIENCY LEDGER 
An Interest Deficiency Ledger (the "Interest Deficiency Ledger") comprising six sub-ledgers, 
known as the "Class B Interest Deficiency Ledger", the "Class C Interest Deficiency 
Ledger", the "Class D Interest Deficiency Ledger", the "Class E Interest Deficiency

--- Page 91 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
91 
Ledger", the "Class F Interest Deficiency Ledger", and the "Class G Interest Deficiency 
Ledger" respectively, has been established by or on behalf of the Issuer in order to record any 
amounts of unpaid interest on the (relevant Class of) Notes (other than the Class A Notes) (an 
"Interest Deficiency" ). 
A Principal Deficiency Ledger comprising four sub-ledgers, known as the "Class A Principal 
Deficiency Ledger", the "Class B Principal Deficiency Ledger", the "Class C Principal 
Deficiency Ledger" and the "Class D Principal Deficiency Ledger" respectively, has been 
established by or on behalf of the Issuer in order to record any Realised Losses (as defined 
below) on the SME Receivables, including Realised Losses on the sale of SME Receivables 
(each respectively the "Class A Principal Deficiency", the "Class B Principal Deficiency", the 
"Class C Principal Deficiency" and the "Class D Principal Deficiency", together a "Principal 
Deficiency").  
Any Realised Loss has to be debited to the Class D Principal Deficiency Ledger (such debit 
items being re-credited at item (l) of the Interest Priority of Payments) so long as the debit 
balance on such sub-ledger is less than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class D Notes 
and thereafter such amounts have to be debited to the Class C Principal Deficiency Ledger (such 
debit items being re-credited at item (j) of the Interest Priority of Payments) so long as the debit 
balance on such sub-ledger is less than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class C Notes 
and thereafter such amounts have to be debited to the Class B Principal Deficiency Ledger (such 
debit items being re-credited at item (h) of the Interest Priority of Payments), so long as the debit 
balance on such sub-ledger is less than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes 
and thereafter such amounts have to be debited to the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger (such 
debit items being re-credited at item (f) of the Interest Priority of Payments). 
If on any date the Notes of a Series and Class or Sub-class (other than the Reserve Fund Notes) 
are redeemed and such Notes are repaid in full (for the avoidance of doubt, except for any 
Principal Deficiency), then the Principal Deficiency Ledgers of the relevant Class will be 
reduced with the amount equal to the unpaid Principal Deficiency on such Notes of such Class 
or Sub-class (if any). 
On each Note Payment Date the amounts credited to the Principal Deficiency Ledger as items 
(f),(h), (j) and (l) of the Interest Priority of Payments will form part of the Principal Available 
Amount. 
"Realised Losses" means, in respect of any period, the sum of (a) the amount of the difference 
(if positive) between (y) the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of all SME 
Receivables in respect of which the Seller, the Pool Servicer or the Issuer has determined, 
according to its own credit policy, that there is no more reasonable prospects of collecting 
payments from the debtor by judicial proceedings, or from the Related Security, and (z) the 
amount of the Net Proceeds applied to reduce the Outstanding Principal Amount of such SME 
Receivables, and (b), with respect to the SME Receivables sold by the Issuer, the amount of the 
difference, if any, between (y) the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of those SME 
Receivables, and (z) the purchase price of the SME Receivables sold to the extent relating to 
principal, whereby, in case of items (a) and (b), for the purpose of establishing the Outstanding 
Principal Amount in the case of set-off or defense to payments asserted by the Borrowers any 
amount by which the SME Receivables have been extinguished will not be taken into account.

--- Page 92 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
92 
13. 
PRINCIPAL SHORTFALL 
If, on any date, there is a balance on the Principal Deficiency Ledger in respect of any Class of 
Notes, then notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions the principal amount payable 
on redemption, including mandatory redemption in accordance with and subject to 
Condition 6.2 (Mandatory redemption), in respect of each Note of such Class on such date shall 
not exceed its Principal Amount Outstanding less the Principal Shortfall in respect of such Note 
on such date.  
The "Principal Shortfall" in respect of any Note (other than a Reserve Fund Note) shall mean 
on any date, an amount equal to (i) the quotient of (x) the balance on the Principal Deficiency 
Ledger in respect of the Class of that Note on the preceding Note Payment, or if such date is a 
Note Payment Date, on this date, and (y) the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes in 
respect of the Class of that Note outstanding on such date, multiplied by (ii) the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of such Note  
14. 
RESERVE FUND DEFICIENCY LEDGER 
A Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger comprising 3 sub-ledgers, known as the "Class E Reserve 
Fund Deficiency Ledger", the "Class F Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger" and the "Class G 
Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger" has been established by or on behalf of the Issuer in order 
to record any difference (if positive) between (i) the Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Reserve Fund Notes and (ii) the cash standing to the credit of the Reserve Account (each 
respectively the "Class E Reserve Fund Deficiency", the "Class F Reserve Fund Deficiency" 
and the "Class G Reserve Fund Deficiency", together a "Reserve Fund Deficiency"). Any 
Reserve Fund Deficiency shall be debited to the Class G Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger so 
long as the debit balance on such sub-ledger is less than the Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Class G Notes (the "Class G Reserve Fund Deficiency Limit") and thereafter such amounts 
shall be debited to the Class F Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger so long as the debit balance on 
such sub-ledger is less than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class F Notes (the "Class 
F Reserve Fund Deficiency Limit") and thereafter such amounts shall be debited to the Class 
E Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger, so long as the debit balance on such sub-ledger is less than 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class E Notes (the "Class E Reserve Fund Deficiency 
Limit"). 
If on any date the Reserve Fund Notes of a Series and Class or Sub-class are redeemed and such 
Notes are repaid in full (for the avoidance of doubt, except for any Reserve Fund Shortfall), then 
the Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledgers of the relevant Class will be reduced with the amount 
equal to the unpaid Reserve Fund Shortfall on such Notes of such Class or Sub-class (if any). 
15. 
RESERVE FUND SHORTFALL 
If, on any date, there is a Class E Reserve Fund Deficiency, a Class F Reserve Fund Deficiency 
or a Class G Reserve Fund Deficiency, then notwithstanding any other provisions of the 
Conditions the principal amount payable on redemption of each Class E Notes, Class F Notes 
or Class G Notes, respectively, on such date shall not exceed its Principal Amount Outstanding 
less the Class E Reserve Fund Shortfall, Class F Reserve Fund Shortfall or Class G Reserve 
Fund Shortfall, respectively.  
The "Class E Reserve Fund Shortfall" shall mean on any date in respect of a Class E Note an 
amount equal to the quotient of the balance on the Class E Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger, 
divided by the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class E Notes outstanding on such date

--- Page 93 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
93 
multiplied by the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Class E Note. The Class E Noteholders 
shall have no further claim against the Issuer for the Principal Amount Outstanding on the Class 
E Notes after such redemption. 
The "Class F Reserve Fund Shortfall" shall mean on any date in respect of a Class F Note an 
amount equal to the quotient of the balance on the Class F Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger, 
divided by the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class F Notes outstanding on such date 
multiplied by the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Class F Note. The Class F Noteholders 
shall have no further claim against the Issuer for the Principal Amount Outstanding on the Class 
F Notes after such redemption. 
The "Class G Reserve Fund Shortfall" shall mean on any date in respect of a Class G Note an 
amount equal to the quotient of the balance on the Class G Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger, 
divided by the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class G Notes outstanding on such date 
multiplied by the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Class G Note. The Class G Noteholders 
shall have no further claim against the Issuer for the Principal Amount Outstanding on the Class 
G Notes after such redemption. 
A "Reserve Fund Shortfall" shall mean, in relation to a Reserve Fund Note the Class E Reserve 
Fund Shortfall, the Class F Reserve Fund Shortfall or the Class G Reserve Fund Shortfall, as 
the case may be. 
16. 
INTEREST RATE HEDGING 
The SME Loans bear a fixed rate of interest (which, for certain SME Loans may be subject to a 
reset from time to time). The Notes may bear a floating or fixed interest rate. The Issuer has 
entered into, and may enter into, as the case may be, one or more interest swap agreements 
(including a schedule thereto and an interest swap confirmation) with the Interest Swap 
Counterparty (the "Interest Swap Agreements") to hedge the risk between the interest received 
by the Issuer on the SME Receivables and the interest payable by the Issuer on the Notes. 
Under the Interest Swap Agreements, the Issuer will agree to pay on each Note Payment Date 
amounts equal to: 
A – [B+C] 
whereby: 
(A) 
an amount equal to items (i), (ii), (iii), (v), (vi), (vii) and (x) of the Interest Available 
Amount;  
(B) 
an excess margin of 0.75 per cent. per annum applied to the daily average over the Note 
Collection Period of (x) the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Notes (other than the Reserve 
Fund Notes) less (y) any Principal Deficiency recorded on the relevant Principal Deficiency 
Ledger on the preceding Note Payment Date (the "Excess Margin");  
(C) 
the expenses set out in items (a) up to and including (c) of the Interest Priority of 
Payments payable on such Note Payment Date. 
On each Note Payment Date, the Interest Swap Counterparty will agree to pay amounts equal 
to the interest due under the Notes, provided that if there is a Principal Shortfall or a Reserve 
Fund Shortfall on the relevant Notes as at the first day of the Interest Period (taking into account 
the amount of principal repaid and any amount credited to the relevant Principal Deficiency

--- Page 94 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
94 
Ledger or the Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger on such day), the Interest Swap Counterparty 
shall not pay such part of interest payable on the Notes that corresponds to such Principal 
Shortfall or Reserve Fund Shortfall. 
Each Interest Swap Agreement will be documented under an ISDA Master Agreement. Each 
Interest Swap Agreement may be terminated in accordance with Events of Default and 
Termination Events (each as defined in the relevant ISDA Master Agreement) commonly found 
in standard ISDA documentation. Each Interest Swap Agreement will be terminable by one 
party if (i) an applicable Event of Default or Termination Event (as defined therein) occurs in 
relation to the other party, (ii) it becomes unlawful for either party to perform its obligations 
under the relevant Interest Swap Agreement or (iii) an Enforcement Notice is served. Events of 
Default under the Interest Swap Agreements in relation to the Issuer will be limited to (i) non-
payment under the relevant Interest Swap Agreement and (ii) certain insolvency events. 
Upon the early termination of an Interest Swap Agreement, the Issuer or the Interest Swap 
Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other party. The amount of 
any termination payment will be based on the market value of the relevant terminated Interest 
Swap Agreement. The market value will be based on market quotations of the cost of entering 
into a transaction with the same terms and conditions and that would have the effect of 
preserving the respective full payment obligations of the parties (or based upon loss in the event 
that no market quotation can be obtained). 
In the event that the Issuer is required to withhold or deduct an amount in respect of tax from 
payments due from it to the Interest Swap Counterparty, the Issuer will not be required pursuant 
to the terms of the Interest Swap Agreements to pay the Interest Swap Counterparty such 
amounts as would otherwise have been required to ensure that the Interest Swap Counterparty 
received the same amounts that it would have received had such withholding or deduction not 
been made. 
In the event that the Interest Swap Counterparty is required to withhold or deduct an amount in 
respect of tax from payments due from it to the Issuer, the Interest Swap Counterparty will be 
required pursuant to the terms of the relevant Interest Swap Agreement to pay to the Issuer such 
additional amounts as are required to ensure that the Issuer receives the same amounts that it 
would have received had such withholding or deduction not been made. 
In either event, the Interest Swap Counterparty will at its own cost, if it is unable to transfer its 
rights and obligations under the Interest Swap Agreement to another office, have the right to 
terminate such Interest Swap Agreement. Upon such termination, the Issuer or the Interest Swap 
Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other party.  
In an Interest Swap Counterparty Rating Downgrade Event, the Interest Swap Counterparty will 
be required to take certain remedial measures which may include the provision of collateral for 
its obligations under the relevant Interest Swap Agreement, arranging for its obligations under 
the relevant Interest Swap Agreement to be transferred to an entity with the Interest Swap 
Counterparty Required Rating, procuring another entity with at least the Interest Swap 
Counterparty Required Rating to become co-obligor in respect of its obligations under the 
relevant Interest Swap Agreement, or the taking of such other action to maintain the then current 
ratings assigned to the Notes at least at the Minimum Ratings or, if the then current ratings of 
the Notes are lower than the Minimum Ratings, to maintain the then current ratings assigned to 
the Notes.

--- Page 95 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
95 
A failure to take such steps, subject to certain conditions, will give the Issuer a right to terminate 
the relevant Interest Swap Agreement. 
Any collateral transferred by the Interest Swap Counterparty in accordance with the provisions 
set out above which is in excess of its obligations to the Issuer under the relevant Interest Swap 
Agreement will be returned to such Interest Swap Counterparty prior to the distribution of any 
amounts due to the Noteholders or the other Secured Parties. 
17. 
REPAYMENT OF NOTES ON AND AFTER THE STEP-UP DATE 
Pursuant to the Security Agent Agreement the Issuer shall use its best efforts to redeem each 
Note (other than the Reserve Fund Notes) on the relevant Step-up Date of such Note with the 
proceeds of the issue of new Notes and, if the Issuer is unable to issue sufficient new Notes for 
such purpose, such best efforts undertaking includes the sale of SME Receivables to the extent 
necessary.  
18. 
SALE OF SME RECEIVABLES 
The Issuer will have the right to sell and assign all or part of the SME Receivables on any date, 
provided that (i) it shall include the proceeds of such sale as Principal Available Amounts, (ii) 
upon completion of such sale, the quantitative substitutions conditions (i) to (v) (inclusive) as 
set out in Section Sale of the SME Loans – 1. Purchase of SME Receivables and New SME 
Receivables, are satisfied or, in the event any of those quantitative substitution conditions were 
not satisfied prior to such sale, such sale will, in the reasonable opinion of the Security Agent, 
not adversely affect such substitution condition(s) that was (were) not satisfied prior to the sale 
in a material way unless the Issuer has received confirmation that as a result of such sale the 
Notes will not be downgraded below the Minimum Ratings, (iii) in case of a sale to a third party 
purchaser which is not a Belgian company having an investment grade rating by Moody's, the 
Issuer has received written confirmation from Moody's that as a result of such sale the Notes 
will not be downgraded below the Minimum Ratings or, if the ratings of the Notes are below 
the Minimum Ratings of the Notes, that the then current ratings assigned to the Notes 
outstanding will not be adversely affected or that the rating of the of Notes will not be 
withdrawn, and (iv) in case the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the SME 
Receivables sold since the Programme Closing Date or the date of the last rating confirmation 
by Moody's exceeds 5% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Receivables 
on the Programme Closing Date or the date of the last rating confirmation by Moody's, the Issuer 
has received written confirmation from Moody's that as a result of such sale the Notes will not 
be downgraded below the Minimum Ratings or, if the ratings of the Notes are below the 
Minimum Ratings of the Notes, that the then current ratings assigned to the Notes outstanding 
will not be adversely affected or that the rating of the of Notes will not be withdrawn.  
Furthermore, under the terms of the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Issuer shall be 
obliged to sell and assign all the SME Receivables to the Seller, or any third party appointed by 
such Seller at its sole discretion, if the Seller exercises its Regulatory Call Option.  
The purchase price of each SME Receivable in the event of a sale shall at least be equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of each such SME Receivable minus the Loan Loss Reserve 
related to each such SME Receivables, together with accrued interest due but unpaid, if any, in 
respect of each SME Receivable.

--- Page 96 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
96 
19. 
EARLY REDEMPTION OF SERIES-0 NOTES 
Prior to (i) the occurrence of a Trigger Event and (ii) the delivery of an Enforcement Notice, 
and subject to a 30 day notice period (unless the Issuer agrees to a shorter notice period), any 
holder of a Note of Series-0 (other than Reserve Fund Notes) may request the Issuer to redeem 
such Note and the Issuer shall following such request apply part of the Principal Available 
Amounts, towards the redemption of those Series-0 Notes (other than Reserve Fund Notes), 
subject to the Principal Priority of Payments, the Conditions, the Security Agent Agreement and 
the Repayment Test. 
Prior to (i) the occurrence of a Trigger Event or (ii) the delivery of an Enforcement Notice, and 
subject to a thirty (30) day notice period (unless the Issuer agrees to a shorter notice period), 
any holder of a Reserve Fund Note of Series-0 may request the Issuer to redeem such Note and 
the Issuer shall following such request apply amounts credited on the Reserve Account towards 
the redemption of Reserve Fund Notes of Series-0, subject to the Repayment Test, the 
Conditions and the Security Agent Agreement. 
The amount to be paid in redemption of such Notes will be equal to the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of such Notes, less any Principal Shortfall or Reserve Fund Shortfall 
attributed to such Note on the previous Note Payment Date or, if such date is a Note Payment 
Date, on this Note Payment Date. 
20. 
NOTE CLEAN-UP CALL OPTION 
Subject to the Repayment Test, the Issuer has the option to redeem the Notes of any Series and 
Class or Sub-Class of Notes, other than the Reserve Fund Notes, in full but not in part, at their 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding (subject to and in accordance with Condition 6.5 
(Notes clean-up call option) and Condition 9.2 (Principal), plus interest accrued but unpaid, on 
a Note Payment Date on which the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of such Series and 
Class or Sub-Class is less than 10 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
such Series and Class or Sub Class of Notes as at the Issue Date of such Notes.

--- Page 97 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
97 
SALE OF THE SME LOANS 
On the Programme Closing Date the Seller and the Issuer entered into the SME Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. Under the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement on each Business Day the Seller may sell 
SME Receivables and the Related Security relating thereto, to the Issuer. The sale and assignment of 
the SME Receivables will be effectuated by the Seller and the Issuer signing a deed (the "Deed of Sale 
and Assignment"). The assignment of the SME Receivables from the Seller to the Issuer will not be 
notified to the Borrowers, except in case of the occurrence of Assignment Notification Events. Until 
such notification the Borrowers will only be entitled to validly pay (bevrijdend betalen / paiement 
libératoire) to the Seller. The Issuer will be entitled to all proceeds in respect of the SME Receivables 
as of the relevant Purchase Date. 
1. 
PURCHASE OF SME RECEIVABLES AND NEW SME RECEIVABLES 
On the Programme Closing Date the Issuer purchased SME Receivables and Related Security 
up to an amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes issued on such date 
(except for the Reserve Fund Notes). 
Under the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement the Seller is entitled to sell and assign and the 
Issuer is obliged to purchase and accept assignment of SME Receivables and the Related 
Security on each Business Day, to the extent offered to it, up to the Purchase Available Amount 
(the "New SME Receivables"). The New SME Receivables were originated in the ordinary 
course of business of the Seller.  
The "Purchase Available Amount" means on any date, (i) the amount standing to the credit of 
the Principal Ledger, plus (ii) the net proceeds of Notes (other than Reserve Fund Notes, and 
other than amounts referred to under item (x) of the Interest Available Amount) that have not 
been applied towards the repayment of Notes (other than Reserve Fund Notes), to the extent not 
included in (i), plus (iii) on a Note Payment Date the sum of items (f), (h), (j) and (l) of the 
Interest Priority of Payments to the extent actually paid, less (iv) amounts to be used by the 
Issuer to redeem Notes (other than Reserve Fund Notes) fully (subject to Condition 9.2), less 
(v) the sum of the Pass-through Payable Amounts since the last Note Payment Date. 
The purchase by the Issuer of New SME Receivables and the Related Security relating thereto 
will be subject to a number of conditions, which include, inter alia, the conditions that on the 
relevant Purchase Date: 
(a) 
the Seller will represent and warrant to the Issuer and the Security Agent (i) the matters 
set out in the clauses providing for the representations and warranties relating to the 
Relevant SME Loans and the Relevant SME Receivables with respect to the New SME 
Receivables and the Related Security relating thereto sold by it on such date and (ii) 
those relating to the Seller; 
(b) 
no Assignment Notification Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(c) 
there has been no failure by the Seller to repurchase any SME Receivable which it is 
required to repurchase pursuant to the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
(d) 
the Purchase Available Amount is sufficient to pay the Initial Purchase Price for the 
New SME Receivables; 
(e) 
no withdrawal of rating of the Notes by Fitch, no downgrading of the Notes by Fitch 
below the Minimum Ratings of the Notes or, if the then current ratings of the Notes are

--- Page 98 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
98 
below the Minimum Ratings, no downgrading of the Notes by Fitch will occur as a 
result of such purchase; 
(f) 
the balance on the Reserve Account was at least equal to the Class D Required 
Subordinated Amount; 
(g) 
except in the case of any purchase of New SME Receivables by the Issuer either (x) in 
relation to a new issue of Notes (other than an issue under an existing Series and Class, 
or Sub-class thereof) to the extent that the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the New SME Receivables to be purchased on the relevant Purchase Date does not 
exceed the issue proceeds of such Notes (other than the Reserve Fund Notes) or (y) 
where Fitch has confirmed that such purchase will not result in a change to the rating of 
the Notes below the Minimum Ratings of the Notes, or, if the then current ratings 
assigned to the Notes are below the Minimum Ratings, will not adversely affect the then 
current rating assigned to the Notes, (i) the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the New SME Receivables to be purchased on the relevant Purchase Dates falling after 
the immediately preceding Note Payment Date does not exceed 20 per cent. of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Loans on such Purchase Date and 
(ii) the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the New SME Receivables to be 
purchased on the relevant Purchase Date or any earlier Purchase Dates falling after the 
Note Payment Date falling one year before the relevant Purchase Date does not exceed 
50 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Loans on such 
relevant Purchase Date; 
(h) 
if, in respect of a Series and Class or, if applicable, Sub-class of Notes, a Step-up Date, 
or, for Reserve Fund Notes, a Maturity Date, has occurred, all Notes to which such Step-
up Date or Maturity Date relates are redeemed in full subject to Condition 9.2 prior to 
or on the Note Payment Date falling one (1) year after such Step-up Date or Maturity 
Date; 
(i) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, the weighted average expected loss 
(calculated on a loan-by-loan basis by multiplying yearly probability of default (PD) 
with the loss given default (LGD) as both calculated by the models of BNP Paribas 
Fortis SA/NV) of the whole pool, excluding SME Loans with a Borrower having an 
internal rating of 18, 19 and 20 or an unknown rating, will not be higher than 0.40% per 
annum; 
(j) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of SME Loans with an expected loss of 0.52% or higher, excluding SME Loans 
with a Borrower having an internal rating of 18, 19 or 20 or an unknown rating, will not 
be higher than 15% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Loans, 
excluding SME Loans with an internal rating of 18, 19 and 20 or an unknown rating;  
(k) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of SME Loans with a Borrower having an 'unknown' rating is not higher than 
5% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Loans;  
(l) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of SME Loans of the top 20 Borrowers will not be higher than 7% of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Loans and the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Amount of SME Loans of the top 100 Borrowers will not be 
higher than 23% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Loans;

--- Page 99 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
99 
(m) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, the weighted average expected loss 
(calculated on a loan-by-loan basis by multiplying the probability of default (PD) with 
the loss given default (LGD) as calculated by the models of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV) 
of the top 100 Borrowers, excluding the Borrowers with an internal rating of 18, 19 and 
20 or an unknown rating, will not be higher than 0,40% per annum; 
(n) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, the weighted average maturity of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the SME Loans does not exceed 10.5 years;  
(o) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, (i) the proportion of SME Loans related 
to a particular economic sector according to the Nace Rev. 2 sector classification (most 
general level) does not exceed 15% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the SME Loans, except for the sector 'Wholesale and Retail' in respect of which such 
proportion shall not exceed 20% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
SME Loans, and (ii), without prejudice to the 15% sector limitation as set out under (i), 
the proportion of the sum of SME Loans of the sectors 'Construction' and 'Real Estate 
Activities' does not exceed 30% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
SME Loans; 
(p) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, the percentage of SME Loans paying 
annually does not exceed 12% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
SME Loans;  
(q) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of SME Loans with bullet and 'other' repayment does not exceed 5% of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Loans; 
(r) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, the weighted average annual 
probability of default of the SME Loans of the top 100 Borrowers (as calculated by the 
models of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, and excluding SME Loans with a Borrower with 
an internal rating of 18, 19 and 20 or an unknown rating) does not exceed 2.5% and the 
weighted average life of the SME Loans of the top 100 Borrowers does not exceed 7.5 
years; 
(s) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, (i) the aggregate value of the Loan 
Security securing the SME Receivables under the form of a Mortgage or a pledge over 
cash is at least equal to 20% of the Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME 
Receivables and (ii) the aggregate value of the Loan Security securing the SME 
Receivables under the form of a Mortgage, Mortgage Mandate or a pledge over cash is 
at least equal to 80% of the Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Receivables; 
(t) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, the aggregate value of the Loan 
Security securing the SME Receivables under the form of a Mortgage Mandate does not 
exceed 45% of the aggregate value of all the Loan Security securing the SME 
Receivables under any of the following forms: Mortgage Mandate or other Mandate, 
Mortgage, Floating Charge, pledge over cash, financial instruments or other assets, 
government guarantee and aval and related guarantees; 
(u) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, the weighted average annual 
probability of default of the SME Loans (as calculated by the models of BNP Paribas 
Fortis SA/NV), excluding SME Loans with a Borrower with an internal rating of 18, 19 
and 20 or an unknown rating, will not exceed 2.75%;

--- Page 100 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
100 
(v) 
after the purchase of the New SME Receivables, the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of SME Loans with a Borrower having a rating above 13, excluding SME 
Loans with a Borrower with an internal rating of 18, 19 and 20 or an unknown rating, 
is not higher than 15% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Loans 
excluding SME Loans with a Borrower with an internal rating of 18, 19 and 20 or an 
unknown rating; and  
(w) 
on the date of purchase of the New SME Receivables, the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the SME Loans in arrears for more than 90 days (including any 
SME Loans that would have been denounced) does not exceed 3% of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Amount of all SME Loans. 
2. 
Purchase Price 
The purchase price for each sale of SME Receivables consists of an initial purchase price (the 
"Initial Purchase Price"), which is payable on the relevant Purchase Date and the sum of all 
relevant deferred purchase price instalments (each a "Deferred Purchase Price Instalment"). 
In respect of SME Receivables the Initial Purchase Price will be equal to the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of the SME Receivables on the cut-off date set out in 
the Deed of Sale and Assignment. The relevant Deferred Purchase Price shall be equal to the 
sum of all relevant Deferred Purchase Price Instalments and each relevant Deferred Purchase 
Price Instalment on any relevant Note Payment Date will be equal to (A) prior to delivery of an 
Enforcement Notice, the positive difference, if any, between the Interest Available Amount as 
calculated on each Note Calculation Date and the sum of all amounts payable by the Issuer as 
set forth in the Interest Priority of Payments under all items ranking above a Deferred Purchase 
Price Instalment or, as the case may be, (B) following delivery of an Enforcement Notice, the 
amount remaining after all the payments as set forth in the Priority of Payments upon 
Enforcement ranking above a Deferred Purchase Price Instalment on such date, have been made. 
3. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
Each Seller represents and warrants on the relevant Purchase Date with respect to the SME 
Receivables that it sells and assigns to the Issuer on such date (the "Relevant SME 
Receivables") and the Related Security relating thereto and the SME Loans from which such 
SME Receivables result (the "Relevant SME Loan"), inter alia, that:  
(a) 
Valid existence – SME Loan Characteristics 
(i) 
The SME Receivables and Related Security exist and are valid, legally binding 
and enforceable obligations of the relevant Borrowers or, as the case may be, 
the relevant third party provider of the Related Security. 
(ii) 
The SME Loans are granted with respect to investments related to the enterprise 
of the Borrower. 
(iii) 
Each SME Loan was granted by the Seller or, as the case may be, another 
Originator as its legal predecessor as the original lender as a loan with respect 
to investments related to the enterprise of the Borrower and, in the latter case, 
acquired by the Seller as a true sale and in accordance with the then prevailing 
credit policies of the original lender.

--- Page 101 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
101 
(iv) 
The SME Loans are either Investment Credits, Instalment Credits or Social and 
Fiscal Instalment Credits. 
(b) 
Governing legislation 
(i) 
Each SME Loan and relating Related Security is governed by Belgian law and 
no SME Loan or Related Security expressly provides for the jurisdiction of any 
court or arbitral tribunal other than Belgian courts or tribunals. 
(ii) 
The SME Loans are not subject to consumer protection legislations (in 
particular the provisions on consumer credit set out in Book VII, Title 4, 
Chapter 1 of the Code of Economic Law and on mortgage credit set out in Book 
VII, Title 4, Chapter 2 of the Code of Economic Law). 
(c) 
Free from third-party rights 
(i) 
Each SME Loan has been granted by the Seller for its own account or, if 
applicable, by the relevant Originator. 
(ii) 
The Seller has exclusive, good and marketable title to and has the absolute 
property right over each SME Loan and SME Receivable and the other rights, 
interests and entitlements sold pursuant to the SME Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
(iii) 
The SME Loans, the SME Receivables and Related Security are free and clear 
of any encumbrances, liens, charges, pledges, pre-emption rights, options or 
other rights or security interests of any nature whatsoever in favour of, or claims 
of, third parties and of any attachments (derdenbeslag / saisie-arrêt). 
(iv) 
The Seller has not assigned, transferred, pledged, disposed of, dealt with or 
otherwise created or allowed to arise or subsist any security interest or other 
adverse right or interest in respect of its right, title, interest and benefit in or to 
any of the SME Loans, SME Receivables or Related Security and of the rights 
relating thereto or any of the property, rights, titles, interests or benefits sold or 
assigned pursuant to the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement or pledged 
pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, in any way whatsoever other than pursuant 
to the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement or the Pledge Agreement. 
(v) 
The SME Loans can be easily segregated and identified for ownership and 
collateral security purposes. 
(d) 
Fully disbursed SME Loans 
The proceeds of each SME Loan (including any brokers fees) have been fully disbursed 
and the Seller has no further obligation to make further disbursement relating to the 
SME Loan. 
(e) 
No set-off or other defense 
(i) 
None of the SME Loans and Related Security is subject to any reduction 
resulting from any valid and enforceable exceptie / exception or verweermiddel 
/ moyen de défense (including schuldvergelijking / compensation) available to 
the relevant Borrower, or third party provider of Related Security and arising

--- Page 102 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
102 
from any act or omission on the part of, or event or circumstance attributable 
to, the Seller prior to the execution of the SME Receivables Purchase 
Agreement (except any exceptie / exeption or verweermiddel / moyen de défense 
based on the provisions of Article 1244, paragraph 2 of the Belgian Civil Code 
or the provisions of Belgian insolvency laws).  
(ii) 
No pledge, lien, counterclaim or other security interest has been created or 
arisen or now exists between the Seller and any Borrower which would entitle 
such Borrower to reduce the amount of any payment otherwise due under its 
SME Loan. 
(f) 
No subordination 
The Seller has not entered into any agreement, which would have the effect of 
subordinating the right to the payment of any of the SME Loans to any other 
indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower thereof. 
(g) 
No limited recourse 
The Seller has not entered into any agreement, which would have the effect of limiting 
the rights in respect of the SME Loan to any assets of the Borrower for the payment 
thereof. 
(h) 
No abstraction 
No bills of exchange or promissory notes have been issued or subscribed in connection 
with any amounts owing under any SME Loan. 
(i) 
Performing loan 
(i) 
Except for any arrears referred to in paragraph (ii) below, no event has occurred 
and has not been cured prior to the Purchase Date, entitling the Seller to 
accelerate the repayment of such SME Loan. 
(ii) 
On the relevant Purchase Date, no SME Loan is in arrears for more than 30 
days. 
(iii) 
No notice of prepayment of all or any part of the SME Loan has been received 
by the Seller. 
(j) 
Litigation 
The Seller has not received written notice of any litigation or claim calling into question 
in any material way the Seller's title to any SME Loan or Related Security. 
(k) 
Insolvency 
The Seller has not received written notice, nor is otherwise aware, that any Borrower is 
bankrupt, has entered into or has filed for a rescheduling or repayments 
(betalingsfaciliteiten / facilités de paiements), a moratorium (uitstel van betaling / sursis 
de paiement) or a judicial reorganisation (gerechtelijke reorganisatie / réorganisation 
judiciaire), or has applied for a collective reorganisation of its debts (collectieve 
schuldenregeling/règlement collectifde dettes) pursuant to the law of 5 July 1998, or is 
in a situation of cessation of payments or has otherwise become insolvent nor has the

--- Page 103 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
103 
Seller any reason to believe that any Borrower is about to enter into, or to file for, any 
of the above situations or procedures. 
(l) 
Incapacity 
The Seller has not received notice of the death or any other incapacity of any Borrower 
(to the extent the Borrower is an individual). 
(m) 
No Withholding Tax 
Neither the Seller nor the Borrower is required to make any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of tax in respect of any payment in respect of the SME Loans.  
(n) 
Assignability of the SME Receivables 
(i) 
Each SME Receivable, secured by the Related Security, may be validly 
assigned to the Issuer and each SME Receivable may be validly pledged by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Pledge Agreement. 
(ii) 
Each SME Receivable, secured by Related Security, is legally entitled of being 
transferred by way of sale, and their transfer by way of sale is not subject to any 
contractual or legal restriction, other than the notification to the Borrower. 
(iii) 
No sale of a SME Receivable in the manner herein contemplated will be 
recharacterised as any other type of transaction and the sale of all SME 
Receivables will be effective to pass to the Issuer full and unencumbered title 
thereto and benefit thereof, and no further act, condition or thing will be 
required to be done in connection therewith to enable the Issuer to require 
payment of each SME Receivable or the enforcement of each SME Receivable 
in any court other than the giving of notice to the Borrower of the sale of such 
SME Receivable by the Seller to the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Upon the sale of any SME Receivables such SME Receivables will no longer 
be available to the creditors of the Seller on its liquidation. 
(o) 
Related Security 
The Seller has not received notice of any material breach of the terms of any Related 
Security. 
(p) 
The Seller's compliance with laws 
The Seller has, in relation to the origination, the servicing and the assignment of the 
SME Loans and SME Receivables, complied in all material respects with all relevant 
banking, privacy, money laundering and other laws. 
(q) 
Servicing 
(i) 
No other person has been granted or conveyed the right to service any SME 
Loan and/or to receive any consideration in connection therewith, unless agreed 
otherwise between the parties hereto. 
(ii) 
All payments on each SME Loan are settled by way of direct debit.

--- Page 104 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
104 
(r) 
Selection process 
The Seller has not taken any action in selecting the SME Loans which, to the Seller's 
knowledge, would result in delinquencies or losses on the SME Loans being materially 
in excess of the average delinquencies or losses on the Seller's total portfolio of loans 
of the same type. 
(s) 
Originating and Standard Loan Documentation 
(i) 
Prior to making each SME Loan the Seller carried out or caused to be carried 
out all investigations, searches and other actions and made such enquiries as to 
the Borrower's status and obtained such consents (if any) as would a reasonably 
prudent lender and nothing which would cause any such a lender to decline to 
proceed with the initial loan on the proposed terms was disclosed. 
(ii) 
Prior to making each SME Loan, the Seller's lending criteria laid down in the 
Credit Policies or, as the case may be, the lending criteria of the Seller 
applicable at the time or the lending criteria of the relevant original lender, were 
satisfied so far as applicable subject to such waivers as might be exercised by a 
reasonably prudent SME lender. 
(iii) 
Each SME Loan has been granted and each of the Related Security has been 
created, subject to the general terms and conditions and materially in the forms 
of the Standard Loan Documentation (so far as applicable) and any amendment 
to the terms of the SME Loans has been made substantially in accordance with 
the Credit Policies or the then prevailing credit policies of the Seller or the 
original lender. 
(iv) 
Each SME Loans originated under a Credit Facility has been made subject to 
the "Algemene Voorwaarden voor Kredietopeningen aan Ondernemingen / 
Conditions Générales des Ouvertures de Crédit aux Entreprises" as applicable 
as from the time of originations (most recently version 2016). 
(t) 
Proper Accounts and Records 
Each SME Loan and Related Security is properly documented in the Contract Records 
relating to such SME Loan. The relevant transactions, payments, receipts, proceedings 
and notices relating to such SME Loan and such Contract Records are properly recorded 
in the Contract Records and in the possession of the Seller or held to its order. 
(u) 
Data protection and privacy laws 
The Seller and the databases it maintains, in particular with regard to the SME Loans 
and the Borrowers, fully comply with the data protection and privacy laws and 
regulations. 
(v) 
Financial Criteria 
(i) 
On the relevant Purchase Date, the Outstanding Principal Amount of the SME 
Receivables related to a Borrower is not more than 0.5% of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of all SME Receivables.

--- Page 105 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
105 
(ii) 
Each SME Receivable, except for SME Receivables providing for a bullet 
repayment, is repayable by monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual 
Instalments. 
(iii) 
Each SME Receivable is denominated exclusively in euro (this includes SME 
Loans historically denominated in Belgian frank). 
(iv) 
On the relevant Purchase Date, no SME Receivable is a Disputed SME 
Receivable. 
(v) 
No SME Receivable has a remaining maturity in excess of 30 years. 
(vi) 
No SME Receivable has a maturity date falling after the date that is three years 
before the Final Maturity Date of any Note.  
(vii) 
The Borrower of an SME Receivable is not assigned an internal rating of 18, 19 
or 20 in accordance with the internal rating models of BNP Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV. 
(viii) 
The Borrower has made at least one payment in respect of the relevant 
Receivable. 
(w) 
Specific SME Loan information 
The items of information provided to Moody's in respect of the SME Loans and the 
Related Security related to the SME Receivables, as specifically identified in the SME 
Receivables Purchase Agreement, are true and accurate in all material respects. 
(x) 
Mandates 
(i) 
Each attorney appointed under a Mortgage Mandate and as long as such 
attorney, if a legal person, exists, or, if a private person, is alive, has the power 
under the Mortgage Mandate to create a mortgage in favor of the Issuer. 
(ii) 
The wording of the terms of any Mortgage Mandate related to a New SME 
Receivable does not explicitly prohibit that the mandate can be used to create a 
Mortgage in favour of the successors of the Originator. 
(y) 
Date of origination 
Each SME Loan has been originated after 1 January 2000. 
4. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 
All representations and warranties other than those relating to the Seller, are being considered 
to constitute the eligibility criteria relating to the SME Loans or, as the case may be, the SME 
Receivables (the "Eligibility Criteria"). The Eligibility Criteria pertain to the SME Receivables 
and SME Loans on the relevant Purchase Date. 
5. 
REPURCHASE 
Under the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement the Seller is obliged to repurchase and accept 
re-assignment of a SME Receivable:

--- Page 106 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
106 
(a) 
if any of the representations and warranties given by the Seller in respect of such 
Relevant SME Receivables or the relevant SME Loan on its Purchase Date is untrue or 
incorrect, within thirty-five (35) days after the Seller has been notified or otherwise 
become aware thereof, unless the matter has been remedied by the Seller; and 
(b) 
if the Seller agrees with a Borrower to amend the terms of the Relevant SME Loan as a 
result of which (i) the SME Loan no longer meets the Eligibility Criteria and the 
representations and warranties given in the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement or 
(ii) the quantitative substitutions conditions (i) to (v) (inclusive) as set out in Section 
Sale of the SME Loans – 1. Purchase of SME Receivables and New SME Receivables 
are breached, or, in the event any of those quantitative substitution criteria were not 
satisfied prior to such amendment or variation, such amendment or variation, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Security Agent, adversely affects such substitution 
criteri(on)(a) that was not satisfied prior to the amendment or variation in a material 
way unless the Issuer has received confirmation that as a result of such amendment or 
variation the Notes will not be downgraded below the Minimum Ratings or the rating 
of the of Notes will not be withdrawn, (iii) while any Pass-through Note is outstanding 
or after an Enforcement Notice has been served, the remaining maturity of an SME Loan 
that was not arrears on the day preceding such amendment is increased or (iv) while any 
Pass-through Note is outstanding or after an Enforcement Notice has been served, (x) 
the remaining maturity of an SME Loan that was in arrears on the day preceding such 
amendment is increased and (y) the cumulative Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
SME Loans so amended exceeds 5% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the SME Receivables at the time such Note became a Pass-Through Note or such 
Enforcement Notice was given (the "SME Loan Amendment"), within 35 days 
following such amendment. 
The purchase price in case of a repurchase by the Seller of a SME Receivable in the event 
described under (a), will be equal to the aggregate principal sum (hoofdsom/principal) due by 
the relevant Borrower under the Relevant SME Receivable (the "Outstanding Principal 
Amount") together with interest and reasonable costs relating thereto (including any costs 
incurred by the Issuer in effecting and completing such purchase and assignment) accrued up to 
but excluding the date of purchase and assignment of the SME Receivable. 
The purchase price in case of a repurchase by the Seller of SME Receivables in the events 
described under (b) above, will be equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount minus the Loan 
Loss Reserve related to the Relevant SME Receivable (and after the occurrence of a Realised 
Loss in respect of such SME Receivable, zero), together with interest and reasonable costs 
relating thereto (including any costs incurred by the Issuer in effecting and completing such 
purchase and assignment) accrued up to but excluding the date of purchase and assignment of 
the SME Receivable 
In case and for so long as the Seller is rated below Baa3 by Moody's, the purchase price for any 
SME Receivable repurchased by the Seller as a result of (a) or (b) above and paid to the Issuer 
will as of such date be used by the Issuer to fund a reserve on its accounts and will not be 
included as Principal Available Amounts and/or Interest Available Amount until the expiration 
of a 6 month period starting on the repurchase date of the relevant repurchased SME Receivable. 
An amount corresponding to the purchase price of a repurchased SME so reserved will only 
become available for inclusion in the Principal Available Amounts and/or the Interest Available 
Amount and shall no longer have to be taken into account for the purposes of the level of such 
reserve referred to above upon the expiration of the 6 month period starting on the repurchase

--- Page 107 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
107 
date of the relevant SME Receivable provided that (i) if in the meantime insolvency proceedings 
were started in relation to the Seller, the amount corresponding to the purchase price of the 
repurchased SME Receivable so reserved shall remain reserved in the accounts of the Issuer 
until such repurchase is no longer open for challenge by the bankruptcy trustee of the Seller and 
the risk of such repurchase being held ineffective against the bankrupt estate of the Seller can 
no longer materialise and (ii) any amounts relating to any repurchase so reserved may again be 
included as Principal Available Amounts and/or Interest Available Amount as soon as the Seller 
is rated at least Baa3 by Moody's. 
6. 
NO ACTIVE PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT 
The Seller's rights and obligations to sell SME Receivables to the Issuer, and/or repurchase SME 
Receivables from the Issuer pursuant to the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement, including 
without limitation repurchases of SME Receivables which did not materially comply with the 
representations and warranties given by the Seller in respect of such Relevant SME Receivables 
or the relevant SME Loan, do not constitute active portfolio management for the purposes of 
Article 20(7) of the Securitisation Regulation. 
7. 
ASSIGNMENT NOTIFICATION EVENTS 
If: 
(a) 
a default is made by the Seller in the payment on the due date of any amount due and 
payable by it under the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement or under any Relevant 
Document to which it is a party and such failure is not remedied within ten (10) Business 
Days after notice thereof has been given by the Issuer or the Security Agent to such 
Seller; or 
(b) 
the Seller fails duly to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the SME 
Receivables Purchase Agreement or under any other Relevant Document to which it is 
a party and if such failure, capable of being remedied, is not remedied within ten (10) 
Business Days after having knowledge of such failure or notice thereof has been given 
by such Issuer or the Security Agent to such Seller; or 
(c) 
any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed to be made by the Seller in 
the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement, other than the representations and 
warranties made in respect of the Relevant SME Loans and the Relevant SME 
Receivables (which the Seller consequently repurchases), or under any of the other 
Relevant Documents to which it is a party or if any notice or other document, certificate 
or statement delivered by it pursuant hereto proves to have been, and continues to be 
after the expiration of any applicable grace period provided for in any Relevant 
Document, untrue or incorrect in any material respect; or 
(d) 
the Seller takes any corporate action or other steps are taken or legal proceedings are 
started or threatened against it for its dissolution (ontbinding/dissolution) and 
liquidation (vereffening/liquidation) or any of its assets are placed under administration 
(onder bewind gesteld/placé sous administration); or 
(e) 
the Seller has taken any corporate action or any steps have been taken or legal 
proceedings have been instituted or threatened against it for its entering into 
reorganisation measures (saneringsmaatregel/mesure d'assainissement) as referred to 
in Article 3, 56° of the Credit Institutions Supervision Act, as amended from time to

--- Page 108 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
108 
time, or for bankruptcy or for any analogous insolvency proceedings under any 
applicable law or for the appointment of a receiver or a similar officer of it or of any or 
all of its assets; or  
(f) 
at any time it becomes unlawful for the Seller to perform all or a material part of its 
obligations hereunder or under any Relevant Document to which it is a party; or 
(g) 
the Seller has given materially incorrect information or not given material information 
which was essential for the Issuer and the Security Agent in connection with the entering 
into the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or any of the Relevant Documents; 
or 
(h) 
a Pledge Notification Event occurs; or 
(i) 
(a) a Seller Collection Account Provider Rating Downgrade Event has occurred and (b) 
(i) the Seller (1) has not opened an escrow account in the name of the Issuer, for its own 
account, with a party having at least the Seller Collection Account Provider Required 
Rating, and (2) has not transferred to the escrow account within thirty (30) days after 
such downgrade, an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate amount of deposits 
held by the Borrowers on any savings or current accounts held with the Seller and (B) 
an amount equivalent to the next instalment payable under the SME Loans of the 
Borrowers or (ii) the Seller has not found and complied with any other solution to 
maintain the ratings assigned to the Notes at least at the Minimum Ratings of the Notes 
or, if the ratings of the Notes are below the Minimum Ratings of the Notes, to maintain 
the then current ratings assigned to the Notes, within ten (10) days after such 
downgrade; or 
(j) 
the Seller's long term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) by Fitch falls below BBB or such 
rating is withdrawn; or 
(k) 
the credit rating of the Seller's long term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed 
debt obligations by Moody's falls below Baa3 or such rating is withdrawn, 
(each an "Assignment Notification Event") 
then the Seller shall, unless the Security Agent instructs the Seller otherwise, forthwith notify 
or ensure that the relevant Borrowers and any other relevant parties indicated by the Issuer 
and/or the Security Agent are forthwith notified of the assignment of the SME Receivables and 
that all future payments in relation to the SME Receivables are henceforth to be paid directly 
into the Issuer Collection Account. The Issuer shall, at its option, also be entitled to make such 
notifications itself. The Security Agent will only instruct the Seller not to give notice of the 
assignment as described above, if, after the Rating Agencies have been notified of such 
instruction not to give such notice of the assignment, it has received sufficient comfort that as a 
result of not giving such notice the Notes will not be downgraded below the Minimum Ratings 
of the Notes or, if the ratings of the Notes are below the Minimum Ratings of the Notes, the then 
current ratings assigned to the Notes (or that as a result of not giving such notice the rating of 
Notes will not be withdrawn).  
Unless instructed by the Security Agent not to give such notice, if the Seller and the Issuer fail 
to give such notice the Security Agent shall (at the expense of the Seller) be entitled to give such 
notice(s).

--- Page 109 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
109 
8. 
JOINTLY HELD RELATED SECURITY AND CREDIT FACILITIES 
Where SME Receivables have been originated using a Credit Facility and/or are secured by an 
All Sums Security Interest, the Seller shall, following the sale and purchase of the Relevant 
SME Receivables continue to have rights under the relevant Credit Facilities and/or to the All 
Sums Security Interest. 
Under the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Issuer and the Seller have agreed that 
proceeds derived from the enforcement of Loan Security which (x) constitutes an All Sums 
Security Interest or (y) secures the Credit Facility related to an SME Receivable, shall, to the 
extent not allocated to either the SME Receivable or other debts of the relevant Borrower owed 
to the Seller, be shared between the Issuer and the Seller pro rata the amounts owed to the Issuer 
under the SME Receivable and the amounts owed to Seller respectively.

--- Page 110 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
110 
SERVICING OF THE SME LOANS 
Services 
In the Servicing Agreement the Pool Servicer will agree to provide administration and management 
services to the Issuer on a day-to-day basis in relation to the SME Loans and the SME Receivables, 
including, without limitation, the collection of payments of principal, interest and other amounts in 
respect of the SME Receivables and the transfer of such amounts at least on a monthly basis to the Issuer 
Collection Account (see also Information relating to the Programme Structure – 2. Cash Collection 
Arrangements) and the implementation of arrear procedures including the enforcement of Related 
Security (see further SME Loan Underwriting and Servicing). The Pool Servicer will be obliged to 
administer the SME Loans and the SME Receivables at the same level of skill, care and diligence as 
SME loans in its own or, as the case may be, the Seller's portfolio. The Servicing Agreement in this 
respect also provides for certain undertakings by the Pool Servicer in relation to the making of 
amendments to the conditions applicable SME Loans including, inter alia, an undertaking not to propose 
any increase to the maturity of an SME Loan which is not arrears. In the Servicing Agreement, the Issuer 
(assisted by the Pool Servicer) will further undertake to use its best efforts to appoint a back-up pool 
servicer the Pool Servicer's long term Issuer Default Rating ("IDR") by Fitch would fall below BBB- or 
such rating is withdrawn or the credit rating of the Pool Servicer's long term, unsecured, unsubordinated 
and unguaranteed debt obligations by Moody's would fall below Baa3 or such rating is withdrawn. 
The Administrator will in the Servicing Agreement agree to provide certain administration, calculation 
and cash management services to the Issuer, including, without limitation, (a) the direction of amounts 
to be received from the Pool Servicer to the relevant Issuer Collection Account and the production of 
monthly and quarterly reports in relation thereto and the distribution of such reports to the relevant 
parties, (b) drawings (if any) to be made by the Issuer from the Reserve Account, (c) all payments to be 
made by the Issuer under the Interest Swap Agreement, (d) all payments to be made by the Issuer under 
the Notes in accordance with the Domiciliary Agency Agreement and the Conditions, (e) the 
maintaining of data for all required ledgers in connection with the above and (f) all calculations to be 
made pursuant to the Conditions under the Notes. 
Termination 
The Servicing Agreement may inter alia be terminated (in respect of the relevant party) by the Security 
Agent or the Issuer (with the consent of the Security Agent) in certain circumstances (a "Servicer 
Termination Event"), including (a) a default by the Pool Servicer or the Administrator in the payment 
on the due date of any payment due and payable by it under the Servicing Agreement, (b) a default by 
the Pool Servicer or the Administrator in the performance or observance of any of its other covenants 
and obligations under the Servicing Agreement or (c) the Pool Servicer or the Administrator has taken 
any corporate action or any steps have been taken or legal proceedings have been instituted or threatened 
against it for its entering into redress measures (herstelmaatregelen/mesures de redressement) within 
the meaning of Book II, Title VI of Credit Institutions Supervision Act as amended from time to time, 
or for bankruptcy or for any analogous insolvency proceedings under any applicable law or for the 
appointment of a receiver or a similar officer of it or of any or all of its assets, or it is in a situation as 
set out in Article 244, §1 of the Credit Institutions Supervision Act relating to the conditions for the 
application of a resolution measure (afwikkelingsmaatregel/mesures de résolution). 
Upon termination of the Servicing Agreement, the Security Agent and the Issuer shall use their best 
efforts to appoint a substitute administrator or substitute pool servicer and such substitute administrator 
or substitute pool servicer shall enter into an agreement with the Issuer and the Security Agent 
substantially on the terms of the Servicing Agreement, provided that such substitute administrator or

--- Page 111 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
111 
substitute pool servicer shall have the benefit of a servicing fee and an administration fee at a level to 
be then determined. Any such substitute pool servicer must have experience of administering SME loans 
in Belgium. The Issuer shall, promptly following the execution of such agreement, pledge its interest in 
such agreement in favour of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Pledge Agreement, mutatis 
mutandis, to the satisfaction of the Security Agent. 
The Servicing Agreement may be terminated by the Pool Servicer in respect of it or by the Administrator 
in respect of it and by the Issuer in respect of the Pool Servicer and/or the Administrator, upon the expiry 
of not less than 12 months' notice of termination given by the Pool Servicer and/or the Administrator to 
each of the Issuer and the Security Agent, or by the Issuer to the Pool Servicer and/or the Administrator, 
as the case may be, and the Security Agent, provided that - inter alia - (a) the Security Agent consents 
in writing to such termination and (b) a substitute pool servicer or a substitute administrator, as the case 
may be, shall be appointed, such appointment to be effective not later than the date of termination of the 
Servicing Agreement and the Pool Servicer or the Administrator shall not be released from its 
obligations under the Servicing Agreement until such substitute pool servicer or substitute administrator 
has entered into such new agreement.

--- Page 112 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
112 
SECURITY FOR THE ISSUER'S OBLIGATIONS 
As security for the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Relevant Documents, the Issuer 
has granted rights of pledge on its assets in favour of the Security Agent and the other Secured Parties. 
As part of creation of these pledges, the Issuer has undertaken as a separate and independent obligation, 
by way of parallel debt, to pay to the Security Agent amounts due to the Secured Parties. 
Secured obligations – Parallel Debt 
The Issuer has entered into a Parallel Debt Agreement. In the Parallel Debt Agreement the Issuer has 
irrevocably and unconditionally undertaken to pay to the Security Agent (the Parallel Debt) amounts 
which will be equal to the aggregate amount due (verschuldigd/dû) by the Issuer: 
(a) 
as fees or other remuneration to the Issuer Director, the Security Agent Director and the 
Holding Director under the Issuer Management Agreement, the Security Agent 
Management Agreement and the Holding Management Agreement; 
(b) 
as fees and expenses to the Pool Servicer and the Administrator under the Servicing 
Agreement; 
(c) 
as fees and expenses to the Domiciliary Agent and the Reference Agent under the 
Domiciliary Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
to the Seller under the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
(e) 
to the Interest Swap Counterparty under the Interest Swap Agreements; 
(f) 
to the GIC Provider under the GIC Agreement; and 
(g) 
to the Noteholders under the Notes. 
(the parties referred to in item (a) through (g), together the "Secured Parties"). 
The Parallel Debt constitutes the separate and independent obligations of the Issuer and constitutes the 
Security Agent's own separate and independent claim (eigen en zelfstandige vordering/créance propre 
et indépendante) to receive payment of the Parallel Debt from the Issuer. Upon receipt by the Security 
Agent of any amount in payment of the Parallel Debt, the payment obligations of the Issuer to the 
Secured Parties shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount so received. 
To the extent that the Security Agent irrevocably and unconditionally receives any amount in payment 
of the Parallel Debt, the Security Agent shall distribute such amount among the Secured Parties in 
accordance with the then applicable Priority of Payments. 
In addition, the Security Agent has been designated as:  
(i) 
representative of the Noteholders, in accordance with Article 271/12 of the UCITS Act 
which states that the representative (the Security Agent) may bind all Noteholders and 
represent them vis-à-vis third parties or in court, in accordance with the terms of its 
mission;  
(ii) 
as representative of the Noteholders in accordance with article 7:63, §1 and §2 of the 
Belgian code of companies and associations (Wetboek van vennootschappen en 
verenigingen/Code des sociétés et des associations) ("Code of Companies and 
Associations");

--- Page 113 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
113 
(iii) 
representative of the Secured Parties, in accordance with Article 5 of the Collateral Act; 
(iv) 
representative of the Secured Parties, in accordance with Article 3 of title XVII of Book 
3 of the Belgian Civil Code (old) (the "Movable Collateral Act").  
The Security Agent has also been appointed as irrevocable agent (lasthebber/mandataire) of the other 
Secured Parties in respect of the performance of certain duties and responsibilities in relation to the 
pledged assets. 
In order to secure its obligations under the Relevant Documents, including the Parallel Debt, to the 
Security Agent and the other Secured Parties, on terms set out in a pledge agreement (the "Pledge 
Agreement") the Issuer has granted on the Programme Closing Date a first ranking pledge over the 
following pledged assets (the "Pledged Assets"): 
(a) 
the SME Receivables, including the New SME Receivables and all rights and Related 
Security relating thereto, as acquired by the Issuer pursuant to the SME Receivables 
Purchase Agreement; 
(b) 
all rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, actual and contingent in respect 
of the Issuer Accounts, including without limitation, all amounts of money and financial 
instruments that may from time to time be credited to any of such accounts; 
(c) 
all rights, title, interest and benefit of the Issuer under or pursuant to the Relevant 
Documents to which the Issuer is a party; 
(d) 
all right and title of the Issuer in respect of the Eligible Investments, as and when these 
will be acquired by the Issuer. 
Perfection and notification - Pledge Notification Events 
The Pledge Agreement provides that the pledge over the SME Receivables and Related Security will 
not be notified to the Borrowers or other relevant parties, except in case certain notification events occur, 
which include the Assignment Notification Events and the giving of an Enforcement Notice and certain 
other events, (the "Pledge Notification Events"). Prior to notification of the pledge to the Borrowers, 
the pledge on the SME Receivables will be an undisclosed pledge. 
The pledge created pursuant to the Pledge Agreement over the rights referred to in paragraphs (ii) and 
(iii) above will be acknowledged by the relevant obligors and will therefore be a disclosed pledge. The 
pledge created pursuant to the Pledge Agreement over the Eligible Investments referred to in paragraph 
(iv) must be considered as an undertaking to pledge; the pledge will only be created upon compliance 
with the perfection requirements for the applicable type of investments in accordance with the Pledge 
Agreement.  
Enforcement of the Security  
The Pledge Agreement is governed by Belgian law. Under Belgian law, upon enforcement of the 
security for the Notes, the Security Agent acting on its own behalf and on behalf of the other Secured 
Parties, will be permitted to collect any moneys payable in respect of the SME Receivables, any moneys 
payable under the Relevant Documents pledged to it and any moneys standing to the credit of the Issuer 
Accounts and to apply such moneys in satisfaction of obligations of the Issuer which are secured by the 
Pledge Agreement. The Security Agent will also be permitted to sell the SME Receivables and the rights 
of the Issuer relating to the Issuer Accounts.

--- Page 114 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
114 
In addition to other methods of enforcement permitted by law, Article 271/12 of the UCITS Act also 
permits the Noteholders (acting together) to request the president of the enterprise court to attribute to 
them the pledged assets in payment of an amount estimated by an expert. In accordance with the terms 
of the Security Agent Agreement only the Security Agent shall be permitted to exercise such rights. 
The security rights described above shall serve as security for the benefit of the Secured Parties, 
including each of the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders, the Class C Noteholders, the Class 
D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders and the Class G Noteholders but, inter 
alia, amounts owing to Noteholders of a lower ranking Class of Notes will rank in priority of payment 
after amounts owing to the Noteholders of a higher ranking Class of Notes (see Information relating to 
the Programme Structure)).

--- Page 115 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
115 
REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 
The Programme and the Notes will become subject to the Securitisation Regulation as soon as the 
Issuer issues new Notes 
On 20 November 2017, the Council of the European Union approved the final versions of the framework 
for securitisation and a specific framework for "simple, transparent and standardised" EU Securitisation 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council or the 
"Securitisation Regulation") and the associated CRR amending regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2017/2401 of the European Parliament and of the Council or the "CRR Amendment Regulation"). The 
Securitisation Regulation recasted (with some amendments) a number of provisions which applied in 
respect of securitisations in the EU, including those relating to risk retention, due diligence and 
disclosure. It also introduced a new framework for simple, transparent and standardised (STS) 
securitisations. 
The Securitisation Regulation and the CRR Amendment Regulation have applied from 1 January 2019, 
subject to certain transitional provisions in the CRR Amendment Regulation regarding securitisations 
the securities of which were issued before 1 January 2019 or securitisations that have opted to be 
considered 'STS' in accordance with paragraphs (2) to (4) of Article 43 and Article 18 and following of 
the Securitisation Regulation. As the Issuer has not yet issued any Notes since 1 January 2019 and has 
not opted for any of the Notes to be considered 'STS', the Issuer currently benefits from these transitional 
provisions set out in Article 43 of the Securitisation Regulation, as a result of which the Securitisation 
Regulation does not yet apply to the Programme or the Notes outstanding on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. As from the issuance of any new Notes following the date of this Base Prospectus or the 
submission of an STS notification in accordance with Article 18 and following of the Securitisation 
Regulation, the Issuer, the Programme and the Notes (including any Notes issued prior to the date of 
this Base Prospectus) will become subject to the Securitisation Regulation. 
As from the Programme and the Notes becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation, certain 
European-regulated institutional investors, including credit institutions, investment firms, authorised 
alternative investment fund managers, insurance and reinsurance undertakings, certain undertakings for 
the collective investment of transferable securities (UCITs) and certain regulated pension funds 
(institutions for occupational retirement provision), are required to comply under Article 5 with certain 
due diligence requirements prior to holding a securitisation position and on an ongoing basis while 
holding the position. Among other things, prior to holding a securitisation position, such institutional 
investors are required to verify certain matters with respect to compliance of the relevant transaction 
parties with credit granting standards, risk retention and transparency requirements. If the relevant 
European-regulated institutional investor elects to acquire or holds the Notes having failed to comply 
with one or more of these requirements, this may result in the imposition of a penal capital charge on 
the Notes for institutional investors subject to regulatory capital requirements or a requirement to take a 
corrective action, in the case of a certain type of regulated fund investors. Aspects of the requirements 
of the Securitisation Regulation and what is or will be required to demonstrate compliance to national 
regulators remain unclear. Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of 
requirements applicable to them and are required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency 
of the information described in this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes of complying with such 
due diligence requirements under the Securitisation Regulation and any corresponding national 
measures which may be relevant. 
As from the Programme and the Notes becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation, various parties 
to the securitisation transaction described in this Base Prospectus (including the Seller and the Issuer) 
will also become subject to the requirements of the Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 116 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
116 
The Seller has undertaken to retain a material net economic interest of not less than 5% in the Notes in 
accordance with Article 405, paragraph (1) sub-paragraph (d) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (the "Capital 
Requirements Regulation" or "CRR") and Article 51 paragraph (1) sub-paragraph (d) of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 231/2013 of 19 December 2012 supplementing Directive 
2011/61/EU (the "AIFM Regulation") (until the Programme and the Notes becoming subject to the 
Securitisation Regulation) or Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation (as from the Programme and the 
Notes becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation). Such interest will in accordance with Article 
405, paragraph (1) sub-paragraph (d) of the CRR and Article 51 paragraph (1) sub-paragraph (d) of the 
AIFM Regulation be comprised of an interest in the first loss tranche, and, if necessary, other tranches 
having the same or a more severe risk profile than those sold to the investors (and it is expected that, as 
from the Programme and the Notes becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation, the same will 
apply in accordance with Article 6(3)(d) of the Securitisation Regulation). Any change in the manner in 
which this interest is held shall be notified to investors. The Seller has provided a corresponding 
undertaking with respect to the interest to be retained by it during the period wherein the Notes are 
outstanding to the Issuer and the Security Agent in the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Regulatory initiatives may have an adverse impact on the regulatory treatment of the Notes and / 
or decreased liquidity in respect of the Notes 
In Europe, the United States and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the 
asset-backed securities industry. This has resulted in a raft of measures for increased regulation which 
are currently at various stages of implementation and which may have an adverse impact on the 
regulatory position for certain investors in securitisation exposures and/or on the incentives for certain 
investors to hold asset-backed securities, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such securities. 
Investors in the Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position. None of the Issuer, 
Arranger or the Seller makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Notes 
regarding the regulatory treatment of their investment on the Closing Date or at any time in the future. 
Regulatory capital requirements are subject to ongoing change, and are expected to become more 
stringent. This is especially due to the implementation and entry into force of the changes to CRD IV 
included in the EU banking package adopted on 14 May 2019 (the "EU Banking Reforms") and the 
finalised Basel III reforms as published on 7 December 2017 (the "Basel III Reforms") (informally 
referred to as Basel IV). In addition, pursuant to the Solvency II Regulation, more stringent rules apply 
to European insurance companies in respect of instruments such as the Notes in order to qualify as 
regulatory capital that may impact certain investors. The Solvency II Regulation is currently under 
review on an EU level. Any changes to the prudential framework applicable to banks, insurance 
companies or other institutions investing in the Notes, may affect the risk-weighting of the Notes for 
these investors. This could affect the market value of the Notes in general and the relative value for the 
investors in the Notes. Potential investors should consult their own advisers as to the consequences to 
and effect on them of CRD IV, the EU Banking Reforms and the Basel III Reforms, and the application 
of the Solvency II Regulation, to their holding of any Notes. None of the Issuer, the Security Trustee or 
the Arranger are responsible for informing Noteholders of the effects on the changes to risk-weighting 
or regulatory capital which amongst others may result for investors from the adoption by their own 
regulator of CRD IV, the EU Banking Reforms, the Basel III Reforms or the Solvency II Regulation 
(whether or not implemented by them in its current form or otherwise) nor do they make any 
representation regarding the regulatory capital treatment of their investment.

--- Page 117 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
117 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE NOTES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and as supplemented in 
accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. 
References herein to the Notes shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be references to all the Notes 
issued by the Issuer. 
Notes are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series comprises one or more classes of Notes 
(each a "Class"). Each Series and Class may have two or more sub-classes (each a "Sub-class"). Each 
Class or Sub-class of a Series can be issued in one or more tranches (each a "Tranche"). Notes of a 
Tranche of a Class or Sub-class of a Series are identical in all respects. Notes of all Tranches of a Class 
or Sub-class of a Series are have identical terms on issue, except in respect of the first payment of interest 
and their issue price. 
Each Tranche of a Class or Sub-Class of a Series of Notes is subject to Final Terms. The Final Terms in 
relation to each Tranche of Notes will supplement these Conditions in respect of such Notes. The Final 
Terms applicable to a Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt Notes, as defined below) will be available 
upon request from the Domiciliary Agent, will be provided to the FSMA and to Euronext Brussels (or 
any regulated market to which the relevant Notes will be admitted) on or prior to the date of issue of the 
Notes and will be published on and can be obtained at https://www.intertrustgroup-fgreporting.com. The 
information contained on such website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The final terms of Notes that are not admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation ("Exempt Notes") will be set out in a pricing supplement in 
respect of such Exempt Notes (a "Pricing Supplement"). A Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt 
Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with these Conditions, replace or modify these Conditions for the purpose of such Exempt 
Notes. Any reference in these Conditions to Final Terms in relation to Exempt Notes should be read as 
a reference to the relevant Pricing Supplement. Pricing Supplements will only be obtainable at the 
registered offices of the Issuer and of the Domiciliary Agent by a Noteholder holding one or more 
relevant Exempt Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
Domiciliary Agent as to its holding of such Exempt Notes and identity. 
References herein to a Series and Class of Notes refer to a particular Class of Notes of a given Series. 
The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the Programme Agreement, the Security Agent Agreement, the Domiciliary Agency Agreement, the 
Parallel Debt Agreement and the Pledge Agreement. 
The holders of any Notes are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of 
all the provisions of, and definitions contained or incorporated in, the Programme Agreement, the 
Security Agent Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Domiciliary Agency Agreement, each of the 
other Relevant Documents and the Final Terms and to have notice of each other Final Terms relating to 
each other Series and Class of Notes. Copies of the Programme Agreement, Security Agent Agreement, 
the Domiciliary Agency Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and each of the other Relevant Documents 
are available for inspection free of charge by holders of the Notes at the specified office of the 
Domiciliary Agent, being at the date hereof Rue Montagne du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium.

--- Page 118 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
118 
By subscribing or otherwise acquiring the Notes, the Noteholders (i) shall be deemed to have 
acknowledged receipt of, accept and be bound by the Conditions and the Final Terms and (ii) 
acknowledge that they are Eligible Holders and that they can only transfer their Notes to Eligible 
Holders. 
A glossary of definitions appears in Condition 17 (Definitions) of these Conditions. 
References herein to the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the 
Class E Notes, the Class F Notes and the Class G Notes shall, in each case and unless specified 
otherwise, be references to the Notes of all Series of the applicable Class. 
References herein to the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders, the Class C Noteholders, the 
Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders and the Class G Noteholders 
shall, in each case and unless specified otherwise, be references to the holders of the Notes of all Series 
of the applicable Class.

--- Page 119 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
119 
1. 
FORM; DENOMINATION; SELLING, TRANSFER AND HOLDING RESTRICTIONS 
1.1 
Form 
(a) 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised form under the Code of Companies and 
Associations as amended from time to time. The Notes are accepted for clearance 
through the clearing system operated by the National Bank of Belgium or any successor 
thereto (the "Clearing System"), and are accordingly subject to the applicable clearing 
regulations of the National Bank of Belgium. The Notes may be cleared through the 
X/N accounts system organised within the Clearing System in accordance with the Act 
of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities (wet betreffende de transacties 
met bepaalde effecten/loi relative aux opérations sur certaines valeurs mobilières) and 
the corresponding royal decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994.  
(b) 
If at any time the Notes are transferred to another clearing system, not operated or not 
exclusively operated by the National Bank of Belgium, these provisions shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to such successor clearing system and successor clearing system 
operator or any additional clearing system and additional clearing system operator (any 
such clearing system, an "Alternative Clearing System"). 
(c) 
The Notes cannot be physically delivered and cannot be exchanged into notes in bearer 
form. 
1.2 
Selling, Holding and Transfer Restrictions - Only Eligible Holders 
The Notes offered by the Issuer may only be subscribed, purchased or held by investors 
("Eligible Holders") that qualify both as: 
(a) 
Article 5, §3/1 of the Belgian Act of 3 August 2012 on institutions for collective 
investment that satisfy the criteria of directive 2009/65/EC and on institutions for 
investment in receivables (Wet betreffende de instellingen voor collectieve belegging 
die voldoen aan de criteria van richtlijn 2009/65/EG en de instellingen voor belegging 
in schuldvorderingen / Loi relative aux organismes de placement collectif qui répondent 
aux conditions de la Directive 2009/65/CE et aux organismes de placement en 
créances), as amended from time to time (the "UCITS Act") ("Qualifying Investors") 
that are acting for their own account; and 
(b) 
a holder of an exempt securities account ("X-Account") with the Clearing System 
operated by the National Bank of Belgium or (directly or indirectly) with a participant 
in such system. 
In the event that the Issuer becomes aware that particular Notes are held by investors other than 
Eligible Holders acting for their own account in breach of the above requirement, the Issuer will 
suspend interest payments relating to these Notes until such Notes will have been transferred to 
and held by Eligible Holders. Any transfers of Notes effected in breach of the above requirement 
will be unenforceable vis-à-vis the Issuer. 
1.3 
Excluded holders 
Notes may not be acquired by a foreign transferee being a resident of or having an establishment 
in, or acting, for the purposes of the Notes, through a bank account held on a tax haven 
jurisdiction as referred to in Article 307, §1/2 of the BITC 1992.

--- Page 120 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
120 
2. 
STATUS, PRIORITY AND SECURITY 
2.1 
The Notes of each Class are direct and unconditional obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu and rateably without any preference or priority among Notes of the same Class. 
2.2 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 4 (Interest), Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Cancellation) and Condition 9 (Subordination and limited recourse) and the Security Agent 
Agreement: 
(a) 
payments of principal and interest on the Class B Notes are subordinated to, inter alia, 
payments of principal and interest on the Class A Notes; and  
(b) 
payments of principal and interest on the Class C Notes are subordinated to, inter alia, 
payments of principal and interest on the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes; and 
(c) 
payments of principal and interest on the Class D Notes are subordinated to, inter alia, 
payments of principal and interest on the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class 
C Notes;  
(d) 
payments of principal and interest on the Class E Notes are subordinated to, inter alia, 
payments of principal and interest on the Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes 
and Class D Notes;  
(e) 
payments of principal and interest on the Class F Notes are subordinated to, inter alia, 
payments of principal and interest on the Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes, 
Class D Notes and Class E Notes; and 
(f) 
payments of principal and interest on the Class G Notes are subordinated to, inter alia, 
payments of principal and interest on the Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes, 
Class D Notes, Class E Notes and Class F Notes. 
2.3 
The Security Agent Agreement contains provisions requiring the Security Agent to have regard 
to the interests of the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders, the Class C Noteholders, 
the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders and the Class G 
Noteholders, as regards all powers, trust, authorities, duties and discretions of the Security Agent 
(except where expressly provided otherwise) but requiring the Security Agent in any such case: 
(a) 
to have regard only to the interests of the Class A Noteholders, if, in the Security Agent's 
opinion, there is a conflict between the interests of the Class A Noteholders, on one 
hand, and the Class B Noteholders, the Class C Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, 
the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders and the Class G Noteholders, on the 
other hand, and 
(b) 
if no Class A Notes are outstanding, to have regard only to the interests of the Class B 
Noteholders, if, in the Security Agent's opinion, there is a conflict between the interests 
of the Class B Noteholders, on the one hand, and the Class C Noteholders, the Class D 
Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders and the Class G 
Noteholders, on the other hand, and 
(c) 
if no Class A Notes and Class B Notes are outstanding, to have regard only to the 
interests of the Class C Noteholders, if, in the Security Agent's opinion, there is a 
conflict between the interests of the Class C Noteholders, on the one hand, and the Class

--- Page 121 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
121 
D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders and the Class G 
Noteholders, on the other hand, and 
(d) 
if no Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes are outstanding, to have regard 
only to the interest of the Class D Noteholders if, in the Security Agent's opinion, there 
is a conflict between the interests of the Class D Noteholders, on the one hand, and the 
Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders and the Class G Noteholders, on the other 
hand, and 
(e) 
if no Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes are outstanding, 
to have regard only to the interest of the Class E Noteholders if, in the Security Agent's 
opinion, there is a conflict between the interests of the Class E Noteholders, on the one 
hand, and the Class F Noteholders and the Class G Noteholders, on the other hand, and 
(f) 
if no Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes, Class D Notes and Class E Notes 
are outstanding, to have regard only to the interest of the Class F Noteholders if, in the 
Security Agent's opinion, there is a conflict between the interests of the Class F 
Noteholders, on the one hand, and the Class G Noteholders, on the other hand.  
2.4 
In addition, the Security Agent shall have regard to the interests of the other Secured Parties, 
provided that in case of a conflict of interest between the Secured Parties the Priority of 
Payments upon Enforcement determines which interest of which Secured Party prevails. 
2.5 
All payments of interest and principal in respect of the Notes are subject to the applicable 
Priority of Payments and all other fiscal laws and regulations applicable in the place of payment. 
2.6 
In order to secure its obligations under the Notes and Relevant Documents, including the Parallel 
Debt, to the Security Agent and the other Secured Parties, the Issuer has, on terms set out in a 
pledge agreement, granted a first ranking pledge over: 
(a) 
the SME Receivables, including the New SME Receivables and all rights and Related 
Security relating thereto, as acquired by the Issuer pursuant to the SME Receivables 
Purchase Agreement; 
(b) 
all rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, actual and contingent in respect 
of the Issuer Accounts, including without limitation, all amounts of money and financial 
instruments that may from time to time be credited to any of such accounts; 
(c) 
to the extent legally possible, all rights, title, interest and benefit of the Issuer under or 
pursuant to the Relevant Documents to which the Issuer is a party. 
3. 
COVENANTS OF THE ISSUER 
So long as any of the Notes under the Programme remain outstanding, the Issuer shall carry out 
its business in accordance with proper and prudent Belgian business practice and in accordance 
with the requirements of Belgian law and accounting practice and shall not, except (i) to the 
extent permitted by the Relevant Documents or (ii) with the prior written consent of the Security 
Agent: 
(a) 
carry on any business other than the business of purchasing SME Receivables and to 
finance such acquisitions by issuing Notes and the related activities as contemplated in 
the Relevant Documents and the Issuer's corporate purpose

--- Page 122 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
122 
(b) 
incur any indebtedness in respect of borrowed money whatsoever or give any guarantee 
or indemnity in respect of any indebtedness, except as contemplated by the Relevant 
Documents; 
(c) 
create or promise to create any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
whatsoever over any of its assets, or use, invest, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of 
any part of its assets, except as contemplated in the Relevant Documents; 
(d) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its assets substantially 
or as an entirety to one or more persons; 
(e) 
permit the validity or effectiveness of the Relevant Documents, or the priority of the 
security created thereby or pursuant thereto to be amended, terminated, postponed or 
discharged, or permit any person whose obligations form part of such security rights to 
be released from such obligations or consent to any waiver except as contemplated in 
the Relevant Documents; 
(f) 
have any employees or premises or have any subsidiary or subsidiary undertaking;  
(g) 
have an interest in any bank account other than the Issuer Accounts or accounts to which 
collateral under an Interest Swap Agreement is transferred, unless all rights in relation 
to such account will have been pledged to the Security Agent as provided in 
Condition 2.6; 
(h) 
make investments (other than, subject to the prior written consent of the Servicer, 
Eligible Investments and except for other investments as contemplated by the Relevant 
Documents); and 
(i) 
as from the Securitisation Regulation being applicable to the Programme and the Notes, 
enter into derivative contracts, except for the purpose of hedging interest-rate or 
currency risk relating to the Programme, to the extent that such hedging derivatives are 
documented according to common standards in international finance (in accordance 
with Article 21(2) of the Securitisation Regulation). 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(a) 
Period of Accrual 
Fixed Rate Notes shall bear interest on their Principal Amount Outstanding from and 
including the relevant Issue Date. Each Fixed Rate Note (or in the case of the redemption 
of part only of a Note that part only of such Fixed Rate Note) shall cease to bear interest 
from its due date for redemption unless, the relevant amount of principal or any part 
thereof is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
thereon (before and after any judgment) at the rate applicable to such Note up to but 
excluding the date on which payment in full of the relevant amount of principal is made. 
Whenever it is necessary to compute an amount of interest in respect of any Fixed Rate 
Note for any period, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number 
of days in the Fixed Rate Interest Period concerned divided by a year of 365 days or, in 
the case of a Fixed Rate Interest Period falling in a leap year, 366 days.

--- Page 123 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
123 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Interest Periods and Accrual Payment Dates 
Up to (but excluding) the Step-up Date interest on the Notes shall be payable by 
reference to successive quarterly or annual Fixed Rate Interest Periods and will be 
payable in arrear in euros on the Note Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
The first fixed rate interest period will commence on (and include) the interest 
commencement date set out in the applicable Final Terms (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") and end on (but exclude) (i) in case of Notes payable annually, 
the same date in the next succeeding year and each following interest period will start 
(and include) on the same date in the relevant year and end on (but exclude) the same 
date in the next succeeding year, or (ii) in case of Notes payable quarterly, the first Note 
Payment Date as set out in the applicable Final Terms and each following fixed rate 
interest period will commence on (and include) a relevant Note Payment Date and end 
on (but exclude) the next succeeding relevant Note Payment Date (each such Period a 
"Fixed Rate Interest Period"). 
(c) 
Interest up to the Step-up Date 
Up to (but excluding) the relevant Step-up Date the rate of interest applicable to the 
Fixed Rate Notes will be as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Interest following the Step-up Date 
If on the relevant Step-up Date the Fixed Rate Notes of any Series and Class or Sub-
class thereof have not been redeemed in full, either a floating rate of interest will be 
applicable to such Notes from and including the relevant Step-up Date (unless specified 
otherwise in the Final terms) equal to the sum of EURIBOR for three months deposits, 
payable by reference to Floating Rate Interest Periods on each succeeding relevant Note 
Payment Date, plus a margin as specified in the applicable Final Terms as calculated in 
accordance with Condition 4.2 or a fixed rate of interest will be applicable to such Notes 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Fixed Rate Notes of a Series and Class or Sub-class are not redeemed on the 
relevant Step-up Date, and the Issuer notifies all Noteholders of such Series and Class 
or Sub-class:  
(i) 
within one month after such Step-up Date that it will redeem the Notes on the 
immediately succeeding Note Payment Date, the interest rate applicable in 
respect of such Notes will be equal to the sum of two times the interest rate 
applicable prior to the Step-up Date for a Fixed Rate Interest Period (for the 
avoidance of doubt, in case of Fixed Rate Notes payable annually, two quarters 
of interest applicable to such Fixed Rate Notes prior to the Step-up Date) and 
the interest rate applicable after the Step-up Date for, as the case may be, a 
Floating Rate Interest Period or a Fixed Rate Interest Period (for the avoidance 
of doubt, in case of Fixed Rate Notes payable annually after the Step-up Date, 
one quarter of interest applicable to such Fixed Rate Notes following the Step-
up Date), divided by three; and  
(ii) 
after one month but within the second month after such Step-up Date that it will 
redeem the Notes on the immediately succeeding Note Payment Date, the 
interest rate applicable in respect of such Notes will be equal to the sum of the 
interest rate applicable prior to the Step-up Date for a Fixed Rate Interest Period

--- Page 124 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
124 
(for the avoidance of doubt, in case of Fixed Rate Notes payable annually, one 
quarter of interest applicable to such Fixed Rate Notes prior to the Step-up Date) 
and two times the interest rate applicable after the Step-up Date for, as the case 
may be, a Floating Rate Interest Period or a Fixed Rate Interest Period (for the 
avoidance of doubt, in case of Fixed Rate Notes payable annually after the Step-
up Date, two quarters of interest applicable to such Fixed Rate Notes following 
the Step-up Date), divided by three;  
unless the Notes are not repaid on such Note Payment Date, in which case the margin 
after the Step-up Date applies. 
(e) 
Determination of the Fixed Interest Amount 
The Reference Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Central European 
Time in respect of Euros (€) on each relevant Interest Determination Date, calculate the 
amount of interest payable on such Notes for the following Fixed Rate Interest Period 
(the "Fixed Interest Amount") by applying the relevant fixed rate of interest to the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series and Class, or Sub-class, as the case 
may be, of Notes. The determination of the Fixed Interest Amount by the Reference 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on all parties. 
(f) 
Notification of the Fixed Interest Amount 
The Reference Agent will cause the relevant Fixed Interest Amount and the relevant 
Note Payment Date applicable to each relevant Series and Class, or Sub-class, as the 
case may be, of Notes to be notified to the Issuer, the Security Agent, the Domiciliary 
Agent, the Administrator, Euronext Brussels and to the holders of such Class of Notes 
in accordance with Condition 13.2. The Fixed Interest Amount and relevant Note 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Fixed Rate Interest Period. 
(g) 
Determination or Calculation by Security Agent 
If the Reference Agent at any time for any reason does not determine the relevant Fixed 
Interest Amount in accordance with Condition 4.1(e) (Determination of the Fixed 
Interest Amount) or 4.1(f) (Notification of the Fixed Interest Amount) above, as the case 
may be, the Security Agent shall calculate the Fixed Interest Amount in accordance with 
Condition 4.1(e) (Determination of the Fixed Interest Amount) above, and each such 
determination or calculation shall be final and binding on all parties. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Period of Accrual 
The Floating Rate Notes shall bear interest on their Principal Amount Outstanding from 
and including the relevant Issue Date. Each Floating Rate Note (or in the case of the 
redemption of part only of a Floating Rate Note that part only of such Note) shall cease 
to bear interest from its due date for redemption unless, the relevant amount of principal 
or any part thereof is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue thereon (before and after any judgment) at the rate applicable to such 
Floating Rate Note up to but excluding the date on which payment in full of the relevant

--- Page 125 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
125 
amount of principal is made. Whenever it is necessary to compute an amount of interest 
in respect of any Floating Rate Note for any period, such interest shall be calculated on 
the basis of the actual number of days in the Floating Rate Interest Period (as defined 
below) concerned divided by a year of 360 days. 
(b) 
Floating Rate Interest Periods and Note Payment Dates 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable by reference to Floating Rate Interest Periods. 
Each successive floating rate interest period will commence on (and include) a relevant 
Note Payment Date and end on (but exclude) the next succeeding relevant Note Payment 
Date, except for the first Floating Rate Interest Period, which will commence on (and 
include) the relevant Issue Date and end on (but exclude) the first Note Payment Date 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms (each such floating rate interest period a 
"Floating Rate Interest Period"). 
Interest on each of the Floating Rate Notes will be payable quarterly in arrears in Euros, 
in respect of the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Floating Rate Notes on the 25th 
day of January, April, July and October or if otherwise indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms the months indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, unless such Business Day falls in the 
next succeeding calendar month in which event interest on the Notes will be payable on 
the Business Day immediately preceding such day, in each year (each such day being a 
"Note Payment Date"). 
(c) 
Interest up to the Step-up Date 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, up to (but excluding) the relevant Step-
up Date, interest on the Floating Rate Notes for each Floating Rate Interest Period will 
accrue at a rate equal to the higher of (i) the sum of the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") for three months deposits (or, only in respect of the first Floating Rate 
Interest Period of a Tranche, the rate which represents the linear interpolation of 
EURIBOR for deposits in euro by reference to the longest period for which rates are 
quoted that is shorter than such first Floating Rate Interest Period, and the shortest 
period for which rates are quoted that is longer than such first Floating Rate Interest 
period, rounded, if necessary, to the 5th decimal place with 0.00005, being rounded 
upwards) plus a margin as specified in the Final Terms and (ii) zero. 
If specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the rate of interest payable from time to time 
in respect of the Notes will be determined in the manner set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(d) 
Interest following the Step-up Date 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, if on the Step-up Date of any 
Series and Class, or Sub-class, as the case may be, of Floating Rate Notes, such Notes 
have not been redeemed in full, a floating rate of interest will be applicable to each such 
Notes equal to the sum of EURIBOR for three months deposits, payable by reference to 
Floating Rate Interest Periods on each succeeding relevant Note Payment Date, plus a 
margin as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 126 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
126 
If specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the rate of interest payable from 
time to time in respect of the Notes will be determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms, plus a margin as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Floating Rate Notes of a Series and Class or Sub-class are not redeemed on the 
relevant Step-up Date, and the Issuer notifies all Noteholders of such Series and Class 
or Sub-class: 
(i) 
within one month after such Step-up Date that it will redeem the Notes on the 
immediately succeeding Note Payment Date, the margin applicable in respect 
of such Notes will be equal to the sum of two times the margin prior to the Step-
up Date and the margin after the Step-up Date, divided by three; and 
(ii) 
after one month but within the second month after such Step-up Date that it will 
redeem the Notes on the immediately succeeding Note Payment Date, the 
margin applicable in respect of such Notes will be equal to the sum of the 
margin prior to the Step-up Date and two times the margin after the Step-up 
Date, divided by three; 
unless the Notes are not repaid on such Note Payment Date, in which case the margin 
after the Step-up Date applies. 
(e) 
EURIBOR 
For the purpose of Conditions 4.2(c) (Interest up to the Step-up Date) and 4.2(d) 
(Interest following the Step-up Date) EURIBOR will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
The Reference Agent will obtain for each Interest Period the rate equal to 
EURIBOR for the relevant period in euros. The Reference Agent shall use the 
EURIBOR rate as determined and published by the European Money Markets 
Institute (EMMI) and which appears for information purposes on the Reuters 
Screen EURIBOR01 (or, if not available, any other display page on any screen 
service maintained by any registered information vendor for the display of the 
EURIBOR rate selected by the Reference Agent) as at or about 11.00 a.m. 
(Central European time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the first 
day of each Floating Rate Interest Period (each an "EURIBOR Interest 
Determination Date"). 
(ii) 
If, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, such EURIBOR rate is not 
determined and published by EMMI, or if it is not otherwise reasonably 
practicable to calculate the rate under (a) above, and provided that such 
arrangements are in compliance with the requirements imposed on the 
administrator of a benchmark pursuant to the Benchmark Regulation (the 
"Benchmark Regulation Requirements"), the Reference Agent will use its 
reasonable efforts to: 
(A) 
request the principal euro-zone office of each of four major banks in the 
euro-zone interbank market (the "Reference Banks") to provide a 
quotation for the rate at which three months euro deposits are offered 
by it in the euro-zone interbank market at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Central European time) on the relevant EURIBOR Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the euro-zone interbank market

--- Page 127 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
127 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction at that time; 
and determine the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such quotation 
as is provided; and 
(B) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Reference Agent will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates quoted by major banks, of which there shall be at 
least two in number, in the euro-zone, selected by the Reference Agent, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Central European time) on the relevant 
EURIBOR Interest Determination Date for three months deposits to 
leading euro-zone banks in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and 
(C) 
EURIBOR for such Floating Rate Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum equal to the euro interbank offered rate for euro deposits as 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4.2(e) (EURIBOR) 
provided that if the Reference Agent is unable to determine EURIBOR 
in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Floating Rate 
Interest Period, EURIBOR applicable to the relevant Class of Notes 
during such Floating Rate Interest Period will be EURIBOR last 
determined in relation thereto. 
(f) 
Determination of Floating Rate of Interest and Calculation of the Floating Interest 
Amount 
The Reference Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Central European 
Time on each relevant Interest Determination Date, determine the floating rates of 
interest referred to in Conditions 4.2(c) (Interest up to the Step-up Date) and (d) (Interest 
following the Step-up Date) above for each Series and Class, or Sub-class, as the case 
may be, of Notes (the "Floating Rate of Interest") and calculate the amount of interest 
payable on such Notes for the following Floating Rate Interest Period (the "Floating 
Interest Amount") by applying the relevant Floating Rate of Interest to the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series and Class, or Sub-class, as the case may be, 
of Notes. The determination of the relevant Floating Rate of Interest and the Floating 
Interest Amount by the Reference Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on all parties. 
(g) 
Notification of the Floating Rate of Interest and the Floating Interest Amount 
The Reference Agent will cause the relevant Floating Rate of Interest and the relevant 
Floating Interest Amount and the relevant Note Payment Date applicable to each 
relevant Series and Class, or Sub-class, as the case may be, of Notes to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Security Agent, the Paying Agents, the Administrator, Euronext Brussels 
and to the holders of such Class of Notes in accordance with Condition 13.2. The 
Floating Interest Amount and relevant Note Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Floating 
Rate Interest Period.

--- Page 128 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
128 
(h) 
Determination or Calculation by Security Agent 
If the Reference Agent at any time for any reason does not determine the relevant 
Floating Rate of Interest or fails to calculate the relevant Floating Interest Amount in 
accordance with Condition 4.2(e) (EURIBOR) the Security Agent shall determine the 
relevant Floating Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such 
regard as it shall think fit to the procedure described in Condition 4.2(f) (Determination 
of Floating Rate of Interest and Calculation of the Floating Interest Amount) above), it 
shall deem fair and reasonable under the circumstances, or, as the case may be, the 
Security Agent shall calculate the Floating Interest Amount in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(f) (Determination of Floating Rate of Interest and Calculation of the 
Floating Interest Amount) above, and each such determination or calculation shall be 
final and binding on all parties. 
(i) 
Reference Banks and Reference Agent 
The Issuer will procure that, as long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, there will 
at all times be a Reference Agent. The Issuer has, subject to prior written consent of the 
Security Agent, the right to terminate the appointment of the Reference by giving at 
least 90 days' notice in writing to that effect. If any person shall be unable or unwilling 
to continue to act as a Reference Agent or if the appointment of any Reference Agent 
shall be terminated, the Issuer will, with the prior written consent of the Security Agent, 
appoint a successor Reference Agent to act in its place, provided that neither the 
resignation nor removal of the Reference Agent shall take effect until a successor 
approved in writing by the Security Agent has been appointed. Notice of any such 
termination will be given to the holders of the relevant Notes in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices).  
5. 
PAYMENT 
5.1 
All payments of principal or interest owing under the Notes shall be made through the 
Domiciliary Agent and the Clearing System in accordance with the rules of the Clearing System. 
5.2 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged by the Domiciliary Agent to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. 
5.3 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any fiscal or 
other laws and regulations applicable thereto, without prejudice to Condition 7 (Taxation). 
5.4 
If the due date for payment of any amount of principal or interest in respect of any Note is not 
a Business Day in the jurisdiction where payment is to be received, no further payments of 
additional amounts by way of interest, principal or otherwise shall be due. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND CANCELLATION 
6.1 
Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed as provided in this Condition 6 (Redemption and Cancellation), the 
Issuer will redeem a Series and Class, or Sub-class, as the case may be, of Notes at their Principal 
Amount Outstanding on the relevant Final Maturity Date specified in respect of such Notes in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 129 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
129 
In respect of the Class B Notes, Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes, Class F Notes, 
and Class G Notes, such redemption will be subject to (i) Condition 9.2 (Principal) and (ii) 
fulfilment of the Repayment Test. 
6.2 
Mandatory redemption 
(a) 
Provided that no Enforcement Notice has been served in accordance with Condition 10 
(Events of Default) and no Trigger Event has occurred, if the Pro-rata Condition is 
satisfied, the Issuer will, in respect of the Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D 
Notes, subject to (i) Condition 9.2 (Principal) and (ii) fulfilment of the Repayment Test, 
be obliged to apply: 
(i) 
the Class A Pass-through Notes Principal Available Amount to redeem (or 
partially redeem) on each Note Payment Date the Class A Pass-through Notes; 
(ii) 
the Class B Pass-through Notes Principal Available Amount to redeem (or 
partially redeem) on each Note Payment Date the Class B Pass-through Notes; 
(iii) 
the Class C Pass-through Notes Principal Available Amount to redeem (or 
partially redeem) on each Note Payment Date the Class C Pass-through Notes; 
and 
(iv) 
the Class D Pass-through Notes Principal Available Amount to redeem (or 
partially redeem) on each Note Payment Date the Class D Pass-through Notes. 
The principal amount so redeemable in respect of: 
(i) 
each Class A Pass-through Note (the "Class A Pass-through Notes Principal 
Redemption Amount") shall be the Class A Pass-through Notes Principal 
Available Amount on the Note Calculation Date relating to that Note Payment 
Date divided by the Principal Amount Outstanding of Class A Pass-through 
Notes and multiplied by the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note 
(rounded down to the nearest euro ), provided always that the Class A Pass-
through Notes Principal Redemption Amount may never exceed the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Class A Pass-through Note; 
(ii) 
each Class B Pass-through Note (the "Class B Pass-through Notes Principal 
Redemption Amount") shall be the Class B Pass-through Notes Principal 
Available Amount on the Note Calculation Date relating to that Note Payment 
Date divided by the Principal Amount Outstanding of Class B Pass-through 
Notes and multiplied by the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note 
(rounded down to the nearest euro ), provided always that the Class B Pass-
through Notes Principal Redemption Amount may never exceed the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Class B Pass-through Note; 
(iii) 
each Class C Pass-through Note (the "Class C Pass-through Notes Principal 
Redemption Amount") shall be the Class C Pass-through Notes Principal 
Available Amount on the Note Calculation Date relating to that Note Payment 
Date divided by the Principal Amount Outstanding of Class C Pass-through 
Notes and multiplied by the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note 
(rounded down to the nearest euro ), provided always that the Class C Pass-

--- Page 130 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
130 
through Notes Principal Redemption Amount may never exceed the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Class C Pass-through Note; and 
(iv) 
each Class D Pass-through Note (the "Class D Pass-through Notes Principal 
Redemption Amount") shall be the Class D Pass-through Notes Principal 
Available Amount on the Note Calculation Date relating to that Note Payment 
Date divided by the Principal Amount Outstanding of Class D Pass-through 
Notes and multiplied by the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note 
(rounded down to the nearest euro ), provided always that the Class D Pass-
through Notes Principal Redemption Amount may never exceed the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Class D Pass-through Note. 
(b) 
Provided that no Enforcement Notice has been served in accordance with Condition 10 
(Events of Default) and no Trigger Event has occurred, if the Pro-rata Condition is not 
satisfied, the Issuer will, in respect of the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class 
D Notes, subject to (i) Condition 9.2 (Principal) and (ii) fulfilment of the Repayment 
Test, be obliged to apply the Pass-through Principal Available Amount to redeem (or 
partially redeem) on a pro rata basis on each Note Payment Date (a) firstly, the Class 
A Pass-through Notes until fully redeemed, and thereafter, (b), the Class B Pass-through 
Notes until fully redeemed, and thereafter, (c), the Class C Pass-through Notes until 
fully redeemed, and thereafter, (d) the Class D Pass-through Notes until fully redeemed. 
(c) 
Provided that no Enforcement Notice has been served in accordance with Condition 10 
(Events of Default), but after the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Issuer will, in respect 
of the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes, subject to (i) 
Condition 9.2 (Principal) and (ii) fulfilment of the Repayment Test, be obliged to apply 
the Principal Available Amount to redeem (or partially redeem) on a pro rata basis on 
each Note Payment Date (a) firstly, the Class A Notes until fully redeemed, and, 
thereafter, (b), the Class B Notes until fully redeemed, and, thereafter (c) the Class C 
Notes until fully redeemed, and, thereafter, (d) the Class D Notes until fully redeemed. 
(d) 
The principal amount so redeemable (each a "Principal Redemption Amount"), in 
respect of each Note, other than the Reserve Fund Notes, on the relevant Note Payment 
Date, shall be (a)(i) prior to a Trigger Event, if the Pro-rata Condition is satisfied the 
Class A Pass-through Notes Principal Redemption Amount, the Class B Pass-through 
Notes Principal Redemption Amount, the Class C Pass-through Notes Principal 
Redemption Amount and the Class D Pass-through Notes Principal Redemption 
Amount and (ii) prior to a Trigger Event, if the Pro-rata Condition is not satisfied, the 
Pass-through Principal Available Amount, and (iii) on or after a Trigger Event the 
Principal Available Amount, on the Note Calculation Date relating to that Note Payment 
Date, divided in the case of (ii) and (iii) by (b) the Principal Amount Outstanding of 
Notes of the relevant Class subject to such redemption and multiplied by the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of such Note (rounded down to the nearest euro), provided always 
that the Principal Redemption Amount may never exceed the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the relevant Note of the relevant Class. Following application of the 
Principal Redemption Amount to redeem a Note, the Principal Amount Outstanding of 
such Note will be reduced accordingly. 
(e) 
Soft-bullet Notes will not be redeemable up to the relevant Step-up Date except in 
certain circumstances described in this Condition 6 and applicable Final Terms. After

--- Page 131 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
131 
the Step-up Date relating to the relevant Series and Class or Sub-class thereof, the Soft-
bullet Notes of such Series and Class or Sub-class will become Pass-through Notes. 
6.3 
Determination of Principal Redemption Amount and Principal Amount Outstanding 
(a) 
On each Note Calculation Date, the Issuer shall determine (or cause the Administrator 
to determine): 
(i) 
the Principal Redemption Amount; 
(ii) 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Note on the first day 
following the relevant Note Payment Date (taking into account the amount in 
(a)); and 
(iii) 
the fraction expressed as a decimal to the twelfth point (the "Note Factor"), of 
which the numerator is the Principal Amount Outstanding of a Note of each 
Series and Class or Sub-class of Notes (as referred to in (b) above) and the 
denominator is the Principal Amount Outstanding of a Note of such Series and 
Class or Sub-class of Notes on its Issue Date).  
Each determination by or on behalf of the Issuer of any Principal Redemption Amount 
or the Principal Amount Outstanding of a Note shall in each case (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on all persons. 
(b) 
The Issuer will cause each determination of a Principal Redemption Amount the Note 
Factor and the Principal Amount Outstanding of Notes to be notified no later than as in 
line with the rules of the Clearing System to the Security Agent, the Domiciliary Agent, 
the Reference Agent and to the holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices). If no Principal Redemption Amount is due to be paid on the Notes on the 
applicable Note Payment Date, a notice to this effect will be given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(c) 
If the Issuer does not at any time for any reason determine (or cause the Administrator 
to determine) the Principal Redemption Amount or the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of a Note, such Principal Redemption Amount or such Principal Amount Outstanding 
shall be determined by the Security Agent in accordance with this Condition (but based 
upon the information in its possession) as to the Principal Available Amount. Each such 
determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Issuer. 
6.4 
Optional Redemption 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem all of the Notes of a Series and Class, or all Notes of a 
Sub-class, if applicable, other than the Reserve Fund Notes of such Series, in whole but not in 
part, at their Principal Amount Outstanding together with any accrued interest and, in respect of 
the Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes, (i) subject to Condition 9.2 (Principal) 
and (ii) fulfilment of the Repayment Test, on the date specified as the Step-up Date for such 
Notes in the applicable Final Terms and on any Note Payment Date for such Notes thereafter, 
provided that the Issuer has sufficient funds available to it for this purpose. 
The Issuer shall notify the exercise of such option by giving not less than thirty (30) days' notice 
to the Noteholders and the Security Agent prior to the relevant Note Payment Date in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices).

--- Page 132 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
132 
6.5 
Notes clean-up call option 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem at their Principal Amount Outstanding together with any 
accrued interest and, in respect of the Class B Notes, Class C Notes, Class D Notes (i) subject 
to and in accordance with Condition 9.2 (Principal) and (ii) fulfilment of the Repayment Test, 
all of the Notes of any Series and Class or Sub-class, other than the Reserve Fund Note, in whole 
but not in part on each Note Payment Date on which the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Notes of such Series and Class or Sub-class is less than 10 per cent. of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of such Series and Class or Sub-class of Notes as at 
the Issue Date of such Series and Class or Sub-class of Notes, provided that the Issuer has 
sufficient funds available to it for this purpose. 
The Issuer shall notify the exercise of such option by giving not less than thirty (30) days' notice 
to the Noteholders and the Security Agent prior to the relevant Note Payment Date in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices). 
6.6 
Programme Clean-up call option 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem at their Principal Amount Outstanding together with any 
accrued interest and, in respect of the Class B Notes, Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E 
Notes, Class F Notes and Class G Notes subject to Condition 9.2 (Principal), redeem all of the 
Notes, but not some only, in case (i) the percentage of the Outstanding Principal Amount of all 
SME Receivables falls below 10 per cent. of the highest Outstanding Principal Amount of all 
SME Receivables reached since the Programme Closing Date or (ii) of the occurrence of an 
Assignment Notification Event, provided that in each case the Issuer has sufficient funds 
available to it for this purpose. 
The Issuer shall notify the exercise of such option by giving not less than 30 days' notice to the 
Noteholders and the Security Agent prior to the relevant Note Payment Date in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
6.7 
Redemption of Reserve Fund Notes 
The Reserve Fund Notes of a Series and Class or Sub-class will not be redeemable up to the 
Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Series and Class or Sub-
class, except as otherwise described in these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms. On the 
Maturity Date of a Reserve Fund Note of a Series and Class or Sub-class, the Issuer will, subject 
to (i) Condition 9.2 (Principal))and (ii) fulfilment of the Repayment Test, redeem the Reserve 
Fund Notes of such Series and Class, or Sub-class, as the case may be, at their Principal Amount 
Outstanding plus any accrued interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem such Reserve Fund Note in 
full (except for any Reserve Fund Shortfall related to such Note) on its Maturity Date, then on 
such date and on each Note Payment Date thereafter, the Issuer shall, subject to the Repayment 
Test, apply items (q), (r) and (s) of the Interest Priority of Payments to redeem such Reserve 
Fund Note until redeemed in full. The Issuer shall use its best efforts to issue new Reserve Fund 
Notes, or, if the Issuer is unable to issue sufficient new Reserve Fund Notes, to sell SME 
Receivables to the extent necessary, in order to meet the Repayment Test and to be able to 
redeem the Reserve Fund Notes on their Maturity Date. 
6.8 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at their Principal 
Amount Outstanding plus any accrued interest, (in respect of the Class B Notes, the Class C

--- Page 133 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
133 
Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes and the Class G Notes subject 
to Condition 9.2 (Principal)), on any Note Payment Date if, immediately prior to the giving of 
the notice referred to below, the Issuer has satisfied the Security Agent that: 
(a) 
on the next Note Payment Date the Issuer, the National Bank of Belgium as operator of 
the Clearing System, the Domiciliary Agent or any other person would be required to 
deduct or withhold for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed by the Kingdom of Belgium (or 
any sub-division or authority thereof or therein) from any payment of principal or 
interest in respect of Notes held by or on behalf of any Noteholder as a result of any 
amendment to, or change in, the tax laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Belgium (or 
of any sub-division or authority thereof or therein having power to tax) or in the 
interpretation by a revenue authority or a court of, or in the administration of, such laws 
or regulations, which becomes effective on or after the relevant Issue Date and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; 
and 
(b) 
the Issuer will have sufficient funds available as determined on the Note Calculation 
Date immediately preceding such Note Payment Date to discharge all amounts of 
principal (subject to Condition 9.2 (Principal)) and interest due in respect of the Notes 
and any amounts required to be paid in priority or pari passu with each Class of Notes 
in accordance with the Security Agent Agreement. 
The Issuer shall notify the exercise of such option by giving not less than thirty (30) days' notice 
to the Noteholders and the Security Agent prior to the relevant Note Payment Date. 
6.9 
Redemption for regulatory reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Note 
Payment Date at their Principal Amount Outstanding plus any accrued interest and, in respect 
of the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes 
and the Class G Notes subject to Condition 9.2 (Principal), if the Seller exercises its option to 
repurchase the SME Receivables from the Issuer upon the occurrence of : 
(a) 
a change published on or after Programme Closing Date in the Basel Capital Accord 
promulgated by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, as updated and amended 
from time to time (the "Basel Accord") or in the international, European or Belgian 
regulations, rules and instructions (which includes the solvency regulations of the 
National Bank of Belgium) (the "Bank Regulations") applicable to the relevant Seller 
(including any change in the Bank Regulations enacted for purposes of implementing a 
change to the Basel Accord); or  
(b) 
a change in the manner in which the Basel Accord or such Bank Regulations are 
interpreted or applied by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or by any 
relevant competent international, European or national body (including the European 
Central Bank, the National Bank of Belgium, or other competent international, 
European or national regulatory or supervisory authority) which, in the opinion of the 
relevant Seller, has the effect of adversely affecting the rate of return on capital of the 
Seller or increasing the cost or reducing the benefit to the Seller with respect to the 
transaction contemplated by the Notes; or

--- Page 134 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
134 
(c) 
a change in the eligible collateral framework of the European Central Bank as a result 
of which the Class A Notes no longer qualify as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy purposes and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, 
(any such change a "Regulatory Change"), provided that the Issuer will have sufficient funds 
available on the Note Calculation Date immediately preceding such Note Payment Date to 
discharge all amounts of principal (subject to Condition 9.2 (Principal)) and interest due in 
respect of the Notes and any amounts required to be paid in priority or pari passu with each 
Series and Class or Sub-class of Notes in accordance with the Security Agent Agreement. 
The Issuer shall notify the exercise of such option by giving not less than thirty (30) days' notice 
to the Noteholders and the Security Agent prior to the relevant Note Payment Date. 
6.10 
Redemption for Change of Law 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Note 
Payment Date at their Principal Amount Outstanding plus any accrued interest and, in respect 
of the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes 
and the Class G Notes subject to Condition 9.2 (Principal), if: 
(a) 
there is a change in, or any amendment to the laws, regulations, decrees or guidelines 
of the Kingdom of Belgium or of any authority therein or thereof having legislative or 
regulatory powers or in the interpretation by a relevant authority or a court of, or in the 
administration of, such laws, regulations, decrees or guidelines after the Programme 
Closing Date which would or could affect the Issuer or the Noteholders in a materially 
adverse way, as certified by the Security Agent (an "Optional Redemption in case of 
Change of Law"); ans 
(b) 
the Issuer will have sufficient funds available on the Note Calculation Date immediately 
preceding such Note Payment Date to discharge all amounts of principal (subject to 
Condition 9.2 (Principal)) and interest due in respect of the Notes and any amounts 
required to be paid in priority or pari passu with each Series and Class or Sub-class of 
Notes in accordance with the Security Agent Agreement. 
The Issuer shall notify the exercise of such option by giving not less than thirty (30) days' notice 
to the Noteholders and the Security Agent prior to the relevant Note Payment Date. 
6.11 
Early redemption of Series-0 Notes 
Provided that no Enforcement Notice has been served in accordance with Condition 10 (Events 
of Default), and no Trigger Event has occurred, subject to a thirty (30) days' notice period (unless 
the Issuer agrees to a shorter notice period): 
(a) 
any holder of a Note of Series-0 (other than Reserve Fund Notes) may request the Issuer 
to redeem such Note and the Issuer shall following such request apply part of the 
Principal Available Amount, towards the redemption of those Series-0 Notes (other than 
the Reserve Fund Notes), subject to the Principal Priority of Payments, the Conditions, 
the Repayment Test and the Security Agent Agreement; 
(b) 
any holder of a Reserve Fund Note of Series-0 may request the Issuer to redeem such 
Note and the Issuer shall following such request apply amounts credited on the Reserve 
Account towards the redemption purchase of Reserve Fund Notes of Series-0, subject 
to the Repayment Test.

--- Page 135 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
135 
The amount to be paid in redemption of such Notes will be equal to the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of such Notes less any Principal Shortfall or Reserve Fund Shortfal 
attributed to such Note. 
6.12 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed in full pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or in part (in the event that any 
claim on the Notes remains unsatisfied after the enforcement of the Security and the application 
of the proceeds in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments) or otherwise 
surrendered, will be cancelled upon such redemption or surrender of rights or title to the Notes 
and may not be resold or re-issued. 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1 
All payments of, or in respect of, principal of and interest on, the Notes will be made without 
withholding of, or deduction for, or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure 
to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the Kingdom of Belgium, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction for or on account of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges are 
required by law or FATCA. In that event, the Issuer or the Domiciliary Agent (as the case may 
be) will make the required withholding or deduction for or on account of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges for the account of the Noteholders, as the case may be, and shall not pay 
any additional amounts to such Noteholders in respect of any such withholding or deduction. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Domiciliary Agent nor any other person will be obliged to gross up 
the payments in respect of the Notes of any Series, Class or Sub-class or to make any additional 
payments to any Noteholders. 
7.2 
The Issuer, the Clearing System Operator, the Domiciliary Agent or any other person being 
required to make a tax deduction shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal or interest under the Notes shall become time barred ten or five years, 
respectively, after their relevant due date. 
9. 
SUBORDINATION AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
9.1 
Interest 
Interest on the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class 
F Notes and the Class G Notes shall be payable in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 
4 (Interest) and Condition 6 (Redemption and Cancellation), subject to the terms of this 
Condition. 
In the event that on any relevant Note Calculation Date the Interest Available Amount is 
insufficient to satisfy the obligation of the Issuer in respect of amounts of interest due on any 
Class of Notes (other than the Class A Notes) on the next Note Payment Date, the amount 
available (if any) shall be applied pro rata to the amount of the interest due on such Note 
Payment Date to the holders of the relevant Class of Notes and the amount of the shortfall (the 
"Interest Deficiency") shall be credited to the Interest Deficiency Ledger of the relevant Class 
of Notes. Any Interest Deficiency in respect of a Class of Notes shall not be treated as due on 
that date for the purposes of Condition 4 (Interest), but shall accrue interest as long as it remains

--- Page 136 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
136 
outstanding at the rate of interest applicable to the relevant Class of Notes for such period, and 
shall be aggregated with the amount of, and treated for the purpose of these Conditions as if it 
were interest due, subject to this Condition, on each Note of the relevant Class on the next 
succeeding Note Payment Date. 
9.2 
Principal 
(a) 
Upon and after the occurrence of a Trigger Event or the service of an Enforcement 
Notice, a holder of any Class of Notes (other than Class A Notes) will not be entitled to 
any repayment of principal in respect of such Class of Notes until the date on which the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the higher ranking Class(es) of Notes (as specified in 
Condition 2.2) is reduced to zero. 
(b) 
If, on any date, there is a balance on the Principal Deficiency Ledger in respect of any 
Class of Notes (other than the Reserve Fund Notes), then notwithstanding any other 
provisions of these Conditions the principal amount payable on redemption, including 
mandatory redemption in accordance with and subject to Condition 6.2 (Mandatory 
redemption) in respect of each Note of that Class on such Note Payment Date shall not 
exceed its Principal Amount Outstanding less the Principal Shortfall in respect of that 
Note on such Note Payment Date. The Principal Shortfall in respect of any Note (other 
than a Reserve Fund Note) shall mean an amount equal to the quotient of the balance 
on the Principal Deficiency Ledger in respect of the Class of that Note on the preceding 
Note Payment Date or, if such date is a Note Payment Date, this date divided by the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes of that Class on such Note 
Payment Date multiplied by the Principal Amount Outstanding of that Note. 
(c) 
If, on any date, there is a balance on the Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger in respect of 
any Class of Reserve Fund Notes , then notwithstanding any other provisions of these 
Conditions the principal amount payable on redemption shall not exceed its Principal 
Amount Outstanding less the Reserve Fund Shortfall in respect of that Note on such 
date. The Reserve Fund Shortfall in respect of any Reserve Fund Note on a given date 
shall mean an amount equal to the quotient of the balance on the Reserve Fund 
Deficiency Ledger in respect of the Class of that Note on this date divided by the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes of that Class on such date 
multiplied by the Principal Amount Outstanding of that Note.  
9.3 
General 
In the event that the Security in respect of the Notes appertaining thereto has been fully enforced 
and the proceeds of such enforcement, after payment of all other claims ranking under the 
Security Agent Agreement in priority to a Class of Notes are insufficient to pay in full all 
principal and interest and other amounts whatsoever due in respect of such Class of Notes, the 
Noteholders of the relevant Class of Notes shall have no further claim against the Issuer or the 
Security Agent in respect of any such unpaid amounts. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
The Security Agent at its discretion may, or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (in 
respect of all Series) of the Noteholders of the highest ranking Class of Notes outstanding 
(subject, in each case, to being indemnified to its satisfaction) (in each case, the "Relevant 
Class") shall (but in the case of the occurrence of any of the events mentioned in (b) below, only 
if the Security Agent shall have certified in writing to the Issuer that such an event is, in its

--- Page 137 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
137 
opinion, materially prejudicial to the Noteholders of the Relevant Class) give notice (an 
"Enforcement Notice") to the Issuer that the Notes are, and each Note shall become, 
immediately due and payable at their or its Principal Amount Outstanding, together with accrued 
interest, if any of the following shall occur: 
(a) 
default is made for a period of fifteen (15) days or more in the payment on the due date 
of any amount due in respect of the Notes; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the occurrence of any amounts of Interest Deficiency in respect of any Class of Notes 
(other than the Class A Notes) or amounts of Principal Shortfall or Reserve Fund 
Shortfall shall not constitute an Event of Default; 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform any of its other obligations binding on it under the Notes, the 
Security Agent Agreement, the Domiciliary Agency Agreement or the Pledge 
Agreement and, except where such failure, in the reasonable opinion of the Security 
Agent, is incapable of remedy, such default continues for a period of thirty (30) days 
after written notice by the Security Agent to the Issuer requiring the same to be 
remedied; or 
(c) 
if a conservatory attachment (conservatoir beslag/saisie conservatoire) or an executory 
attachment (executoriaal beslag/saisie exécutoire) on any major part of the Issuer's 
assets is made and not discharged or released within a period of thirty (30) days; or 
(d) 
an order being made or an effective resolution being passed for the winding-up 
(ontbinding/dissolution) of the Issuer except a winding up for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation or reconstruction the terms of which have previously been 
approved by the Security Agent in writing or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders; or 
(e) 
the Issuer, otherwise than for the purposes of such amalgamation or reconstruction as is 
referred to in sub-paragraph (d) above, ceasing or, through an official action of the board 
of directors of the Issuer, threatening to cease to carry on business or the Issuer being 
unable to pay its debts as and when they fall due or the value of its assets falling to less 
than the amount of its liabilities or otherwise becomes insolvent; or 
(f) 
proceedings shall be initiated against or by the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, 
composition, insolvency or other similar law including the procedures provided for in 
Book XX of the Belgian Code of Economic Law or an administrative receiver or other 
receiver, administrator or other similar official (including a voorlopig bewindvoerder / 
administrateur provisoire (ad hoc administrator)) has been appointed in relation to the 
Issuer or in relation to the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
the Issuer or a bevel tot betalen/commandement (notice of demand) is notified to the 
Issuer under Articles 1499 or 1564 of the Gerechtelijk Wetboek/Code Judiciaire 
(Judicial Code), or uitvoerend beslag/saisie exécutoire (distraint) is carried out in 
respect of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer and 
in any of the foregoing cases it shall not be discharged within thirty (30) Business Days; 
or 
(g) 
any action is taken by any authority, court or tribunal, which results in the loss of the 
Issuer of its status as an "institutional VBS" or which in the reasonable opinion of the 
Security Agent, after consultation with the Issuer and the Administrator, is very likely 
to result in the loss of such status and would adversely affect the Programme,

--- Page 138 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
138 
provided that, if Notes of a higher ranking Class are outstanding, no Enforcement Notice may 
or shall be given by the Security Agent to the Issuer in respect of a lower ranking Class of Notes, 
irrespective of whether an Extraordinary Resolution is passed by the Noteholders of the lower 
Class(es) of Notes, unless an Enforcement Notice in respect of the highest ranking Class of 
Notes outstanding has been given by the Security Agent. In exercising its discretion as to 
whether or not to give an Enforcement Notice to the Issuer in respect of the highest ranking 
Class of Notes outstanding, the Security Agent shall not be required to have regard to the 
interests of the Noteholders of a lower ranking Class of Notes. 
The issuance of an Enforcement Notice will be reported to the Noteholders without undue delay 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).  
11. 
ENFORCEMENT 
11.1 
At any time after the Notes of any Class become due and payable, the Security Agent may, at 
its discretion and without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings as it 
may think fit to enforce the terms of the Security Agent Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and 
the Notes, but it need not take any such proceedings unless (i) it shall have been directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of the highest ranking Class of Notes of all Series 
outstanding and (ii) it shall have been indemnified to its satisfaction. 
11.2 
No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Security Agent, having 
become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is 
continuing. 
11.3 
The Noteholders and the Security Agent may not institute against, or join any person in 
instituting against, the Issuer any bankruptcy, winding-up, reorganisation, arrangement, 
insolvency or liquidation proceeding until the expiry of a period of at least one (1) year after the 
latest maturing Note is paid in full. The Noteholders accept and agree that the only remedy of 
the Security Agent against the Issuer after any of the Notes have become due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default) above is to enforce the Security. 
12. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE SECURITY AGENT 
The Security Agent Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the Security 
Agent and for its relief from responsibility (see also Annex 1 (Security Agent Provisions) which 
is incorporated in these Conditions as if set out herein). 
13. 
NOTICES 
13.1 
All notices to Noteholders (including notices for convening meetings of Noteholders) shall be 
deemed to have been duly given by delivery of the relevant notice to that Clearing System 
Operator for communication by it to the relevant account holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date on the date and at the time it is delivered to the Clearing 
System. 
13.2 
No notifications in any such form will be required for convening meetings of Noteholders if all 
Noteholders have been identified and have been given an appropriate notice by registered mail.

--- Page 139 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
139 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
The Articles 7:161 to 7:176 of the Code of Companies and Associations shall only apply to the 
extent that the Conditions, the Articles of Association of the Issuer or the Relevant Documents 
do not contain provisions which differ from the provisions contained in such articles.  
The Security Agent Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders 
to consider matters affecting the interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a change of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Relevant Documents. 
See also Annex 2 (Provisions for meetings of Noteholders) which is incorporated in these 
Conditions as if set out herein.  
All resolutions passes at any meeting of Noteholders shall be notified to the Rating Agencies. 
14.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
A meeting of Noteholders may be convened by the Issuer, the Security Agent or by Noteholders 
of any Series and Class holding not less than 10 per cent. in Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Notes of such Series and Class. 
In respect of each Class of Notes the Security Agent Agreement provides that: 
(a) 
a resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, affects the interests of the 
holders of a Class of Notes of one Series only, shall be deemed to have been duly passed, 
if passed at a meeting of the Noteholders of such Class of that Series; 
(b) 
a resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, affects the interests of the 
holders of a Class of Notes of any two or more Series but does not give rise to a conflict 
of interest between the Noteholders of such Class of such two or more Series, shall be 
deemed to have been duly passed, if passed at a single meeting of the Noteholders of 
such Class of such two or more Series;  
(c) 
a resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, affects the interests of the 
holders of a Class of Notes of any two or more Series and gives or may give rise to a 
conflict of interest between the Noteholders of such Class of such two or more Series, 
shall be deemed to have been duly passed only, instead of being passed in a single 
meeting of such Noteholders, if passed at separate meetings of the Noteholders of such 
Class of such two or more Series. 
In respect of each Sub-class of Notes the Security Agent Agreement provides that: 
(a) 
a resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, affects the interests of the 
holders of one Sub-class of a Class of Notes only, shall be deemed to have been duly 
passed, if passed at a meeting of the Noteholders of such Sub-class of that Class; 
(b) 
a resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, affects the interests of the 
holders of more than one Sub-class of Notes of the same Class but does not give rise to 
a conflict of interest between the Noteholders of such Sub-classes of Notes, shall be 
deemed to have been duly passed, if passed at a single meeting of the Noteholders of 
such Sub-classes of Notes;  
(c) 
a resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, affects the interests of the 
holders of more than one Sub-class of the same Class of Notes and gives or may give

--- Page 140 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
140 
rise to a conflict of interest between the Noteholders of such Sub-classes, shall be 
deemed to have been duly passed only, instead of being passed in a single meeting of 
such Noteholders, if passed at separate meetings of the Noteholders of such Sub-classes 
of Notes. 
14.2 
Basic Terms Change 
No Basic Terms Change shall be effective unless such Basic Term Change is sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of the relevant Series and Class or Sub-class, 
except that, if the Security Agent is of the opinion that such a Basic Terms Change is being 
proposed by the Issuer as a result of, or in order to avoid, an Event of Default, no such 
Extraordinary Resolution is required. 
14.3 
Extraordinary Resolution 
(a) 
Quorum and majority 
The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution for the 
Notes of any Series and Class or of any one or more Series of the same Class or of one 
or more Sub-classes, will be two-thirds of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Notes of such Series and Class or of such one or more Series of the same Class, or of 
such one or more Sub-classes and at such a meeting an Extraordinary Resolution is 
adopted with not less than a two-third majority of the validly cast votes, except that the 
quorum required for an Extraordinary Resolution including the sanctioning of a Basic 
Terms Change shall be at least 75 per cent. of the amount of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Notes of such Series and Class or of such one or more Series of the 
same Class, or of such one or more Sub-classes and the majority required shall be at 
least 75 per cent. of the validly cast votes at that Extraordinary Resolution. If at such 
meeting the aforesaid quorum is not represented, a second meeting of Noteholders will 
be held within one month, with due observance of the same formalities for convening 
the meeting which governed the convening of the first meeting; at such second meeting 
an Extraordinary Resolution is adopted with not less than a two-thirds majority of the 
validly cast votes, except that for an Extraordinary Resolution including a sanctioning 
of a Basic Terms Change the majority required shall be 75 per cent. of the validly cast 
votes, regardless of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such Series and 
Class or of such one or more Series of the same Class, or of such one or more Sub-
classes then represented. 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on all Noteholders of the 
relevant Class and relevant one or more Series, or of such one or more Sub-classes 
(whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed). 
A resolution signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders of the relevant one or more 
Series and Class or relevant one or more Sub-classes, who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of a meeting under the Security Agent Agreement shall for all purposes 
be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed by a meeting of such 
one or more Series and Class of Noteholders or such one or more Sub-classes of 
Noteholders.

--- Page 141 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
141 
(b) 
Limitations 
No Extraordinary Resolution to sanction a change which would have the effect of 
accelerating or increasing the maturity of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the 
Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes or the Class G 
Notes of any one or more Series, as the case may be, or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, increasing the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of 
the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class 
E Notes, the Class F Notes or the Class G Notes of any one or more Series, as the case 
may be, shall take effect unless it shall have been sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders of the other Classes of each Series of the Notes then 
outstanding or such change is in the opinion of the Security Agent not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of other Noteholders of each Series. 
An Extraordinary Resolution of the Class B Noteholders of any Series or any Sub-class 
thereof and/or the Class C Noteholders of any Series or any Sub-class thereof and/or the 
Class D Noteholders of any Series or any Sub-class thereof and/or the Class E 
Noteholders of any Series or any Sub-class thereof and/or the Class F Noteholders of 
any Series or any Sub-class thereof and/or the Class G Noteholders of any Series or any 
Sub-class thereof shall only be effective when the Security Agent is of the opinion that 
it will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A Noteholders of each 
Series and/or, as the case may be, the Class B Noteholders of each Series and/or, as the 
case may be, the Class C Noteholders of each Series and/or, as the case may be, the 
Class D Noteholders of each Series and/or, as the case may be, the Class E Noteholders 
of each Series and/or, as the case may be, the Class F Noteholders of each Series or it is 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Class A Noteholders of each Series, 
or the Class B Noteholders of each Series, or the Class C Noteholders of each Series, or 
the Class D Noteholders of each Series, or the Class E Noteholders of each Series, or 
the Class F Noteholders of each Series, as the case may be. The Security Agent 
Agreement imposes no such limitations on the powers of the Class A Noteholders of 
any Series, or Sub-class thereof (subject to this Condition 14 (Meetings of 
Noteholders)), the exercise of which will be binding on the Class B Noteholders, the 
Class C Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F 
Notehoders and the Class G Noteholders (in any case of that Series or of any other 
Series), irrespective of the effect on their interests. 
(c) 
Programme Resolution 
(i) 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraphs of this Condition 14 (Meetings of 
Noteholders), any Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of any Class of 
Notes to direct the Security Agent: 
(A) 
to take any enforcement action pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of 
Default) and Condition 11 (Enforcement); or  
(B) 
to remove or replace the Security Agent, 
(each a "Programme Resolution"), shall only be capable of being passed at a 
single meeting of the Noteholders of all Series of such Class of Notes.  
(ii) 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing a Programme Resolution shall be 
one or more persons holding or representing more than two-thirds of the

--- Page 142 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
142 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such Class or, at any 
adjourned and reconvened meeting, one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders of such Class of Notes, whatever the aggregate principal Amount 
Outstanding of such Class of Notes so held or represented by them, provided 
that if such Programme Resolution relates to the removal and replacement of 
any or all of the managing directors of the Security Agent, at least thirty (30) 
per cent. of the Notes of the relevant Class of all Series should be represented 
on any second meeting.  
(iii) 
Any such meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by 
the Issuer, the Security Agent or by Noteholders of such Class of Notes. A 
Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders of all Series 
of such Class of Notes shall be binding on all Noteholders of all Series of such 
Class of Notes, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
14.4 
Other or further regulations 
The Issuer may with the consent of the Security Agent and without the consent of the 
Noteholders prescribe such other or further regulations regarding the holding of meetings of 
Noteholders and attendance and voting thereat as are necessary to comply with Belgian law. 
15. 
MODIFICATIONS, WAIVERS, AUTHORISATIONS BY THE SECURITY AGENT 
15.1 
Provided that the conditions included in Condition 15.3 are met, the Security Agent may on 
behalf of the Noteholders and without the consent of the Noteholders or the other Secured 
Parties at any time and from time to time, agree to: 
(a) 
any modification of any of the provisions of the Relevant Documents which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error; and  
(b) 
any other modification (except if prohibited in the Relevant Documents), and any 
waiver or authorisation of an Event of Default and/or any breach or proposed breach, of 
any of the provisions of the Conditions of any Series and Class or any Sub-class of 
Notes and/or Relevant Documents which is in the opinion of the Security Agent not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of such Series and Class or such 
Sub-class of Notes or of any Series and Class of Notes. 
15.2 
Provided that the conditions included in Condition 15.3 are met, the Security Agent may also 
on behalf of the Noteholders and without the consent of the Noteholders or the other Secured 
Parties at any time and from time to time, concur with the Issuer or any other person in making 
any modification:  
(a) 
to these Conditions or any of the Relevant Documents in order to enable the Issuer 
and/or the Interest Swap Counterparty to comply with any obligation which applies to 
it under Articles 9, 10 and 11 of Regulation (EU) 648/2012 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories 
dated 4 July 2012 (including, without limitation, any associated regulatory technical 
standards and advice, guidance or recommendations from relevant supervisory 
regulators) (the "EMIR Requirements") or any other obligation which applies to it 
under the EMIR Requirements and/or any new regulatory requirements, subject to 
receipt by the Security Agent of a certificate of the Issuer and, where the amendment 
has been requested by the Interest Swap Counterparty, the Interest Swap Counterparty

--- Page 143 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
143 
certifying to the Security Agent that the amendments requested by the Issuer or the 
Interest Swap Counterparty, as the case may be, are to be made solely for the purpose 
of enabling the Issuer or the Interest Swap Counterparty, as the case may be, to satisfy 
the EMIR Requirements, provided that the Security Agent shall not be obliged to agree 
to any modification which, in the reasonable opinion of the Security Agent, would have 
the effect of (A) exposing the Security Agent to any additional liability or (B) adding to 
or increasing the obligations, liabilities or duties, or decreasing the protections, of the 
Security Agent or the Noteholders in respect of the Notes, the Relevant Documents 
and/or the Conditions, (C) as from the Securitisation Regulation being applicable to the 
Programme and the Notes, the Programme, any Notes or any Relevant Document not 
complying with the requirements set out in the Securitisation Regulation, in each case, 
further provided that the Security Agent has received written confirmation from the 
Interest Swap Counterparty in respect of the Interest Swap Agreement that it has 
consented to such amendment; or 
(b) 
to these Conditions or any of the Relevant Documents in order to enable the Issuer (or 
in respect of the Securitisation Regulation the Originator) to comply with any obligation 
which applies to it under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/3 (the "CRA3 Requirements"), under the 
Securitisation Regulation or Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRR 
Amendment Regulation") and/or any new regulatory requirements (including, without 
limitation, any associated regulatory technical standards and advice, guidance or 
recommendations from relevant supervisory regulators to the CRA3 Requirements, the 
Securitisation Regulation and/or the CRR Amendment Regulation), subject to receipt 
by the Security Agent of a certificate of the Issuer certifying to the Security Agent that 
the amendments requested by the Issuer are to be made solely for the purpose of 
enabling the Issuer to satisfy its requirements under the CRA3 Requirements, the 
Securitisation Regulation, the CRR Amendment Regulation and/or any new regulatory 
requirements provided that the Security Agent shall not be obliged to agree to any 
modification which, in the reasonable opinion of the Security Agent, would have the 
effect of (i) exposing the Security Agent to any additional liability or (ii) adding to or 
increasing the obligations, liabilities or duties, or decreasing the protections, of the 
Security Agent or the Noteholders in respect of the Notes, the Relevant Documents 
and/or the Conditions or (iii) as from the Securitisation Regulation being applicable to 
the Programme and the Notes, the Programme, any Notes or any Relevant Document 
not complying with the requirements set out in the Securitisation Regulation; 
(c) 
to these Conditions or any of the Relevant Documents in order to enable the Issuer to 
change the base rate on the Floating Rate Notes from EURIBOR to an alternative base 
rate (any such rate, an "Alternative Base Rate") (and such other amendments as are 
necessary or advisable in the reasonable judgment of the Issuer to facilitate such change) 
to the extent there has been or there is reasonably expected to be a material disruption 
or cessation to EURIBOR, provided that: 
(i) 
such modification is being undertaken due to:

--- Page 144 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
144 
(I) 
a material disruption to EURIBOR, an adverse change in the 
methodology of calculating EURIBOR or EURIBOR ceasing to exist 
or be published; 
(II) 
a public statement by the administrator of EURIBOR that it will cease 
publishing EURIBOR permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator for EURIBOR has been appointed 
that will continue publication of EURIBOR) and such cessation is 
reasonably expected by the Issuer to occur prior to the latest Final 
Maturity Date of any of the Notes; 
(III) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of EURIBOR 
that EURIBOR has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued or will be changed in an adverse manner and such 
cessation is reasonably expected by the Issuer to occur prior to the latest 
Final Maturity Date of any of the Notes;  
(IV) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of EURIBOR 
that means EURIBOR may no longer be used or that its use is subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences; 
(V) 
the reasonable expectation of the Issuer that any of the events specified 
in sub-paragraphs (I), (II), (III) or (IV) will occur or exist within six 
months of the proposed effective date of such modification, and 
and, in each case, has been drafted solely to such effect; and 
(ii) 
such Alternative Base Rate is:  
(I) 
a base rate published, endorsed, approved or recognised by the FSMA, 
any regulator in the European Union or any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are listed or any relevant committee or other body established, 
sponsored or approved by any of the foregoing; 
(II) 
a base rate utilised in a material number of publicly-listed new issues of 
Euro-denominated asset backed floating rate notes prior to the effective 
date of such modification (for these purposes, unless agreed otherwise 
by the Security Agent, such issues shall be considered material); 
(III) 
a base rate utilised in a publicly-listed new issue of Euro-denominated 
asset backed floating rate notes where the Originator of the relevant 
assets is the Seller; 
and, in each case, the change to the Alternative Base Rate will not, in its opinion, 
be materially prejudicial to the interest of the Noteholder or, as from the 
Securitisation Regulation being applicable to the Programme and the Notes, 
resulting in the Programme, any Note or any Relevant Document not complying 
with the requirements set out in the Securitisation Regulation; and 
(iii) 
provided further that:  
(I) 
the party proposing the modification to a Relevant Document, if 
possible and if necessary with the cooperation of the Issuer, obtains

--- Page 145 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
145 
from each of the Rating Agencies written confirmation (or certifies in 
writing to the Issuer and the Security Agent that the Rating Agencies 
have been informed of the proposed modification and none of the 
Rating Agencies has indicated that such modification would result in a 
downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings 
assigned to the Notes by such Rating Agency) that such modification 
would not result in a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then 
current ratings assigned to the Notes by such Rating Agency and, if 
relevant, delivers a copy of each such confirmation to the Issuer and the 
Security Agent; or  
(II) 
the Issuer certifies in writing to the Security Agent that the Rating 
Agencies have been informed of the proposed modification and none of 
the Rating Agencies has indicated within 30 Business Days after being 
informed thereof that such modification would result in a downgrade, 
withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned to the 
Notes by such Rating Agency; and 
(VI) 
the Security Agent shall not be obliged to agree to any modification 
which, in the reasonable opinion of the Security Agent, would have the 
effect of (i) exposing the Security Agent to any additional liability or 
(ii) adding to or increasing the obligations, liabilities or duties, or 
decreasing the protections, of the Security Agent or the Noteholders in 
respect of the Notes, the Relevant Documents and/or the Conditions; 
15.3 
The Security Agent shall notify the Rating Agencies in advance of any such modification, 
authorisation or waiver pursuant to this Condition 15 (Modifications, waivers, authorisations by 
the Security Agent) and shall have received sufficient comfort that the ratings assigned to the 
Notes of such Series and Class or such Sub-class or of any Series and Class will not be changed 
below the Minimum Ratings of the Notes or, if the ratings of the Notes are below the Minimum 
Ratings, will not be adversely affected (or withdrawn) by any such modification, authorisation 
or waiver.  
15.4 
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver pursuant to this Condition 15 (Modifications, 
waivers, authorisations by the Security Agent) shall be binding on the Noteholders and, if the 
Security Agent so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders of such Series 
and Class or such Sub-class of Notes or of any Series and Class of Notes in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. The Issuer shall also cause notice of 
any such modification to be given to the Administrator, the Pool Servicer, the Domiciliary Agent 
and the Dealers. 
15.5 
Any such modification of a Relevant Document must be approved by each party thereto, except 
as expressly set out above. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW 
The Notes are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of Belgium. In 
relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes the 
Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the Courts of Brussels, Belgium. This 
submission is made for the exclusive benefit of the holders of the Notes and the Security Agent 
and shall not affect their right to take such action or bring such proceedings in any other courts 
of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 146 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
146 
17. 
DEFINITIONS 
Unless otherwise defined in these Conditions or unless the context otherwise requires, in these 
Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings. Any other capitalized terms 
used in these Conditions shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Master Definitions 
Schedule to the Programme Agreement. 
"Administrator" means Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. with its registered office at Basisweg 10, 
1043 AP Amsterdam, the Netherlands, in its capacity as administrator of the Issuer under the 
Servicing Agreement, or its successor or successors; 
"Borrower"  means a debtor, whether an individual or a moral person, including any jointly and 
severally liable co-debtors, of the SME Receivables; 
"Business Day" means a day on which banks are open for business in Brussels and Luxembourg, 
provided that such day is also a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement European Transfer System (TARGET System) or any successor thereto is operating 
credit or transfer instructions in respect of payments in euro; 
"Class A Noteholders" means the several persons who are for the time being holders of any 
Class A Notes; 
"Class A Notes" means the Class A Notes of all Series, or, if the context so requires, the Class 
A Notes of the relevant Series;  
"Class A Pass-through Notes" means, on any date, the Class A Notes which are subject to 
mandatory repayment on the next Note Payment Date; 
"Class A Pass-through Notes Principal Available Amount" means, on any date, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula, if the Pro-rata Condition is satisfied: 
A x B/C, where: 
A = the Pass-through Principal Available Amount; 
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class A Pass-through Notes outstanding at such 
Note Payment Date; 
C = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Pass-through Notes, outstanding at such Note 
Payment Date. 
"Class B Interest Deficiency Ledger" means a ledger established for the purpose of recording 
any shortfall in funds available to the Issuer to satisfy its obligations in respect of amounts of 
interest due on the Class B Notes; 
"Class B Noteholders" means the several persons who are for the time being holders of any 
Class B Notes; 
"Class B Notes" means the Class B Notes of all Series, or, if the context so requires, the Class 
B Notes of the relevant Series; 
"Class B Pass-through Notes" means, on any date, the Class B Notes which are subject to 
mandatory repayment on the next Note Payment Date;

--- Page 147 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
147 
"Class B Pass-through Notes Principal Available Amount" means, on any date, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula, if the Pro-rata Condition is satisfied: 
A x B/C, where: 
A = the Pass-through Principal Available Amount; 
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class B Pass-through Notes outstanding at such 
Note Payment Date; 
C = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Pass-through Notes, outstanding at such Note 
Payment Date. 
"Class C Interest Deficiency Ledger" means a ledger established for the purpose of recording 
any shortfall in funds available to the Issuer to satisfy its obligations in respect of amounts of 
interest due on the Class C Notes; 
"Class C Noteholders" means the several persons who are for the time being holders of any 
Class C Notes; 
"Class C Notes" means the Class C Notes of all Series, or, if the context so requires, the Class 
C Notes of the relevant Series;  
"Class C Pass-through Notes" means, on any date, the Class C Notes which are subject to 
mandatory repayment on the next Note Payment Date; 
"Class C Pass-through Notes Principal Available Amount" means, on any date, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula, if the Pro-rata Condition is satisfied: 
A x B/C, where: 
A = the Pass-through Principal Available Amount; 
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class C Pass-through Notes outstanding at such 
Note Payment Date; 
C = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Pass-through Notes, outstanding at such Note 
Payment Date; 
"Class D Interest Deficiency Ledger" means a ledger established for the purpose of recording 
any shortfall in funds available to the Issuer to satisfy its obligations in respect of amounts of 
interest due on the Class D Notes; 
"Class D Noteholders" means the several persons who are for the time being holders of any 
Class D Notes;  
"Class D Notes" means the Class D Notes of all Series, or, if the context so requires, the Class 
D Notes of the relevant Series; 
"Class D Pass-through Notes" means, on any date, the Class D Notes which are subject to 
mandatory repayment on the next Note Payment Date; 
"Class D Pass-through Notes Available Amount" means, on any date, an amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula, if the Pro-rata Condition is satisfied:

--- Page 148 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
148 
A x B/C, where: 
A = the Pass-through Principal Available Amount; 
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class D Pass-through Notes outstanding at such 
Note Payment Date; 
C = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Pass-through Notes, outstanding at such Note 
Payment Date; 
"Class E Interest Deficiency Ledger" means a ledger established for the purpose of recording 
any shortfall in funds available to the Issuer to satisfy its obligations in respect of amounts of 
interest due on the Class E Notes; 
"Class E Noteholders" means the several persons who are for the time being holders of any 
Class E Notes; 
"Class E Notes" means the Class E Notes of all Series, or, if the context so requires, the Class 
E Notes of the relevant Series; 
"Class F Interest Deficiency Ledger" means a ledger established for the purpose of recording 
any shortfall in funds available to the Issuer to satisfy its obligations in respect of amounts of 
interest due on the Class F Notes; 
"Class F Noteholders" means the several persons who are for the time being holders of any 
Class F Notes; 
"Class F Notes" means the Class F Notes of all Series, or, if the context so requires, the Class 
F Notes of the relevant Series; 
"Class G Interest Deficiency Ledger" means a ledger established for the purpose of recording 
any shortfall in funds available to the Issuer to satisfy its obligations in respect of amounts of 
interest due on the Class G Notes; 
"Class G Noteholders" means the several persons who are for the time being holders of any 
Class G Notes; 
"Class G Notes" means the Class G Notes of all Series, or, if the context so requires, the Class 
G Notes of the relevant Series; 
"Domiciliary Agency Agreement" means the paying agency agreement entered into by the 
Issuer, the Domiciliary Agent, the Reference Agent and the Security Agent on 2 December 
2009, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; 
"Eligible Institution" means any credit institution with a rating by the Rating Agencies equal 
or equivalent to the Minimum Ratings; 
"Eligible Investments" means investments (other than SME Receivables and Related Security) 
by the Issuer in accordance with the Relevant Documents; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Security Agent Agreement; 
"Final Maturity Date" means in respect of the Notes of a Series and Class the final maturity 
date set out in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 149 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
149 
"Final Terms" means the duly completed final terms of which a form is set out in (Final Terms) 
of the Base Prospectus, as the same may be amended, restated and/or supplemented from time 
to time; 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, Succursale française; 
"Fixed Rate Notes" means any and all Notes with a fixed rate of interest; 
"Floating Rate Notes" means any and all Notes with a floating rate of interest;  
"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële 
Diensten en Markten / Autorité des services et marchés financiers), which is the Belgian 
competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation and relevant implementing 
measures in Belgium; 
"GIC Agreement" means the guaranteed investment contract entered into by the Issuer, the 
GIC Provider and the Security Agent on 2 December 2009, as amended, restated, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time; 
"GIC Provider" means BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV in its capacity as GIC provider under the 
GIC Agreement and/or its successor or successors; 
"GIC Provider Rating Downgrade Event means the event that respectively the short-term 
IDR (or deposit rating, if available), the long-term IDR (or deposit rating, if available) or the 
short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of the GIC Provider 
are assigned a rating of less than the GIC Provider Required Rating or such rating is withdrawn 
by any of the Rating Agencies; 
"GIC Provider Required Rating" means (i) a long-term IDR (or deposit rating, if available) 
of at least A by Fitch; (ii) a short-term IDR (or deposit rating, if available) of at least F1 by 
Fitch; and (iii) a rating of the short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations of at least Prime 1 by Moody’s; 
"Holding" means Stichting Holding Esmée, organised as a foundation (stichting/fondation) 
under Belgian law, with its registered office at Marnixlaan 23, 5th floor, 1000 Brussels, Belgium; 
"Interest Deficiency" means at any day, the amount standing to the credit of the Class B Interest 
Deficiency Ledger, the Class C Interest Deficiency Ledger, the Class D Interest Deficiency 
Ledger, the Class E Interest Deficiency Ledger, Class F Interest Deficiency Ledger, and Class 
G Interest Deficiency Ledger, on such day; 
"Interest Swap Counterparty" means any party who accedes to the Programme as Interest 
Swap Counterparty or their successor or successors; 
"Interest Swap Counterparty Rating Downgrade Event" means the event that (i) 
respectively, the long-term IDR (or derivative counter party rating, if available), the short-term 
IDR (or derivative counter party rating, if available), the long-term, unsecured, unsubordinated 
and unguaranteed debt obligations or the short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations, of the Interest Swap Counterparty or, if the Interest Swap 
Counterparty or these obligations of the Interest Swap Counterparty are not rated as such by the 
Rating Agencies, the guarantor who guarantees the obligations of such Interest Swap 
Counterparty are assigned a rating of less than the Interest Swap Counterparty Required Rating 
or such rating is withdrawn; or (ii) if the Interest Swap Counterparty or these obligations of the

--- Page 150 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
150 
Interest Swap Counterparty do not have the Interest Swap Provider Required Rating, the 
guarantor who guarantees the obligations of such Currency Swap Counterparty withdraws the 
relevant guarantee; 
"Interest Swap Counterparty Required Rating" means (i) a derivative counterparty rating, if 
available, or a long-term IDR of at least A by Fitch; (ii) a rating of the long-term, unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations of at least A2 by Moody’s (or, if it is not subject to a short term 
rating, A1 by Moody’s); (iii) a derivative counterparty rating, if available, or a short-term IDR 
of at least F1 by Fitch; and (iv) a rating of the short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations of at least Prime-1 by Moody’s; 
"Issue Date" means the date in respect of the Notes of a Series issued on the same date, on 
which these Notes are issued; 
"Issuer" Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA, an institutionele vennootschap voor belegging in 
schuldvorderingen naar Belgisch recht / société d'investissement en créances institutionnelle de 
droit belge (an institutional company for investment in receivables), incorporated under Belgian 
law, with its registered office at Marnixlaan 23, 5th floor, 1000 Brussels, Belgium; 
"Issuer Collection Account" means the account of the Issuer maintained with the GIC Provider 
to which all amounts of interest and principal received under the SME Receivables will be 
transferred by, inter alia, the Pool Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Agreement; 
"Listing Agent" means BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, or its successor or successors; 
"Master Definitions Schedule" means the master definitions schedule attached to the 
Programme Agreement, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time; 
"Monthly Collection Period" means each successive period commencing on (and including) 
the first day of each calendar month and ending on (and including) the last day of the same 
calendar month, except for the first Monthly Collection Period which commenced on (and 
included) the Initial Cut-off Date and ended on 31 January 2010;  
"Moody's" means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH; 
"Net Proceeds" means, in relation to an SME Receivable, the proceeds of foreclosure on any 
collateral securing such SME Receivable or any other assets of the relevant Borrower, including 
but not limited to (a) the proceeds of a foreclosure on a related mortgage right, (b) the proceeds, 
if any, of collection of any insurance policies in connection with the SME Receivables, (c) the 
proceeds of foreclosure on any other Related Security, (c) the proceeds of any other guarantees 
or sureties, in all cases after deduction of foreclosure costs and to the exclusion of Post 
Foreclosure Proceeds; 
"Note Calculation Date" means in relation to a Note Payment Date the third business day prior 
to the relevant Note Payment Date; 
"Note Collection Period" means in relation to a Note Payment Date the three successive 
Monthly Collection Periods immediately preceding such Note Payment Date; 
"Noteholders" means the several persons who are for the time being holders of any Notes;

--- Page 151 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
151 
"Notes Purchase Agreement" means the relevant purchase agreement relating to the purchase 
of one or more Series and Class of Notes, on the relevant issue date between the Issuer, the 
Seller (or Sellers, as the case may be) and the Dealer as the same may be amended, restated, 
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; 
"Parallel Debt" has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 2.1 of the Parallel Debt Agreement; 
"Parallel Debt Agreement" means the parallel debt agreement entered into by the Issuer, the 
Security Agent and the Secured Parties (other than the Noteholders) on 2 December 2009, as 
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; 
"Pass-through Notes" means the Notes (i) of which the applicable Final Terms specify that 
they are Pass-Through Notes or (ii) that have become Pass-through Notes in accordance with 
Condition 6.2 
"Pass-through Payable Amount" means, on any date, the product between (i) the Pass-through 
Percentage on that date and (ii) an amount equal to the Principal Available Amounts of the 
Principal Period related to such date, excluding items (vi) and (vii);.  
"Pass-through Percentage" means, on any date, (x) the Principal Amount Outstanding of all 
Pass-through Notes on such date (prior to giving effect to any issuance or repayment on such 
date), less (i) any amount remaining on the Principal Deficiency Ledger on the previous Note 
Payment Date or, if such date is a Note Payment Date, on this date, to the extent attributable to 
the Pass-through Notes and less (ii) the sum of the Pass-through Payable Amounts since the last 
Note Payment Date (excluding the Pass-through Payable Amount calculated on such date), 
divided by (y) the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes (excluding the Reserve Fund 
Notes) on such date, less any amount remaining on the Principal Deficiency Ledger on the 
previous Note Payment Date or, if such date is a Note Payment Date, on this date (for the 
avoidance of doubt, prior to giving effect to any issuance or repayment on such date, but after 
the application of the Interest Priority of Payments) and less (ii) the amount standing to the credit 
of the Principal Ledger at the end of the immediately preceding Principal Period.; 
"Pass-through Principal Available Amounts" on a Note Payment Date is the sum of the Pass-
through Payable Amounts since the preceding Note Payment Date;  
"Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement governed by Belgian law entered into on 
dated 2 December 2009, as further amended and /or restated from time to time, between the 
Issuer, and the other Secured Parties pursuant to which the Issuer will pledge the pledged assets; 
"Pool Servicer" means BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV with respect to SME Receivables, in its 
capacity of pool servicer under the Servicing Agreement, or, as the case may be, any party who 
accedes to the Programme as Pool Servicer or their successor or successors; 
"Post Foreclosure Proceeds" means any amounts received, recovered or collected from a 
Borrower in respect of an SME Receivable in addition to Net Proceeds, whether in relation to 
interest, principal or otherwise, following a Realised Loss in respect of the SME Receivable;. 
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means, in respect of any Note and on any date, the principal 
amount of that Note upon issue less the aggregate amount of all Principal Payments in respect 
of such Note that have become due and payable since the Programme Closing Date and on or 
prior to such date;

--- Page 152 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
152 
"Principal Available Amounts" means, in relation to a Principal Period, the sum of the 
following amounts received or held by the Issuer in relation to the such period: 
(a) 
as repayment and prepayment of principal under the SME Receivables; 
(b) 
if the Principal Period includes a Note Payment Date, any amounts to be credited to the 
Principal Deficiency Ledger on such Note Payment Date; 
(c) 
as Net Proceeds on any SME Receivable, to the extent such proceeds relate to principal; 
(d) 
as amounts received in connection with a repurchase of SME Receivables by the Seller 
and any other amounts received pursuant to the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement 
to the extent such amounts relate to principal; 
(e) 
as amounts received in connection with a sale of SME Receivables to the extent such 
amounts relate to principal; 
(f) 
any part of the Principal Available Amounts in relation to a previous Principal Period 
which has not been applied towards payment of the relevant Notes (other than Reserve 
Fund Notes) or purchase of New SME Receivables; and 
(g) 
the net proceeds from an issuance of Notes (other than Reserve Fund Notes) other than 
amounts referred to under item (x) of the Interest Available Amount; 
"Principal Deficiency" means, at any day, the amount standing to the credit of the Class A 
Principal Deficiency Ledger, the Class B Principal Deficiency Ledger, the Class C Principal 
Deficiency Ledger and the Class D Principal Deficiency Ledger on such day; 
"Principal Period" means, in respect of any date, the period between the last date (excluding) 
on which any amount was applied in accordance with the Principal Priority of Payments and 
such date (including); 
"Principal Redemption Amount" means the amount redeemable in respect of each Note on 
the relevant Note Payment Date; 
"Principal Shortfall" means, in respect of a Note of Class A, Class B, Class C or Class D, Class 
A Principal Shortfall, the Class B Principal Shortfall, the Class C Principal Shortfall or the Class 
D Principal Shortfall, as the case may be; 
"Priority of Payments" means the Post-enforcement Priority of Payments together with the 
Interest Priority of Payments and the Principal Priority of Payments, as applicable; 
"Programme" means this EUR 25,000,000,000 SME Asset-Backed Note Programme of the 
Issuer; 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement entered into by the Issuer, the 
Security Agent, the Administrator, the GIC Provider, the Seller and the Dealers on 2 December 
2009, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; 
"Pro-rata Condition" shall mean, in respect of a Note Payment Date, that (i) the amount 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account is at least equal to the Reserve Account Target 
Level after the application of the Interest Priority of Payments and (ii) (ii) if in respect of a Series 
and Class or, if applicable, Sub-class of Notes, other than the Reserve Fund Notes, a Step-up 
Date has occurred, all Notes to which such Step-up Date relates are redeemed in full subject to

--- Page 153 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
153 
Condition 9.2, and (iii) if, in respect of a Series and Class or, if applicable, Sub-class of Reserve 
Fund Notes, a Maturity Date has occurred, all Notes to which such Maturity Date relates are 
redeemed in full subject to Condition 9.2; 
"Purchase Date" means the Closing Date each Business Day on which a New SME Receivable 
was or is purchased by the Issuer; 
"Rating Agencies" means Fitch and Moody's; 
"Reference Agent" means BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV or its successor or successors; 
"Reference Banks" means in respect of EURIBOR the principal euro-zone office of each of 
four major banks in the euro-zone interbank market and in respect of Dollar Libor, the principal 
London office of each of four major banks in the London interbank market; 
"Regulatory Call Option" means the option of the Issuer to redeem the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 6.9 in case of a Regulatory Change; 
"Relevant Documents" means the Programme Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Security 
Agent Agreement, the Parallel Debt Agreement, the Clearing Agreement, the Notes Purchase 
Agreements, the Domiciliary Agency Agreement, the Holding Management Agreement, the 
Security Agent Management Agreement, the Issuer Management Agreement, the GIC 
Agreement, the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Interest 
Swap Agreements and the Deposit Agreement; 
"Repayment Test" means the conditions and tests (including the required levels of 
subordination) necessary to repay a Series and Class or Subclass of Subordinated Notes on a 
Note Payment Date. The conditions and tests are the following: 
(a) 
for any Class B Note, the amount of principal due (or any part thereof) in respect of the 
Class B Notes may only be paid if and to the extent that, after giving effect to (i) such 
payment and other payments of principal on the Notes and (ii) the issuance of Notes on 
such date, the Class A Available Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class A 
Required Subordinated Amount on such Note Payment Date or, if the Class A Available 
Subordinated Amount is lower than the Class A Required Subordinated Amount, the 
Class A Available Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class A Available 
Subordinated Amount before giving effect to such payments and issuances; 
(b) 
for any Class C Note, the amount of principal due (or any part thereof) in respect of the 
Class C Notes may only be paid if and to the extent that, after giving effect to (i) such 
payment and other payments of principal on the Notes and (ii) the issuance of Notes on 
such date, the Class A Available Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class A 
Required Subordinated Amount and the Class B Available Subordinated Amount is at 
least equal to the Class B Required Subordinated Amount on such Note Payment Date 
or, if the Class A Available Subordinated Amount and/or the Class B Available 
Subordinated Amount are, or as the case may be, is lower than the Class A Required 
Subordinated Amount and/or the Class B Required Subordinated Amount respectively, 
the Class A Available Subordinated Amount and/or the Class B Available Subordinated 
Amount are or, as the case may be, is at least equal to the Class A Available 
Subordinated Amount and/or the Class B Available Subordinated Amount respectively 
before giving effect to such payments and issuances;

--- Page 154 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
154 
(c) 
for any Class D Note, the amount of principal due (or any part thereof) in respect of the 
Class D Notes may only be paid if and to the extent that, after giving effect to (i) such 
payment and other payments of principal on the Notes and (ii) the issuance of Notes on 
such date, the Class A Available Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class A 
Required Subordinated Amount, the Class B Available Subordinated Amount is at least 
equal to the Class B Required Subordinated Amount and the Class C Available 
Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class C Required Subordinated Amount 
on such Note Payment Date or, if the Class A Available Subordinated Amount, the Class 
B Available Subordinated Amount and/or the Class C Available Subordinated Amount 
are or, as the case may be, is lower than the Class A Required Subordinated Amount, 
the Class B Required Subordinated Amount and/or the Class C Required Subordinated 
Amount respectively, the Class A Available Subordinated Amount, the Class B 
Available Subordinated Amount and/or the Class C Available Subordinated Amount is 
at least equal to the Class A Available Subordinated Amount, the Class B Available 
Subordinated Amount and/or the Class C Available Subordinated Amount respectively, 
before giving effect to such payments and issuances;  
(d) 
for any Class E Note, the amount of principal due (or any part thereof) in respect of the 
Class E Notes may only be paid if and to the extent that, after giving effect to (i) such 
payment and other payments of principal on the Notes and (ii) the issuance of Notes on 
such date, the Class A Available Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class A 
Required Subordinated Amount, the Class B Available Subordinated Amount is at least 
equal to the Class B Required Subordinated Amount, the Class C Available 
Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class C Required Subordinated Amount 
and the Class D Available Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class D 
Required Subordinated Amount on such Note Payment Date or, if the Class A Available 
Subordinated Amount, the Class B Available Subordinated Amount, the Class C 
Available Subordinated Amount and/or the Class D Available Subordinated Amount 
are or, as the case may be, is lower than the Class A Required Subordinated Amount, 
the Class B Required Subordinated Amount, the Class C Required Subordinated 
Amount and/or the Class D Required Subordinated Amount respectively, the Class A 
Available Subordinated Amount, the Class B Available Subordinated Amount, the 
Class C Available Subordinated Amount and/or the Class D Available Subordinated 
Amount are or, as the case may be, is at least equal to the Class A Available 
Subordinated Amount, the Class B Available Subordinated Amount, the Class C 
Available Subordinated Amount and/or the Class D Available Subordinated Amount 
respectively, before giving effect to such payments and issuances;  
(e) 
for any Class F Note, the amount of principal due (or any part thereof) in respect of the 
Class F Notes may only be paid if and to the extent that, after giving effect to (i) such 
payment and other payments of principal on the Notes and (ii) the issuance of Notes on 
such date, the Class A Available Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class A 
Required Subordinated Amount, the Class B Available Subordinated Amount is at least 
equal to the Class B Required Subordinated Amount, the Class C Available 
Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class C Required Subordinated Amount, 
the Class D Available Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class D Required 
Subordinated Amount and the Class E Available Subordinated Amount is at least equal 
to the Class E Required Subordinated Amount on such date or, if the Class A Available 
Subordinated Amount, the Class B Available Subordinated Amount, the Class C 
Available Subordinated Amount, the Class D Available Subordinated Amount and/or

--- Page 155 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
155 
the Class E Available Subordinated Amount are or, as the case may be, is lower than 
the Class A Required Subordinated Amount, the Class B Required Subordinated 
Amount, the Class C Required Subordinated Amount, the Class D Required 
Subordinated Amount and/or the Class E Required Subordinated Amount respectively, 
the Class A Available Subordinated Amount, the Class B Available Subordinated 
Amount, the Class C Available Subordinated Amount, the Class D Available 
Subordinated Amount and/or the Class E Available Subordinated Amount are or, as the 
case may be, is at least equal to the Class A Available Subordinated Amount, the Class 
B Available Subordinated Amount, the Class C Available Subordinated Amount, the 
Class D Available Subordinated Amount and/or the Class E Available Subordinated 
Amount respectively, before giving effect to such payments and issuances; and 
(f) 
for any Class G Note, the amount of principal due (or any part thereof) in respect of the 
Class G Notes may only be paid if and to the extent that, after giving effect to (i) such 
payment and other payments of principal on the Notes and (ii) the issuance of Notes on 
such date, the Class A Available Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class A 
Required Subordinated Amount, the Class B Available Subordinated Amount is at least 
equal to the Class B Required Subordinated Amount, the Class C Available 
Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class C Required Subordinated Amount, 
the Class D Available Subordinated Amount is at least equal to the Class D Required 
Subordinated Amount, the Class E Available Subordinated Amount is at least equal to 
the Class E Required Subordinated Amount and the Class F Available Subordinated 
Amount is at least equal to the Class F Required Subordinated Amount on such date or, 
if the Class A Available Subordinated Amount, the Class B Available Subordinated 
Amount, the Class C Available Subordinated Amount, the Class D Available 
Subordinated Amount, the Class E Available Subordinated Amount and/or the Class F 
Available Subordinated Amount are or, as the case may be, is lower than the Class A 
Required Subordinated Amount, the Class B Required Subordinated Amount, the Class 
C Required Subordinated Amount, the Class D Required Subordinated Amount, the 
Class E Required Subordinated Amount and/or the Class F Required Subordinated 
Amount respectively, the Class A Available Subordinated Amount, the Class B 
Available Subordinated Amount, the Class C Available Subordinated Amount, the 
Class D Available Subordinated Amount, the Class E Available Subordinated Amount 
and/or the Class F Available Subordinated Amount are or, as the case may be, is at least 
equal to the Class A Available Subordinated Amount, the Class B Available 
Subordinated Amount, the Class C Available Subordinated Amount, the Class D 
Available Subordinated Amount, the Class E Available Subordinated Amount and/or 
the Class F Available Subordinated Amount respectively, before giving effect to such 
payments and issuances; 
"Reserve Fund Notes" means the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes and the Class G Notes. 
"Reserve Fund Deficiency" means, at any day, the amount standing to the credit of the Class E 
Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger, the Class F Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger and the Class G 
Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger on such day; 
"Reserve Fund Shortfall" means, in respect of Reserve Fund Note of a certain Class, the Class 
E Reserve Fund Shortfall, the Class F Reserve Fund Shortfall or the Class G Reserve Fund 
Shortfall, as the case may be;

--- Page 156 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
156 
"Secured Parties" means (a) the Noteholders, (b) the Issuer Directors, (c) the Administrator, 
(d) the Domiciliary Agent, (e) the Seller, (f) the Reference Agent, (g) the Holding Directors, (h) 
the Security Agent Directors, (i) the Pool Servicer, (j) Interest Swap Counterparty and (k) the 
GIC Provider; 
"Security Agent" means Stichting Security Agent Esmée, organised as a foundation (stichting) 
under the laws of the Netherlands, with its registered office at Basisweg 10, 1043 AP 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands;  
"Security Agent Agreement" means the security agent agreement entered into by inter alios 
the Security Agent and the Issuer on 2 December 2009, as amended, restated, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time; 
"Seller" means BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (and its successor or successors) and any other seller 
who has acceded to the Programme as Seller (and its successor or successors); 
"Seller Collection Account Provider" means BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV in its capacity as 
seller collection account provider with respect to the Seller Collection Account of the initial 
Seller, or any other bank in Belgium in its capacity as seller collection account provider with 
respect to the Seller Collection Account of such Seller or their successor or successors; 
"Seller Collection Account Provider Rating Downgrade Event" means the event that the 
long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations, the short-term IDR or the long-term 
IDR of the Seller Collection Account Provider are assigned a rating of less than the Seller 
Collection Account Provider Required Rating or such rating is withdrawn by any of the Rating 
Agencies; 
"Seller Collection Account Provider Required Rating" means (i) a rating of the short-term, 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of at least Prime-1 by Moody’s; 
(ii) a short-term IDR of at least F1 by Fitch; and (iii) a long-term IDR of at least A by Fitch; 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into by the Administrator, the 
Pool Servicer, the Issuer and the Security Agent on 2 December 2009, as amended, restated, 
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; 
"SME Loan" means any loan (including any advance granted under a Credit Facility) entered 
into by the Seller or their predecessors and the relevant Borrowers (including individuals and 
moral persons) within the framework of a small or medium sized professional enterprise and 
that is identified for the purpose of the purchase of the relevant SME Receivables in a Deed of 
Sale and Assignment executed in accordance with SME Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
"SME Receivable" means any and all rights of the Seller against any Borrower under or in 
connection with any SME Loans, as such rights have been purchased or are to be purchased, as 
applicable, in accordance with the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
"SME Receivables Purchase Agreement" means the SME Receivables purchase agreement 
entered into by the Seller, the Issuer and the Security Agent dated 2 December 2009, as 
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; 
"Soft-bullet Notes"  means any Note which in the Final Terms has been designated as Soft-
bullet Note and which is not subject to mandatory repayment on the next Note Payment Date;

--- Page 157 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
157 
"Step-up Date" means in respect of the Notes of a Series and Class the step-up date set out in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Trigger Event" means any of the following events:  
(a) 
an amount is debited to the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger; or 
(b) 
the Seller takes any corporate action or other steps are taken or legal proceedings are 
started or threatened against it for its dissolution and liquidation or any of its assets are 
placed under administration; or 
(c) 
the Seller has taken any corporate action or any steps have been taken or legal 
proceedings have been commenced against it for the entering into suspension of 
payments, or if applicable, reorganisation measures or for bankruptcy or for any 
analogous insolvency proceedings under any applicable law or for the appointment of a 
receiver or a similar officer of it or of any or all of its assets; 
(d) 
the appointment of the Pool Servicer is terminated in accordance with the Servicing 
Agreement and no substitute pool servicer is appointed and enters into an agreement 
with the Issuer and the Security Agent substantially on the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement within sixty (60) days following such termination; or 
(e) 
on a given Note Payment Date, after application of the Pass-through Principal Available 
Amount in accordance with the Principal Priority of Payments, an amount remains 
standing to the credit of the Issuer Collection Account which is in excess of an amount 
equal to 10 per cent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Soft-bullet Notes, other 
than the Reserve Fund Notes, on such Note Payment Date, and if such an excess amount 
has been continuously outstanding on the Issuer Collection Account for at least six (6) 
months prior to the relevant Note Payment Date; or  
(f) 
more than 2 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the SME Loans 
is in arrears for more than 90 days.

--- Page 158 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
158 
ANNEX 1: SECURITY AGENT PROVISIONS 
1. 
APPOINTMENT 
1.1 
The Issuer has appointed the Security Agent as representative (vertegenwoordiger / 
représentant) of the Noteholders in accordance with article 271/12, §1 (formerly article 29 §1, 
first to seventh indent and article 126) of the UCITS Act upon the terms and conditions set out 
herein.  
1.2 
The Noteholders hereby appoint the Security Agent as representative (vertegenwoordiger / 
représentant) of the Noteholders in accordance with article 7:63, §1 and §2 of the Code of 
Companies and Associations upon the terms and conditions set out herein.  
1.3 
The Secured Parties (other than the Security Agent and the Noteholders) have appointed the 
Security Agent as representative (vertegenwoordiger / représentant) in accordance with Article 
3 of the Movable Collateral Law and Article 5 of the Financial Collateral Law and as their agent 
(mandataire/lasthebber), in each case on the terms and conditions and with the powers set out 
herein.  
1.4 
In relation to any duties, obligations and responsibilities of the Security Agent to the Secured 
Parties (other than the Noteholders) in its capacity as agent of these other Secured Parties in 
relation to the Pledged Assets and under or in connection with the Relevant Documents, the 
Security Agent and these other Secured Parties hereby agree, and the Issuer concurs, that the 
Security Agent shall discharge these duties, obligations and responsibilities by performing and 
observing its duties, obligations and responsibilities as representative of the Noteholders in 
accordance with the provisions of the Relevant Documents and the Conditions, including this 
Annex 1. 
2. 
POWERS 
2.1 
The Security Agent, acting in its own name and on its own behalf and on behalf of the 
Noteholders and the other Secured Parties, shall have the powers and authorities set forth in the 
Conditions, including this Annex 1, and in any of the Relevant Documents to which it is a party 
and such powers incidental thereto, which it will exercise in accordance with and subject to the 
provisions of the Conditions and the Relevant Documents. In particular, but without limitation, 
the Security Agent shall have the power:  
(a) 
to accept the Security on behalf of the Noteholders and the other Secured Parties;  
(b) 
upon service of an Enforcement Notice, to proceed against the Issuer to enforce the 
performance of the Relevant Documents and to enforce the Security on behalf of the 
Secured Parties; 
(c) 
to collect all proceeds in the course of enforcing the Security;  
(d) 
to apply or to direct the application of the proceeds of enforcement in accordance with 
the Conditions and the Relevant Documents;  
(e) 
to open an account in the name of the Secured Parties or in the name of the Domiciliary 
Agent (or any substitute domiciliary agent appointed in accordance with the provisions 
of the Domiciliary Agency Agreement) with an Eligible Institution for the purposes of 
depositing the proceeds of enforcement of the Security and to give all directions to the

--- Page 159 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
159 
Eligible Institution and/or the Domiciliary Agent (or its substitute) to administer such 
account; 
(f) 
to borrow or raise monies and to grant security interests if required in accordance with 
any of the Relevant Documents for the purpose of administering the security granted to 
it pursuant to the Pledge Agreement to which it is a party, entering into agreements 
which are conducive to the holding of the security and granted to it pursuant to the 
Pledge Agreement to which it is a party, and upon such terms and conditions as the 
Security Agent shall deem advisable; 
(g) 
to retain such cash balances as the Security Agent from time to time may deem to be in 
the best interest of the Secured Parties and to credit any monies received, recovered or 
realised by it under the Pledge Agreement, at its discretion, to the Security Account or 
to any other suspense account and to hold such monies in such account for so long as 
the Security Agent may think fit acting in the best interests of the Secured Parties (with 
interest accruing thereon at such rate, if any, as the Security Agent may deem fit) 
pending their application from time to time in accordance with the provisions of the 
Security Agent Agreement; 
(h) 
to settle, compromise or litigate any claims, debts or damages due or owing to the 
Security Agent and to commence or defend suits or legal or administrative proceedings; 
(i) 
to determine all questions and doubts arising in relation to any of the provisions of this 
Agreement and every such determination bona fide made (whether or not the same shall 
relate in whole or in part to the acts or proceedings of the Security Agent under the 
Security Agent Agreement) shall be conclusive and binding on the Secured Parties; 
(j) 
to exercise all other powers and rights and perform all duties given to the Security Agent 
under the Relevant Documents; and 
(k) 
generally, to do all things necessary in connection with or incidental to the performance 
of such powers and duties and to do all such acts, initiate all such proceedings and 
exercise all such rights and privileges although not specifically mentioned herein as the 
Security Agent may deem necessary for the purposes of carrying out its duties under the 
Security Agent Agreement. 
2.2 
All of the Secured Parties acknowledge that the Security Agent has entered into the Parallel 
Debt Agreement and that the Security equally secures the Parallel Debt owing to the Security 
Agent in addition to the obligations of the Issuer owing to the other Secured Parties. 
3. 
DELEGATION OF POWERS 
3.1 
The Security Agent may delegate the performance of any of the foregoing powers to any person 
whom it may designate. Notwithstanding any sub-contracting or delegation of the performance 
of its obligations under this Agreement, the Security Agent shall not thereby be released or 
discharged from any liability hereunder and shall remain responsible for the performance of the 
obligations of the Security Agent under this Agreement and shall be jointly and severally liable 
for the performance or non-performance or the manner of performance of any sub-contractor, 
agent or delegate.

--- Page 160 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
160 
4. 
REMUNERATION  
4.1 
The Issuer shall pay to the Security Agent an annual fee for its services as trustee, which fee 
shall be separately agreed between the Security Agent and the Issuer.  
4.2 
The Issuer shall also pay or discharge all costs, charges, liabilities and expenses incurred by the 
Security Agent in relation to the preparation and execution of, the exercise of its powers and the 
performance of its duties under, and in any other manner in relation to, this Agreement or any 
of the other Relevant Documents, including but not limited to travelling expenses, costs of 
expert advice and appraisal and any stamp and other taxes or duties paid by the Security Agent 
in connection with any legal proceedings brought or contemplated by the Security Agent against 
the Issuer for enforcing any obligation under this Agreement, the Notes or any of the other 
Relevant Documents.  
4.3 
In the event of the occurrence of an Event of Default or the Security Agent considering it 
expedient or necessary or being requested by the Issuer to undertake duties which the Security 
Agent and the Issuer agree to be of an exceptional nature or otherwise outside the scope of the 
normal duties of the Security Agent under this Agreement, the Issuer shall pay to the Security 
Agent such additional remuneration as shall be agreed between them.  
4.4 
The Security Agent will, after consultation with the Issuer prior to the Enforcement Date only, 
at all times be entitled to provide itself with the assistance of one or more experts, provided that 
no such expert(s) fulfil the same advisory function with or for the Issuer, the Administrator, the 
Pool Servicer or the Seller.  
4.5 
The Security Agent shall, however, not be obliged to take any action which may involve 
expenses, unless reasonable security for or indemnity against all costs involved, shall be placed 
at its disposal, by the Issuer, by the Secured Parties or by others. The Security Agent may deduct 
whatever it is entitled to by reason of fees, disbursements or otherwise from what it may have 
in its possession or receive for the account of the Secured Parties. 
5. 
RELIANCE 
5.1 
In determining whether or not any power, trust, authority, duty or discretion or any change, 
event or occurrence under or in relation to the Conditions or any of the Relevant Documents 
will be:  
(a) 
materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders; 
(b) 
exposing the Security Agent to any additional liability;  
(c) 
adding to or increasing the obligations, liabilities or duties, or decreasing the 
protections, of the Security Agent or the Noteholders in respect of the Notes, the 
Conditions or the Relevant Documents; or  
(d) 
resulting in the Programme, any Note or any Relevant Document to not comply with 
the requirements set out in the Securitisation Regulation (when applicable to the 
Programme and the Notes),  
(e) 
the Security Agent shall be able to rely on, and act on any advice or opinion of or any 
certificate obtained from a valuer, accountant, banker, broker, securities company or 
other company other than the Rating Agencies, or any certificate obtained in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 15 (Modifications, waivers, authorisations by the

--- Page 161 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
161 
Security Agent), whether obtained by itself or the Issuer. The Security Agent shall not 
be liable for any loss occasioned by such action, save where such loss is due to its gross 
negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud.  
5.2 
Concurrently, the Security Agent may, along with any other relevant factors, have regard for 
whether the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the then current rating of the Notes, would 
not be adversely affected by such change, event or occurrence. The fact that the current ratings 
of the Notes would not be adversely affected shall not be construed to mean that any such 
exercise, change, event or occurrence is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders.  
6. 
LIABILITY  
6.1 
The Security Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it or for any breach 
of its obligations under this Agreement or other Relevant Documents or for any breach of its 
obligations under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Relevant Document to 
which it is a party, except in the event of its wilful misconduct (opzettelijke fout / faute 
intentionelle) or gross negligence (grove fout / faute lourde), and it shall not be responsible for 
any act or negligence of persons or institutions retained by it in good faith.  
6.2 
The Security Agent shall not be liable for acting upon any resolution purporting to have been 
passed at any meeting of any Series and Class of Noteholders in respect whereof minutes have 
been made and signed even though subsequent to its acting it may be found that there was some 
defect in the constitution of the meeting or passing of the resolution or that for any reason the 
resolution was not valid or binding upon such Noteholders. If the Security Agent has acted upon 
such resolution, each Noteholder of such Series and Class of Notes shall forthwith on demand 
indemnify (schadeloos stellen / indemniser) the Security Agent for its pro rata share in any 
liability, loss or expense incurred or expected to be incurred by the Security Agent in any way 
relating to or arising out of its acting as Security Agent in respect of that of a particular Series 
and Class of Notes, except to the extent that the liability or loss arises directly from the Security 
Agent's gross negligence (grove fout / faute lourde) or wilful misconduct (grove schuld / faute 
intentionelle). The liability shall be shared between the Noteholders of the relevant Series and 
Class or Sub-class of Notes pro rata according to the respective Principal Amounts Outstanding 
of the Notes held by each of them respectively. 
7. 
INDEMNITY/REIMBURSEMENT 
Without prejudice to the right of indemnity by law given to it, the Security Agent and every 
attorney, manager, agent, delegate or other person appointed by it under this Agreement shall 
be indemnified by the Issuer against and shall on first demand be reimbursed in respect of all 
liabilities and expenses properly incurred by it in the execution or purported execution of the 
powers of this Agreement or of any powers, authorities or discretions vested in it or him pursuant 
to this Agreement and against all actions, proceedings, costs, claims and demands in respect of 
any matter or thing done or omitted in any way relating to this Agreement or otherwise.  
8. 
NOTIFICATION OF BREACHES 
The Security Agent shall inform the parties listed in paragraph 10.2 upon its receipt of a notice 
in writing from the Issuer of a Notification Event, an Event of Default or a breach of the 
representations and warranties set out clauses 3 (Representations and Warranties Relating to the 
SME Loans / SME Receivables) and 4 (Representations and Warranties Relating to the Seller)

--- Page 162 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
162 
of the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement, unless such notice has already been made to such 
parties by the Administrator in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
9. 
REPORTING BY THE SECURITY AGENT 
If so requested in advance by the board of directors of the Issuer, the Security Agent shall report 
to the general meeting of Noteholders on the performance of its duties under the Conditions and 
the Relevant Documents provided such request is notified by registered mail no later than ten 
(10) Business Days prior to the relevant general meeting of Noteholders. The board of directors 
of the Issuer shall require such report if so requested by those Noteholders who have requested 
that such general meeting be convened. 
10. 
ENFORCEMENT PROCEEDINGS 
10.1 
At any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Security Agent at its discretion 
may, or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of all Class A Noteholders or if no Class 
A Notes are outstanding, by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of all Class B Notes or 
if no Class A Notes and Class B Notes are outstanding by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
holders of all Class C Notes or if no Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes are 
outstanding by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of all Class D Notes or if no Class A 
Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes are outstanding by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of all Class E Notes or if no Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C 
Notes, Class D Notes and Class E Notes are outstanding by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
holders of all Class F Notes or if no Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes, Class D 
Notes, Class E Notes and Class F Notes are outstanding by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
holders of all Class F Notes (subject, in each case, to being indemnified to its satisfaction) shall 
(but in the case of the occurrence of any of the events mentioned in Condition 10(b), only if the 
Security Agent shall have certified in writing to the Issuer that such an event is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the Noteholders of the relevant Class) deliver an Enforcement Notice 
to the Issuer. 
10.2 
The Security Agent shall send a copy of any Enforcement Notice to each of: 
(a) 
the Administrator;  
(b) 
the Directors;  
(c) 
the Domiciliary Agent;  
(d) 
the Reference Agent;  
(e) 
the Account Bank;  
(f) 
the Pool Servicer(s);  
(g) 
the Interest Swap Counterparties;  
(h) 
the Seller(s); and  
(i) 
the Rating Agencies. 
10.3 
At any time after the Enforcement Date, the Security Agent may at its discretion, but subject to 
paragraph 10.8, and without further notice take such proceedings as it may think fit against the 
Issuer to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Notes and any of the

--- Page 163 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
163 
other Relevant Documents to which the Security Agent is a party or under which it derives any 
rights. 
10.4 
The Security Agent shall not be bound to take any such proceedings as are mentioned in 
paragraphs 10.1 to 10.10 unless (a) it shall have been directed to do so in accordance with 
paragraph 10.1 and (b) it shall have been indemnified to its satisfaction against all actions, 
proceedings, claims and demands to which it may thereby render itself liable and all costs, 
charges, damages and expenses which it may incur by so doing. 
10.5 
In the event that an Enforcement Notice shall have been given in respect of the Notes of any 
Class, the Security Agent will be empowered: 
(a) 
to prepare the account of such Notes outstanding according to the records made 
available by the Domiciliary Agent pursuant to Domiciliary Agency Agreement, 
together with the accrued interest and any other amounts owed by the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes, with reasonable costs, including the Security Agent's fee; and  
(b) 
to prepare the account of all amounts due and payable to the other Secured Parties 
according to the records made available by the Administrator pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement. The Issuer will act in accordance with and will fully accept the accounts as 
prepared by the Security Agent, subject to evidence to the contrary. 
10.6 
At any time after the Notes of any Series and Class become immediately due and payable the 
Security Agent may by notice in writing to the Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent and the 
Reference Agent require the Domiciliary Agent and the Reference Agent pursuant to the 
Domiciliary Agency Agreement:  
(a) 
to act thereafter as Domiciliary Agent and Reference Agent of the Security Agent in 
relation to payments to be made by or on behalf of the Security Agent under the 
provisions of this Agreement, mutatis mutandis, on the terms provided in the 
Domiciliary Agency Agreement (save that the Security Agent's liability under any 
provision thereof for the indemnification of the Domiciliary Agent and the Reference 
Agent shall be limited to the amount for the time being received or recovered by the 
Security Agent under the Pledge Agreement) subject to the priority of payments set 
forth in clause 5 (Priority of Payments upon Enforcement) of the Security Agent 
Agreement and thereafter to hold all Notes and all sums, documents and records held 
by them in respect of the Notes on behalf of the Security Agent; and/or  
(b) 
to deliver all Notes and all sums, documents and records held by them in respect of 
Notes to the Security Agent or as the Security Agent shall direct in such notice, provided 
that such notice shall be deemed not to apply to any documents or records which the 
Domiciliary Agent or the Reference Agent is obliged not to release by any applicable 
law or regulation. 
10.7 
Only the Security Agent may enforce the provisions of any of the Relevant Documents, 
including the Notes. None of the Secured Parties shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer to enforce the performance of any of the provisions of any of the Relevant Documents, 
including the Notes, unless the Security Agent having become bound as aforesaid to take 
proceedings as set forth in paragraph 10.3 fails to do so within a reasonable period and such 
failure shall be continuing. If the Noteholder(s) and/or any of the other Secured Parties proceed 
directly against the Issuer in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, all limitations and 
restrictions imposed under or by virtue of this Agreement, the Notes or any other Relevant

--- Page 164 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
164 
Document on the Security Agent in relation to enforcement of rights and availability of 
remedies, shall mutatis mutandis also fully apply to such Noteholder(s) and/or such other 
Secured Parties. 
10.8 
Neither the Secured Parties nor the Security Agent may institute against, or join any person in 
instituting against, the Issuer any bankruptcy, winding-up, reorganisation, arrangement, 
insolvency or liquidation proceeding until the expiry of a period of at least one (1) year after the 
latest maturing Note is paid in full. The only remedy of the Security Agent against the Issuer 
after an Enforcement Notice has been given pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default) is to 
enforce the Pledge Agreement to which the Security Agent is a party.  
10.9 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in 
this paragraph) the Security Agent shall have regard to the interests of the Class A Noteholders 
and the Class B Noteholders and the Class C Noteholders and the Class D Noteholders and the 
Class E Noteholders and the Class F Noteholders and the Class G Noteholders each as a Class 
or as the case may be as a Series and Class and in accordance with Condition 9 (Subordination 
and limited recourse) and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Noteholders. The Security Agent shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of 
any tax or other consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders. In addition, the 
Security Agent shall have regard to the interests of the other Secured Parties, provided that in 
case of a conflict of interest between the Secured Parties the applicable Priority of Payments 
determines which interests of which Secured Party prevails.  
10.10 In the event that the Pledge Agreement has been fully enforced and the proceeds of such 
enforcement, after payment of all claims ranking in priority to the Class G Notes , or the Class 
F Notes, or the Class E Notes, or the Class D Notes, or the Class C Notes, or the Class B Notes, 
or the Class A Notes, as the case may be, in accordance with the Security Agent Agreement are 
insufficient to pay in full all amounts outstanding in respect of the Class G Notes, the Class F 
Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class A 
Notes, as the case may be, then the Class G Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class E 
Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, the Class C Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders and 
the Class A Noteholders, as the case may be, shall have no further claim against the Issuer or 
the Security Agent in respect of any such unpaid amounts.  
10.11 In the event that the Pledge Agreement has been fully enforced and the proceeds of such 
enforcement and any other amounts received by the Security Agent, after payment of all claims 
ranking in priority to any claim of a Secured Party in accordance with the Security Agent 
Agreement are insufficient to pay in full all amounts outstanding in respect of the respective 
payment to the relevant Secured Party, then the relevant Secured Party shall have no further 
claim against the Issuer or the Security Agent in respect of such unpaid amount.  
11. 
RETIREMENT AND REMOVAL 
11.1 
Until all amounts payable by the Issuer to the Secured Parties have been paid in full, the Security 
Agent shall not retire and may only be removed from its duties under the Security Agent 
Agreement as set out below.  
11.2 
If any of the following events (each a "Security Agent Termination Event") occurs:

--- Page 165 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
165 
(a) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the dissolution (ontbinding / 
dissolution) of the Security Agent except a dissolution (ontbinding / dissolution) for the 
purpose of a merger where the Security Agent remains solvent; or  
(b) 
the Security Agent ceases or threatens to cease to carry on its business or a substantial 
part of its business or stops payment or threatens to stop payment of its debts or becomes 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due or the value of its assets falls to less than the 
amount of its liabilities (taking into account for both these purposes its contingent and 
prospective liabilities) or otherwise becomes insolvent; or  
(c) 
the Security Agent defaults in the performance or observance of any of its material 
covenants and obligations under the Conditions or the Relevant Document and (except 
where such default is incapable of remedy, when no such continuation and/or notice 
shall be required) such default continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) Business 
Days after the earlier of the Security Agent becoming aware of such default or receipt 
by the Security Agent of written notice from the Issuer requiring the same to be 
remedied; or  
(d) 
the Security Agent becomes subject to any bankruptcy (faillissement / faillite), judicial 
reorganisation (gerechtelijke reorganisatie / réorganisation judiciaire) or other 
insolvency proceeding under applicable laws; or  
(e) 
the Security Agent is rendered unable to perform its material obligations under the 
Security Agent Agreement for a period of twenty (20) Business Days by circumstances 
beyond its reasonable control or force majeure;  
then the Issuer may by notice in writing terminate the appointment of the Security Agent with 
effect from a date (not earlier than the date of the notice) specified in the notice and appoint a 
substitute security agent selected by the Issuer which shall act as security agent until a new 
security agent is appointed by the general meeting of Noteholders which shall promptly be 
convened by the Issuer. Upon such selection being made and notified by the Issuer to the 
Secured Parties in a way deemed appropriate by the Issuer all rights and powers granted to the 
person then acting as Security Agent shall terminate and shall automatically be vested in the 
substitute security agent so selected. All references to the Security Agent in the Conditions and 
the Relevant Documents shall where and when appropriate be read as references to the substitute 
security agent as selected and upon vesting of rights and powers pursuant this paragraph. 
11.3 
The Noteholders shall be entitled to terminate the appointment of the Security Agent by a 
Programme Resolution notified to the Issuer and the Security Agent, provided:  
(a) 
in the same resolution a substitute security agent is appointed; and  
(b) 
such substitute security agent meets all legal requirements, if any, to act as security 
agent in respect of an Institutional VBS and accepts to be bound by the terms of this 
Agreement and all other Relevant Documents in the same way as its predecessor. 
11.4 
The Security Agent shall not be discharged from its responsibilities under the Security Agent 
Agreement until a suitable substitute security agent which has been accepted by the Issuer and 
the Noteholders (such approval not being unreasonably withheld) has been appointed. 
11.5 
Such termination shall also terminate the appointment and power-of-attorney by the other 
Secured Parties. The other Secured Parties hereby irrevocably agree that the substitute security

--- Page 166 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
166 
agent shall from the date of its appointment act as agent (lasthebber / mandataire) of the other 
Secured Parties on the terms of the Security Agent Agreement.

--- Page 167 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
167 
ANNEX 2: PROVISIONS FOR MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
1. 
CONVENING MEETINGS / NOTICES / ACCESS / MANAGEMENT 
Convenings and notices 
1.1 
The meetings of Class A Noteholders and/or of Class B Noteholders and/or of Class C 
Noteholders and/or Class D Noteholders and/or Class E Noteholders and/or Class F Noteholders 
and/or Class G Noteholders of all Series or of one or more Series and Class, as the case may be, 
may be convened by the Security Agent as often as it reasonably considers desirable. 
1.2 
The Security Agent shall convene a meeting of Class A Noteholders and/or Class B Noteholders 
and/or Class C Noteholders and/or Class D Noteholders and/or Class E Noteholders and/or Class 
F Noteholders and/or Class G Noteholders of all Series, at the written request of: (a) the Issuer; 
or (b) the Noteholders of any Class holding not less than ten (10) per cent. of the total Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such Class who prove their capacity in a way satisfactory 
to the Security Agent. 
1.3 
The Security Agent shall convene a meeting of Class A Noteholders and/or of Class B 
Noteholders and/or of Class C Noteholders and/or Class D Noteholders and/or Class E 
Noteholders and/or Class F Noteholders and/or Class G Noteholders of one or more Series and 
Class, at the written request of: (a) the Issuer or (b) the Noteholders of such one or more Series 
and Class holding not less than ten (10) per cent. of the total Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Notes of such one or more Series and Class who prove their capacity in a way satisfactory 
to the Security Agent. 
1.4 
A request as referred to in clause 1.2 or 1.3 of this Annex 2 must contain the subject matter to 
be discussed and an explanatory memorandum. All persons entitled to request to convene a 
meeting shall be entitled to bring forward subjects to be discussed. 
1.5 
In the event that the Issuer requests the convening of a meeting, the Security Agent shall 
contemporaneously with the notice convening the meeting (in accordance with Condition 13), 
prepare a written report to the Noteholders of such Class or one or more Series and Class 
concerning the subject matter to be discussed and announce by advertisement that the report 
may be obtained in due time before the meeting free of charge at its offices in Brussels and at 
the specified offices of the Domiciliary Agent. 
1.6 
In the event that the request for the convening of a meeting is made pursuant to clause 1.2 (b) 
or 1.3 (b) of this Annex 2, the Noteholders of the relevant one or more Classes or the relevant 
one or more Series and Class shall contemporaneously with the filing of their request send a 
copy thereof and a description of the subject matter to be discussed together with a copy of the 
explanatory memorandum to the Issuer. 
1.7 
In the event of the non-fulfilment of the provisions of clauses 1.4 and 1.6 of this Annex 2, the 
obligation of the Security Agent to convene the meeting shall cease. 
1.8 
If the Security Agent fails to convene the meeting referred to in clause 1.2 or 1.3 in this Annex 
2 within one month after receipt of the request, the Issuer or, as the case may be, any Noteholder 
of the relevant one or more Classes or relevant one or more Series and Class shall have the right 
to convene the meeting themselves with due observance of the notice periods and the formalities 
set forth in this Annex.

--- Page 168 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
168 
1.9 
The meetings of Class A Noteholders and/or Class B Noteholders and/or Class C Noteholders 
and/or Class D Noteholders and/or Class E Noteholders and/or Class F Noteholders and/or Class 
G Noteholders of all Series or of one or more Series and Class shall be held in Brussels at a 
place and at a time to be designated in the notice convening the meeting. The notice shall be 
given not less than fourteen (14) and not more than twenty-one (21) days before the meeting, 
excluding the date of publication of the notice and the date of the meeting. Notice shall be done 
by publication in English, Dutch and French on the website of Bloomberg and (ii) in the Belgian 
State Gazette (Belgisch Staatsblad / Moniteur Belge). Alternatively, such notice can also validly 
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to the Clearing System Operator for communication 
by it to the relevant account holders. Such notice shall be published a second time, with an 
interval of eight (8) calendar days between each publication. A copy of the notice shall be given 
to the Security Agent (unless the general meeting shall be convened by the Security Agent) and 
to the Issuer (unless the general meeting shall be convened by the Issuer). 
1.10 
In urgent cases, at the discretion of the Security Agent, the period of notice for convening a 
second meeting as referred to in clauses 1.17, 2.10, 2.11 and 4.1 in this Annex may be reduced 
to not less than seven (7) days. 
1.11 
Regardless of who convenes a meeting of Class A Noteholders and/or Class B Noteholders 
and/or Class C Noteholders and/or Class D Noteholders and/or Class E Noteholders and/or Class 
F Noteholders and/or Class G Noteholders, the Security Agent undertakes to include in the 
notice referred to in clause 1.9 in this Annex either the contents of the agenda and of all 
documents which must by law or in accordance with the articles of association of the Issuer or 
the provisions of the Security Agent Agreement or this Schedule be deposited, or to state in such 
notice where those documents are made available to the Noteholders of one or more Classes or 
of one or more Series and Class concerned. 
1.12 
In the case of meetings of Class A Noteholders and/or of Class B Noteholders and/or of Class 
C Noteholders and/or Class D Noteholders and/or Class E Noteholders and/or Class F 
Noteholders and/or Class G Noteholders, one copy of the agenda and of the other documents 
referred to in the foregoing clause shall be filed with Euronext Brussels not later than the day 
on which the notice of the meeting is given or the deposit must take place. 
Access to the Meeting 
1.13 
The Noteholders of one or more Classes or one or more Series and Class concerned shall be 
admitted to the meetings on presentation of a voucher, to be delivered by the Security Agent of 
one or more of the banking institutions named in the notice, stating that the Notes have been 
deposited with the Security Agent or, as the case may be, with any of those banking institutions 
not later than a date fixed by the Security Agent and will remain on deposit there until the end 
of the meeting. 
1.14 
The Security Agent and the Issuer (through their respective officers, employees, advisers, agents 
or other representatives) and their respective financial and legal advisers shall be entitled to 
attend and speak at any general meeting of the Noteholders.  
1.15 
Proxyholders need to be Noteholders. 
Management of the meeting 
1.16 
The chairman of a meeting of Class A Noteholders and/or Class B Noteholders and/or Class C 
Noteholders and/or Class D Noteholders and/or Class E Noteholders and/or Class F Noteholders

--- Page 169 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
169 
and/or Class G Noteholders of all Series or of one or more Series and Class shall be a person 
nominated by the Security Agent; if the person nominated by the Security Agent is not present 
at the meeting or if the Security Agent does not nominate any person, the meeting shall appoint 
one of those present to act as chairman. 
1.17 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any general meeting adjourn 
the same from time to time and from place to place but no business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned general meeting except business which could have been transacted at the general 
meeting from which the adjournment took place. At least ten (10) days' notice of any general 
meeting adjourned through want of a quorum shall be given in the same manner as for an 
original general meeting, and such notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned 
general meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjourned 
general meeting. 
2. 
VOTING / EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTIONS / PROGRAMME RESOLUTIONS 
Voting 
2.1 
Each Note carries one vote. 
2.2 
The Issuer may not vote on any Notes held by it whether directly or indirectly, and such Notes 
shall not be taken into account in establishing the total amount outstanding. 
2.3 
For the election of persons an absolute majority of votes validly cast is required. If no one 
obtains an absolute majority on the first ballot, a second ballot shall take place between the two 
persons who obtained most votes. If more than two would qualify for a second ballot by reason 
of obtaining the same number of votes, the two persons who will participate in the second ballot 
shall be chosen by lot. In the second ballot, the person who obtains most votes shall be elected; 
if the votes are equally divided in such second ballot, the decision shall be made by lot. 
2.4 
A resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, affects the interests of the holders 
of a Class of Notes of one Series only, shall be deemed to have been duly passed, if passed at a 
meeting of the Noteholders of such Class of that Series. 
2.5 
A resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, affects the interests of the holders 
of a Class of Notes of any two or more Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest 
between the Noteholders of such Class of such two or more Series, shall be deemed to have 
been duly passed, if passed at a single meeting of the Noteholders of such Class of such two or 
more Series. 
2.6 
A resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, affects the interests of the holders 
of a Class of Notes of any two or more Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest 
between the Noteholders of such Class of such two or more Series, shall be deemed to have 
been duly passed only, instead of being passed in a single meeting of such Noteholders, if passed 
at separate meetings of the Noteholders of such Class of such two or more Series. 
2.7 
A resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, affects the interests of the holders 
of one Sub-Class of a Class of Notes only, shall be deemed to have been duly passed, if passed 
at a meeting of the Noteholders of such Sub-Class of that Class. 
2.8 
A resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, affects the interests of the holders 
of more than one Sub-Class of Notes of the same Class but does not give rise to a conflict of

--- Page 170 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
170 
interest between the Noteholders of such Sub-Classes of Notes, shall be deemed to have been 
duly passed, if passed at a single meeting of the Noteholders of such Sub-Classes of Notes.  
2.9 
A resolution which, in the sole opinion of the Security Agent, affects the interests of the holders 
of more than one Sub-Class of the same Class of Notes and gives or may give rise to a conflict 
of interest between the Noteholders of such Sub-Classes, shall be deemed to have been duly 
passed only, instead of being passed in a single meeting of such Noteholders, if passed at 
separate meetings of the Noteholders of such Sub-Classes of Notes. 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
2.10 
Except as otherwise provided in the Security Agent Agreement or in this Annex, at the meetings 
of Class A Noteholders and/or Class B Noteholders and/or Class C Noteholders and/or Class D 
Noteholders and/or Class E Noteholders and/or Class F Noteholders and/or Class G Noteholders 
of all Series, or of one or more Series and Class, as the case may be, all matters shall be decided 
by an absolute majority of the validly cast votes and in case the votes are equally divided the 
proposal shall be deemed to be rejected. The expression "Extraordinary Resolution" where used 
in this document means a resolution passed at a duly convened meeting of Class A Noteholders 
and/or Class B Noteholders and/or Class C Noteholders and/or Class D Noteholders and/or 
Class E Noteholders and/or Class F Noteholders and/or Class G Noteholders of all Series or of 
one or more Series and Class, as the case may be, held in accordance with the provisions herein 
contained, where at least two-thirds of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of the 
relevant one or more Classes or of the relevant one or more Series and Class, as the case may 
be, are represented, and at such meeting an Extraordinary Resolution is adopted with not less 
than a two-thirds majority of the validly cast votes, except that the quorum required for an 
Extraordinary Resolution including a Basic Terms Change (as defined below) shall be at least 
seventy five (75) per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of the relevant one 
or more Classes or of the relevant one or more Series and Class, as the case may be, and the 
majority required shall be at least seventy five (75) per cent. of the validity cast votes at that 
Extraordinary Resolution. If at such a meeting the aforesaid quorum, is not represented, a second 
meeting of Noteholders of one or more Classes or of the relevant one or more Series and Class 
concerned, as the case may be, will be held within one (1) month, with due observance of the 
same formalities for convening the meeting which governed the convening of the first meeting; 
at such second meeting an Extraordinary Resolution is adopted with not less than a two-thirds 
majority of the validly cast votes except that for an Extraordinary Resolution including a 
sanctioning of a Basic Terms Change the majority required shall be 75 per cent. of the validly 
cast votes, regardless of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of the relevant one or 
more Classes or of the relevant one or more Series and Class, as the case may be, then 
represented. 
2.11 
If at a meeting no Noteholder is present or represented, a second meeting of Noteholders of the 
relevant one or more Classes or of the relevant one or more Series and Class, as the case may 
be, shall be held within one (1) month, with due observance of the same formalities for 
convening the meeting which governed the convening of the first meeting and if at that meeting 
no Noteholder is present or represented, the Security Agent taking into account the interests of 
the Noteholders of the relevant one or more Classes or of the relevant Series and Class, as the 
case may be, shall decide on the matters discussed during the first meeting, except in cases 
where the provisions of the following clause apply. 
2.12 
Without any prejudice to clauses 2.17 and 2.18 of the Security Agent Agreement and clause 17 
of the Programme Agreement, any change to the Conditions or any provisions of the Relevant

--- Page 171 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
171 
Documents can be effected by an Extraordinary Resolution, provided, however, that no change 
of certain terms by the Noteholders of any Class or Sub-class of any Series, as the case may be, 
including the date of maturity of the Notes in the relevant Class or Sub-class of the relevant one 
or more Series, as the case may be, or a change which would have the effect of postponing any 
day for payment of interest in respect of such Notes, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal payable in respect of such Notes or the rate of interest applicable in respect of such 
Notes or altering the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or any alteration of 
the date of priority of redemption of such Notes or any change of the currency in which such 
Notes are denominated (any such change in respect of any such Class or Sub-class of such Series 
of Notes being referred to as a "Basic Terms Change") shall be effective, unless such Basic 
Term Change is sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of the relevant 
Class or Sub-class of Notes of the relevant Series, as the case may be, as provided in clause 2.10 
above, except that, if the Security Agent is of the opinion that such a Basic Terms Change is 
being proposed by the Issuer as a result of, or in order to avoid, an Event of Default, no such 
Extraordinary Resolution is required.  
2.13 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on all Noteholders of the relevant 
Class or Sub-class of the relevant one or more Series (whether or not they were present at the 
meeting at which such resolution was passed). 
2.14 
In urgent matters the Security Agent will, notwithstanding Condition 14 and clause 2.11 above, 
be entitled, in case of impending bankruptcy, suspension of payments or reorganisation of the 
Issuer, to be judged by the Security Agent in its reasonable opinion, to abandon in whole or in 
part, to diminish or to change any rights of Noteholders of the relevant Class or of the relevant 
one or more Series and Class, as the case may be, as well as to take other measures in the interest 
of Noteholders, if the Security Agent, after consultation with Euronext Brussels, is of the 
opinion that these actions will book no delay, even without authorisation of the meeting of 
Noteholders of the relevant Class or of the relevant one or more Series and Class, as the case 
may be. The Security Agent will give notice to the Noteholders of actions and operations as 
mentioned above as soon as possible. For the use or non use of the authorisation given to the 
Security Agent in this clause, and the consequences emanating therefrom, the Security Agent 
will never be liable nor can it ever be held liable except in case of wilful misconduct 
(opzet/intention) or gross negligence (grove fout/faute grave) of the Security Agent. 
2.15 
No Extraordinary Resolution to sanction a change which would have the effect of accelerating 
or extending the maturity of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class 
D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes or the Class G Notes of any one or more Series, 
as the case may be, or any date for payment of interest thereon, increasing the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of any of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, 
the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes or the Class G Notes 
of any one or more Series, as the case may be, shall take effect unless it shall have been 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of the following lower Class of 
Notes of each Series of the Notes then outstanding to which the change relates, as the case may 
be, or such change is in the opinion of the Security Agent not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of such Noteholders of each Series. 
2.16 
An Extraordinary Resolution of the Class B Noteholders of any Series or any Sub-class thereof, 
as the case may be, shall only be effective when the Security Agent is of the opinion that it will 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A Noteholders or when it is sanctioned 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Class A Noteholders. The Security Agent Agreement

--- Page 172 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
172 
imposes no such limitations on the powers of the Class A Noteholders, the exercise of which 
will be binding on the Class B Noteholders, irrespective of the effect on their interests. 
2.17 
An Extraordinary Resolution of the Class C Noteholders of any Series or any Sub-class thereof, 
as the case may be, shall only be effective when the Security Agent is of the opinion that it will 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A Noteholders and of the Class B 
Noteholders or when it is sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Class A Noteholders 
and of the Class B Noteholders. The Security Agent Agreement imposes no such limitations on 
the powers of the Class A Noteholders and of the Class B Noteholders, the exercise of which 
will be binding on the Class C Noteholders, irrespective of the effect on their interests. 
2.18 
An Extraordinary Resolution of the Class D Noteholders of any Series or any Sub-class thereof, 
as the case may be, shall only be effective when the Security Agent is of the opinion that it will 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A Noteholders and of the Class B 
Noteholders and of the Class C Noteholders or when it is sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Class A Noteholders, of the Class B Noteholders and of the Class C 
Noteholders. The Security Agent Agreement imposes no such limitations on the powers of the 
Class A Noteholders and of the Class B Noteholders and of the Class C Noteholders, the exercise 
of which will be binding on the Class D Noteholders, irrespective of the effect on their interests. 
2.19 
An Extraordinary Resolution of the Class E Noteholders of any Series or any Sub-class thereof, 
as the case may be, shall only be effective when the Security Agent is of the opinion that it will 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A Noteholders, of the Class B 
Noteholders and of the Class C Noteholders and of the Class D Noteholders or when it is 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Class A Noteholders, of the Class B 
Noteholders, of the Class C Noteholders and of the Class D Noteholders. The Security Agent 
Agreement imposes no such limitations on the powers of the Class A Noteholders, of the Class 
B Noteholders and of the Class C Noteholders and of the Class D Noteholders, the exercise of 
which will be binding on the Class E Noteholders, irrespective of the effect on their interests. 
2.20 
An Extraordinary Resolution of the Class F Noteholders of any Series or any Sub-class thereof, 
as the case may be, shall only be effective when the Security Agent is of the opinion that it will 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A Noteholders, of the Class B 
Noteholders, of the Class C Noteholders, of the Class D Noteholders and of the Class E 
Noteholders or when it is sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Class A Noteholders, 
of the Class B Noteholders, of the Class C Noteholders, of the Class D Noteholders and of the 
Class E Noteholders. The Security Agent Agreement imposes no such limitations on the powers 
of the Class A Noteholders, of the Class B Noteholders, of the Class C Noteholders, of the Class 
D Noteholders and of the Class E Noteholders, the exercise of which will be binding on the 
Class F Noteholders, irrespective of the effect on their interests. 
2.21 
An Extraordinary Resolution of the Class G Noteholders of any Series or any Sub-class thereof, 
as the case may be, shall only be effective when the Security Agent is of the opinion that it will 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class A Noteholders, of the Class B 
Noteholders, of the Class C Noteholders, of the Class D Noteholders, of the Class E Noteholders 
and of the Class F Noteholders or when it is sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Class A Noteholders, of the Class B Noteholders, of the Class C Noteholders, of the Class D 
Noteholders, of the Class E Noteholders and of the Class F Noteholders. The Security Agent 
Agreement imposes no such limitations on the powers of the Class A Noteholders, of the Class 
B Noteholders, of the Class C Noteholders, of the Class D Noteholders, of the Class E

--- Page 173 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
173 
Noteholders and of the Class F, the exercise of which will be binding on the Class G 
Noteholders, irrespective of the effect on their interests. 
2.22 
Subject to clause 2.17 to 2.21, an Extraordinary Resolution of the Class A Noteholders of a 
Series, the Class B Noteholders of a Series, the Class C Noteholders of a Series, the Class D 
Noteholders of a Series, the Class E Noteholders of a Series, the Class F Noteholders of a Series 
or the Class G Noteholders of a Series shall only be effective when the Security Agent is of the 
opinion that it will not be materially prejudicial to the Noteholders of other Series or when it is 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of all Series of the respective 
Classes. 
Programme Resolution 
2.23 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraphs of this schedule any Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders of any Class of Notes to direct the Security Agent (i) to take any enforcement action 
pursuant to Condition 10 and Condition 11 or (ii) to remove or replace any or all of the managing 
directors of the Security Agent (each a "Programme Resolution"), shall only be capable of 
being passed at a single meeting of the Noteholders of all Series of such Class of Notes. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing a Programme Resolution shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing more than two-thirds of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Notes of such Class or, at any adjourned and reconvened meeting, one or more persons being 
or representing Noteholders of such Class of Notes, whatever the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of such Class of Notes so held or represented by them, provided that if such 
Programme Resolution relates to the removal and replacement of any or all of the managing 
directors of the Security Agent, at least thirty (30) per cent. of the Notes of the relevant Class of 
all Series should be represented on any second meeting. Any such meeting to consider a 
Programme Resolution may be convened by the Issuer, the Security Agent or by Noteholders 
of such Class of Notes. A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders of 
all Series of such Class of Notes shall be binding on all Noteholders of all Series of such Class 
of Notes, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
2.24 
To take exceptional action in connection with events not provided for in this Security Agent 
Agreement, the Security Agent must obtain the authorisation of a meeting of Class A 
Noteholders. The provisions of clause 2.10 of this Schedule referring to "Extraordinary 
Resolution" are likewise applicable to the adoption of resolutions granting such authority. 
Compliance with Belgian law 
2.25 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these presents, the Issuer may with the consent of 
the Security Agent and without the consent of the Noteholders prescribe such other or further 
regulations regarding the holding of meetings of the Noteholders and attendance and voting 
thereat as are necessary to comply with Belgian law. Articles 7:161 to 7:176 of the Code of 
Companies and Associations shall only apply to the extent that the Conditions, the by-laws of 
the Issuer or the Relevant Documents do not contain provisions that differ from the provisions 
contained in such articles. The Relevant Documents contain in particular, but without limitation, 
the following provisions that differ from the provisions of the Company Code: 
(a) 
notwithstanding the provisions of article 7:165 of the Code of Companies and 
Associations, the notices in relation to meetings of Noteholders will be published as set 
out in Condition 13;

--- Page 174 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
174 
(b) 
notwithstanding the provisions of article 7:161 of the Code of Companies and 
Associations, the meeting of Noteholders and the Security Agent shall have the powers 
given to them in the Relevant Documents, including, but not limited to, those given to 
them in these Conditions. 
3. 
RESOLUTIONS 
3.1 
All resolutions including Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolutions duly adopted 
at a meeting of Class A Noteholders and/or of Class B Noteholders and/or of Class C 
Noteholders and/or of Class D Noteholders and/or of Class E Noteholders and/or of Class F 
Noteholders and/or of Class G Noteholders of all Series or of one or more Series and Class, as 
the case may be, are binding upon all Noteholders of the relevant of a Class of Notes or of the 
relevant one or more Series and Class of Notes, as the case may be, whether or not they are 
present at the meeting.  
3.2 
Minutes shall be taken of the proceedings of the meeting and signed by the chairman and another 
person to be appointed by the meeting. If minutes of the proceedings of a meeting are made by 
a civil law notary, the counter-signature of the chairman shall suffice. 
3.3 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a general meeting in accordance with the provisions contained in 
the Conditions shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a general meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with the 
provisions contained in the Conditions. Such resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of 
the Noteholders. 
3.4 
The Security Agent shall implement a resolution of a meeting of Class A Noteholders and/or of 
Class B Noteholders and/or of Class C Noteholders and/or of Class D Noteholders and/or of 
Class E Noteholders and/or of Class F Noteholders and/or of Class G Noteholders within the 
time set in that resolution, after the resolution has become final. 
3.5 
If the Security Agent fails to implement a resolution, except in the circumstances mentioned in 
clause 4.1 of this Annex, any or all of its managing directors may be removed by a Programme 
Resolution of a meeting of Class A Noteholders of all Series in accordance with clause 2.21 
here above, except that such Programme Resolution may be passed with a majority of two-thirds 
of the votes cast, irrespective of the principal amount of the Class A Notes then represented. 
4. 
RESOLUTION NOT IN THE INTERESTS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
4.1 
In the event that a resolution adopted by a meeting of Class A Noteholders and/or of Class B 
Noteholders and/or of Class C Noteholders and/or of Class D Noteholders and/or of Class E 
Noteholders and/or of Class F Noteholders and/or of Class G Noteholders of all Series or of one 
or more Series and Class, as the case may be, is, in the opinion of the Security Agent, contrary 
to the interests of the Noteholders of one or more Classes or one or more Series and Classes, as 
the case may be, concerned, the Security Agent shall be entitled to postpone the implementation 
of that resolution and to convene another meeting of the Noteholders of the relevant one or more 
Classes or the relevant Series and Class, as the case may be, concerned for which notice shall 
be given within two (2) weeks after the previous meeting. Such meeting shall take place not 
later than one (1) month after the previous meeting.

--- Page 175 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
175 
4.2 
In the second meeting of the Noteholders of one or more Classes or one or more Series and 
Classes, as the case may be, concerned referred to in the foregoing clause, a resolution regarding 
the subject matter covered by the resolution of the previous meeting may be adopted by a 
majority of not less than two-thirds of the validly cast votes, regardless of the principal amount 
of the Notes of the relevant one or more Classes or one or more Series and Class, as the case 
may be, represented at the meeting. 
4.3 
If the Security Agent does not exercise the right granted by clause 4.1 of this Schedule within 
fourteen (14) days, the resolution shall become final.

--- Page 176 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
176 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which, subject to any necessary amendment, will be completed 
for each Series of Notes issued under the Programme pursuant to the Base Prospectus. Text in this 
section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but provides directions for completing 
the Final Terms. 
Final Terms dated [●]. 
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA 
Institutionele vennootschap voor belegging in schuldvorderingen naar Belgisch recht /  
Société d'investissement en créances institutionnelle de droit belge  
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series of Notes] [Title of relevant Series and Class of Notes] 
 
Issued under the EUR 25,000,000,000 
SME Asset-Backed Note Programme 
 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the 
basis that any offer of Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly, any person making 
or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises 
for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any 
offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's (i.e. each person deemed 
a manufacturer for purposes of the EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, hereafter referred to as a 
Manufacturer) product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the Manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the Manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive" or "IDD"), where that customer

--- Page 177 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
177 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to, any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law 
(Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique) in Belgium. 
PART A- CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"), as amended from time to time. This document constitutes the final terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus] is available for viewing 
at the Issuer's website [ ] and copies may be attained from BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Rue Montagne 
du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated [date]]. This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as amended, and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the 
Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus dated [original date] and [current date] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [date]]. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus] is available for viewing 
at the Issuer's website ([ ]) and copies may be attained from BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, Rue Montagne 
du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
[The following alternative language applies if no prospectus is required in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
The Final Terms do not constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer 
is not offering the Notes in any jurisdiction in circumstances which would require a prospectus pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation. Nor is any person authorised to make such an offer of the Notes on behalf 
of the Issuer in any jurisdiction. In addition, no application has been made (nor is it proposed that any 
application will be made) for listing the Notes on any stock exchange.

--- Page 178 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
178 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should 
be given as to whether such terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently 
trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
 
Esmée 
Master 
Issuer 
NV/SA 
institutionele 
vennootschap voor belegging in schuldvorderingen 
naar Belgisch recht / société d'investissement en 
créances institutionnelle de droit belge 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible). 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
 
euro 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
 
[●] 
 
(a) 
[Series: 
 
[●]] 
 
(b) 
[Tranche: 
 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination: 
 
[minimum EUR [250,000]] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
 
[●] 
8. 
Final Maturity Date: 
 
[Fixed rate - specify date/Floating Rate - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
 
(a) 
Business Day Convention 
for Maturity Date: 
 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
 
[●] (please specify other financial centres required 
for the Business Day definition) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes]

--- Page 179 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
179 
[Floating Rate Notes, EURIBOR (as calculated in 
accordance with Condition 4.2(e) (EURIBOR) plus 
margin specified below/other] 
[Other] 
(When 
adding 
any 
other 
interest 
basis, 
consideration should be given as to whether such 
terms constitute "significant new factors" and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.) 
10. 
[Date 
[board 
(or 
similar)] 
approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
11. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][to and including [●]] 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate prior to the 
Step-up Date: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum payable annually/quarterly 
 
(b) 
As of the Step-up Date the 
Fixed Rate Notes will switch to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If (a) and (b) are not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(c) 
Note Payment Date(s): 
 
[Note Payment Date falling in] [•] in each year up to 
and including the Step-up Date]/[specify other] 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
 
(d) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
 
[●] 
12. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
 
Applicable 
(Note that soft bullet Fixed Rate Notes switch to 
Floating Interest Rates after the Step-up date) 
 
(a) 
Interest: 
 
[EURIBOR][specify other and give details] plus 
Interest Margin 
 
(b) 
Interest Margin prior to 
the Step-up Date: 
 
[Not applicable]/ [●] per cent per annum

--- Page 180 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
180 
 
(c) 
Interest Margin after to 
the Step-up Date: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(d) 
Note Payment Date(s): 
 
[[25th] day of January, April, July, October of each 
year up to and including the Final Maturity 
Date]/[specify other] (or, if such day is not a 
Business Day (as defined in the Conditions), the 
next succeeding Business Day, unless such Business 
Day falls in the next succeeding calendar month in 
which event interest on the Notes will be payable on 
the Business Day immediately preceding such day) 
 
(e) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Floating Rate Notes: 
 
[None/Give details] 
13. 
Other: 
 
[●] (When changing the interest determination, 
consideration should be given as to whether such 
terms constitute "significant new factors" and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES 
14. 
Pass-through Notes or Soft Bullet 
Notes or Reserve Fund Notes: 
 
[Pass-through Notes/Soft Bullet Notes/Reserve 
Fund Notes] 
15. 
Step-up Date:  
 
Note Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year] 
16. 
Maturity Date (only for Reserve 
Fund Notes) 
 
Note Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
17. 
Form of Notes:  
 
Dematerialised Securities 
18. 
Additional Business Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
[Interest Payment Days]: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Note that this item relates to and the date and place 
of payment] 
19. 
New Global Note:  
 
No 
20. 
Other final terms: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(When adding any other final terms consideration 
should be given as to whether such terms constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger

--- Page 181 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
181 
the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
DISTRIBUTION 
21. 
(a) 
If syndicated, names of 
Dealers: 
 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
[Can be BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and/or any 
direct or indirect subsidiary of BNP Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV, and/or (ii) any entity of the BNP Paribas 
Group.] 
 
(b) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
22. 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
23. 
Applicable TEFRA rules:  
 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
24. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
 
[The C Rules are applicable / The C Rules are not 
applicable] 
25. 
Additional selling restrictions:  
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of 
Notes described herein pursuant to the EUR 25,000,000,000 SME Asset Backed Note Programme of 
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA, Institutionele Vennootschap voor belegging in schuldvorderingen naar 
Belgisch recht / Société d'investissement en créances institutionnelle de droit belge. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with this issue, [insert name of Stabilising Manager(s)] (the Stabilising Manager(s)) (or 
any person acting for the Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a 
limited period. However, there may be no obligation on the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any agent of the 
Stabilising Manager(s)) to do this. Such stabilising, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time and 
must be brought to an end after a limited period. Such stabilising shall be in compliance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) 
the information contained in these Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the impact of such information. The Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly.

--- Page 182 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
182 
[The [Seller] accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms in respect of [the 
Additional Pool[s] provided under C below] [the Consolidated Pool[s] provided under C below]. To the 
best of the knowledge and belief of the [Seller] (which [has] taken all reasonable care to ensure that such 
is the case) the information contained in these Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the impact of such information. The [Seller] accepts responsibility 
accordingly.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
ESMÉE MASTER ISSUER NV/SA, institutionele VBS naar Belgisch recht 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: [●] 
 
 
Title: [●] 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the [specify relevant regulated 
market (for example Euronext Brussels, the Bourse de 
Luxembourg or the Regulated Market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange)]/[specify relevant other market] with effect
from [●].] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the [specify relevant regulated market (for 
example 
Euronext 
Brussels, 
the 
Bourse 
de 
Luxembourg or the Regulated Market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange)] [specify relevant other market] with effect 
from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(b) 
Listing: 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(c) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Rating of the Notes: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[Fitch] 
[Moody's]

--- Page 183 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
183 
[[Other]: []] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[●] is established in the European Union and is 
registered for the purposes of the EU Regulation on 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
(Regulation 
(EC) 
No.1060/2009), as amended. As such [] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation. 
3. 
[SPECIFIC INTEREST SWAP AGREEMENT] 
[Hedging Agreement Provider: 
[●] 
Nature of Hedging Agreement: 
[●]] 
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement:] 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer:  
[●] 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds:  
[●] 
(c) 
Estimated total expenses:  
[●] 
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated on the basis of the Issue Price, 
the Rate of Interest applicable from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date until and excluding the

--- Page 184 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
184 
Maturity Date, and the Final Redemption Amount. It is 
not an indication of future yield.] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN Code:  
[●] 
(b) 
Common Code:  
[●] 
(c) 
(insert here any other relevant codes 
such as CINS codes): 
[●] 
(d) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream 
Banking 
Frankfurt, 
SIX 
SIS, 
Euronext 
Securities 
Milan, 
Euronext 
Securities Porto, LuxCSD, and any 
other NBB investor (I)CSDs and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(e) 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(f) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
the 
Domiciliary Agent (if any): 
[●] 
(g) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][No] [Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(h) 
Benchmark:  
 [Not applicable]/ [[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation.]/[As far as 
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation.] 
8. 
OTHER SERIES ISSUED 
The aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes on the Issue Date of the Notes described 
herein issued by Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA institutionele vennootschap voor belegging in 
schulvorderingen naar Belgisch recht / société d'investissement en créances institutionnelle de droit

--- Page 185 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
185 
belge [(converted, where applicable, into euros at the [specify rate])] including the Notes described 
herein, will be: 
(a) 
Class A Notes: 
[●] 
(b) 
Class B Notes: 
[●] 
(c) 
Class C Notes: 
[●] 
(d) 
Class D Notes: 
[●] 
(e) 
Class E Notes: 
[●] 
(f) 
Class F Notes: 
[●] 
(g) 
Class G Notes: 
[●]

--- Page 186 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
186 
PART C 
INFORMATION ON, IF APPLICABLE, THE ADDITIONAL POOL[S] OF SME 
RECEIVABLES TO BE SOLD TO THE ISSUER ON OR ABOUT THE ISSUE DATE IN 
RELATION TO THIS ISSUE OF NOTES AND , IF APPLICABLE, THE CONSOLIDATED 
POOL OF SME RECEIVABLES HELD BY THE ISSUER 
[Include if applicable] The numerical data set out below relate to a consolidated pool of SME Loans 
(the "Consolidated Pool") as of [•] [____] [•], which combines an additional pool of SME Loans (the 
"Additional Pool") and the pool of SME Receivables held by the Issuer prior to the Issue Date (the 
"Current Pool"). The numerical information in respect of the Consolidated Pool will relate to the 
Consolidated Pool which will be determined prior to the relevant Issue Date. Therefore, the information 
set out below in respect of the Consolidated Pool may not entirely reflect the Consolidated Pool as it is 
on the relevant Issue Date. 
[Include if applicable] [The numerical data set out below relate to a provisional pool of SME Loans (the 
"Provisional Pool") as of [•] [____] [•] of the Issuer. A final portfolio will be selected on or before the 
Issue Date, from the Provisional Pool and, as a result of repayments, prepayments, new production and 
other circumstances, may also include other SME loans which were not included in the Provisional Pool. 
The information on the Provisional Pool set out below may therefore not necessarily correspond to the 
SME Receivables actually sold by the Seller to the Issuer on the Issue Date.] 
The SME Loans that are selected for inclusion in the [Consolidated Pool/Provisional Pool] will have 
been originated on the basis of the Seller's lending criteria. The material aspects of the seller's lending 
criteria are described in the Section SME Loan underwriting and servicing and Sale of the SME Loans 
– representations and warranties of the Base Prospectus. BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV services all of the 
SME Loans it originates. The [Consolidated Pool/Provisional Pool] as of [•] [____] [•] consists of [•] 
SME Loans, comprising loans originated by BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV [and its predecessors] and 
having an aggregate outstanding principal balance of approximately EUR [•] as at that date. The SME 
Loans in the [Consolidated Pool/Provisional Pool] as at [•] [____] [•] were originated by the seller 
between [•] and [•].  
[Verification of data – The Seller has caused a sample of the SME Loans (including the data disclosed 
in respect of those loans) to be externally verified by an appropriate and independent third party. The 
[Consolidated Pool/Provisional Pool] as at [•] [____] [•] has been subject to an agreed upon procedures 
review on a representative sample of SME Loans selected from [Consolidated Pool/Provisional Pool] 
as at [•] [____] [•] conducted by a third-party and completed on or about [•] with respect to 
[Consolidated Pool/Provisional Pool] as at [•] [____] [•] in existence as of [•]. Another independent 
third party has verified that the stratification tables disclosed below in these Final Terms in respect of 
the SME Loans are accurate. The report is publicly available on [•]. The Seller has reviewed the reports 
of such independent third parties and is of the opinion that there were no significant adverse findings in 
such reports. The third parties undertaking such reviews only have obligations to the parties to the 
engagement letters governing the performance of the agreed upon procedures subject to the limitations 
and exclusions contained therein.]  
[The following is an example of the information which may be provided in the Final Terms. If applicable, 
details of the Consolidated Pool and/or Provisional Pool may be provided in the below manner or in a 
similar manner. For each Final Terms the specific information in the tables will, if necessary, be 
adjusted. Information may be provided on a Seller by Seller basis or on a consolidated basis.]

--- Page 187 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
187 
Key Characteristics of the pool 
Outstanding Principal Balance (EUR) 
[•]  
Nb Loans 
[•] 
Nb Clients 
[•] 
Avg Loan Size 
[•] 
Avg Client Size 
[•] 
WA PD (%) 
[•] 
WA LGD (%) 
[•] 
WA Int Rate (%) 
[•] 
WA Seasoning (Y) 
[•] 
WA Rem Maturity (Y) 
[•] 
WA WAL (Y) 
[•] 
WA Tot Collateral Ratio 
[•] 
 
Products 
Products 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
Investment Credit 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Instalment Credit 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Social & Fiscal Instalment 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
  
 
 
 
  
TOTAL 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
 
Internal Rating 
Internal Rating 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
  
 
 
 
  
01.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
01.10 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
01.20 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
01.30 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
02.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
02.10 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
02.30 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
03.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
03.10 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
03.20 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
03.30 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
04.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
04.10 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
04.20 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]%

--- Page 188 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
188 
04.30 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
05.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
06.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
07.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
08.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
09.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
10.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
11.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
12.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
13.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
14.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
15.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
16.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
17.00 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Unknown 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
100.00% 
 
Top 20 Clients 
Top 20 Clients 
(Borrower N°) 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Internal Rating 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
TOTAL 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•]

--- Page 189 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
189 
Client Province 
Client Province 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
Antwerpen 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
West-Vlaanderen 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Oost-Vlaanderen 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Vlaams-Brabant 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Brussels 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Hainaut 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Limburg 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Liège 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Brabant Wallon 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Namur 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Luxembourg 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Unknown 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
100.00% 
 
Int Rate 
Int Rate 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
<=3% 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>3% and <=4% 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>4% and <=5% 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>5% and <=6% 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>6% and <=7% 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>7% and <=8% 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>8% and <=9% 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>9% and <=10% 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>10% 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
[•]% 
 
Interest Rate Type 
Interest Rate Type 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
Fixed 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Resettable 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
100.00%

--- Page 190 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
190 
Next Reset Date 
Next Reset Date 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
  
 
 
 
  
2009 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2010 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2011 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2012 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2013 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2014 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2015 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2016 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2017 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2018 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2019 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2020 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2021 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2022 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2023 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2024 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2026 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2027 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2028 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2029 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Fixed To Maturity 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•]% 
100.00% 
 
Int Payment Freq 
Int Payment Freq 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
Monthly 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Quarterly 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Yearly 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
TwiceAYear 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
UNKNOWN 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
100.00%

--- Page 191 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
191 
Sectors 
Sectors 
Outstanding 
Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
Wholesale and retail trade; repair of motor 
vehicles and motorcycles 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Real estate activities 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Professional, scientific and technical activities 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Construction 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Manufacturing 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Financial and insurance activities 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Human health and social work activities 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Accommodation and food service activities 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Transportation and storage 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Administrative and support service activities 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Information and communication 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Other service activities 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Arts, entertainment and recreation 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Water supply; sewerage, waste management 
and remediation activities 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Mining and quarrying 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Education 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Electricity, gas, steam and air conditioning 
supply 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Activities of households as employers; 
u0ndifferentiated 
goods- 
and 
services-
producing activities of households for own 
use 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Public 
administration 
and 
defence; 
compulsory social security 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Unknown 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
[•]%

--- Page 192 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
192 
Arrears 
Arrears 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
Current 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
02 > 0 and <= 30 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
100.00% 
 
Redemption Type 
Redemption Type 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
Annuity 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Linear 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Bullet 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Other 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
  
 
 
 
  
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
100.00% 
 
Origination Year 
Origination Year 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
2000 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2001 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2002 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2003 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2004 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2005 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2006 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2007 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2008 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
2009 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
100.00% 
 
Remaining Maturity (years) 
Remaining 
Maturity 
(years) 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
<=1 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>1 and <=2 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>2 and <=3 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]%

--- Page 193 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
193 
>3 and <=4 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>4 and <=5 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>5 and <=6 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>6 and <=7 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>7 and <=8 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>8 and <=9 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>9 and <=10 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>10 and <=11 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>11 and <=12 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>12 and <=13 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>13 and <=14 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>14 and <=15 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>15 and <=16 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>16 and <=17 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>17 and <=18 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>18 and <=19 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>19 and <=20 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>20 and <=21 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>21 and <=22 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>22 and <=23 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>23 and <=24 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>24 and <=25 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>25 and <=26 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>26 and <=27 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>27 and <=28 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>28 and <=29 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>29 and <=30 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
100.00% 
 
Original Maturity (years) 
Original Maturity (years) 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
<=1 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>1 and <=2 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>2 and <=3 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>3 and <=4 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>4 and <=5 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>5 and <=6 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>6 and <=7 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>7 and <=8 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>8 and <=9 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>9 and <=10 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>10 and <=11 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>11 and <=12 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>12 and <=13 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]%

--- Page 194 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
194 
>13 and <=14 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>14 and <=15 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>15 and <=16 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>16 and <=17 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>17 and <=18 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>18 and <=19 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>19 and <=20 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>20 and <=21 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>21 and <=22 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>22 and <=23 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>23 and <=24 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>24 and <=25 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>25 and <=26 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>26 and <=27 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>27 and <=28 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>28 and <=29 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>29 and <=30 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>30 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
100.00% 
 
LGD 
LGD Range (%) 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
>0 and <=10 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>10 and <=20 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>20 and <=30 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>30 and <=40 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>40 and <=50 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>50 and <=60 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>60 and <=70 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>70 and <=80 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
10 > 80 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
Unknown 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
100.00% 
 
Size of Loans 
Range (eur 1000) 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
<=100 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>100 and <=200 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>200 and <=300 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>300 and <=400 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]%

--- Page 195 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
195 
>400 and <=500 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>500 and <=600 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>600 and <=700 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>700 and <=800 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>800 and <=900 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>900 and <=1000 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>1000 and <=1100 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>1100 and <=1200 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>1200 and <=1300 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>1300 and <=1400 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>1400 and <=1500 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>1500 and <=1600 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>1600 and <=1700 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>1700 and <=1800 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>1800 and <=1900 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>1900 and <=2000 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>2000 and <=2100 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>2100 and <=2200 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>2200 and <=2300 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>2300 and <=2400 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>2400 and <=2500 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>2500 and <=2600 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>2600 and <=2700 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>2700 and <=2800 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>2800 and <=2900 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>2900 and <=3000 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>3000 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
100.00% 
 
Collateral Ratio 
Range (%) 
Outstanding Principal 
% 
Number 
% 
  
 
 
 
  
>0 and <=10 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>10 and <=20 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>20 and <=30 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>30 and <=40 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>40 and <=50 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>50 and <=60 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>60 and <=70 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>70 and <=80 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>80 and <=90 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>90 and <=100 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>100 and <=110 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>110 and <=120 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]%

--- Page 196 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
196 
>120 and <=130 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>130 and <=140 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>140 and <=150 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>150 and <=160 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>160 and <=170 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>170 and <=180 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>180 and <=190 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>190 and <=200 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
>200 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
No Collateral 
[•] 
[•]% 
[•] 
[•]% 
  
 
 
 
  
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
[•] 
100.00% 
 
Collaterals 
Mortgage mandate 
[•] 
[•]% 
Aval & related guarantee 
[•] 
[•]% 
Mortgage 
[•] 
[•]% 
Other mandate 
[•] 
[•]% 
Floating charge 
[•] 
[•]% 
Other pledge 
[•] 
[•]% 
Security pledge 
[•] 
[•]% 
Cash pledge 
[•] 
[•]% 
TOTAL 
[•] 
100.00% 
 
End of Final Terms 
 
ISSUANCE TESTS 
The Issuer may issue new Series and Classes of Notes from time to time without obtaining the consent 
of existing Noteholders. As a general matter the Issuer may only issue a new Series and Class of Notes 
if sufficient subordination is provided for that new Series and Class of Notes by one or more 
Subordinated Classes of Notes. The conditions and tests (including the required levels of subordination) 
necessary to issue a series and class of notes (the "Issuance Tests"), are the following: 
1.1 
All Classes of Notes 
On the Issue Date of any Series and Class of Notes: 
(a) 
no Event of Default shall have occurred which is continuing; 
(b) 
no Enforcement Notice has been served on the Issuer by the Security Agent; 
(c) 
no Trigger Event shall have occurred; and 
(d) 
the Rating Agencies have provided written confirmation that their ratings of the 
outstanding Notes will not be reduced below the Minimum Ratings of the Notes or, if

--- Page 197 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
197 
the ratings of the Notes are below the Minimum Ratings of the Notes, below the then 
current ratings assigned to the Notes, or withdrawn as a consequence of such issuance. 
1.2 
For the Class A Notes of any Series 
On the Issue Date for that Series of Notes:  
(a) 
the Class A Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than the Class 
A Required Subordinated Amount; 
(b) 
the Class B Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than the Class 
B Required Subordinated Amount; 
(c) 
the Class C Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than the Class 
C Required Subordinated Amount; 
(d) 
the Class D Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than the Class 
D Required Subordinated Amount; 
(e) 
the Class E Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than the Class 
E Required Subordinated Amount; 
(f) 
the Class F Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than the Class 
F Required Subordinated Amount; and 
(g) 
there may be no debit balance on the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger on the 
previous Note Payment Date. 
 
The "Class A Required Subordinated Amount" is calculated, on any date, as the 
product of: 
A x B 
where: 
A = the "Class A Required Subordinated Percentage", which is equal to 28.0 per 
cent.; and  
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes (other than the Reserve Fund Notes) 
on such date (after giving effect to (i) any payments of principal to be made on the Notes 
and (ii) the issuance of Notes on such date). 
 
The "Class A Available Subordinated Amount"" is calculated, on any date, as the sum 
of (a) the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes of all Series, 
the Class C Notes of all Series and the Class D Notes of all Series (after giving effect to 
(i) any payments of principal to be made on the Notes and (ii) the issuance of Notes on 
such date); and (b) the amount of the Reserve Account minus the Additional Reserve 
Fund Amount on such date, less (c) any Principal Deficiency. 
 
The "Class B Required Subordinated Amount" is calculated, on any date, as the 
product of: 
A x B

--- Page 198 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
198 
where: 
A = the "Class B Required Subordinated Percentage", which is equal to 10.5 per 
cent.; and  
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes (other than the Reserve Fund Notes) 
on such date (after giving effect to (i) any payments of principal to be made on the Notes 
and (ii) the issuance of Notes on such date). 
 
The "Class B Available Subordinated Amount" is calculated, on any date, as the sum 
of (a) the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class C Notes of all Series 
and the Class D Notes of all Series (after giving effect to (i) any payments of principal 
to be made on the Notes and (ii) the issuance of Notes on such date); and (b) the amount 
of the Reserve Account minus the Additional Reserve Fund Amount on such date, less 
(c) any Class C Principal Deficiency and any Class D Principal Deficiency. 
 
The "Class C Required Subordinated Amount" is calculated, on any date, as the 
product of: 
A x B 
where: 
A = the "Class C Required Subordinated Percentage", which is equal to 6.5 per cent.; 
and  
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes (other than the Reserve Fund Notes) 
on such date (after giving effect to (i) any payments of principal to be made on the Notes 
and (ii) the issuance of Notes on such date). 
 
The "Class C Available Subordinated Amount" is calculated, on any date, as the sum 
of (a) the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class D Notes of all Series 
(after giving effect to (i) any payments of principal to be made on the Notes and (ii) the 
issuance of Notes on such date); and (b) the amount of the Reserve Account minus the 
Additional Reserve Fund Amount on such date, less (c) any Class D Principal 
Deficiency. 
 
The "Class D Required Subordinated Amount" is calculated, on any date, as the 
product of: 
A x B 
where: 
A = the "Class D Required Subordinated Percentage", which is equal to 3.5 per cent.; 
and  
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes (other than the Reserve Fund Notes) 
on such date (after giving effect to (i) any payments of principal to be made on the Notes 
and (ii) the issuance of Notes on such date). 
 
The "Class D Available Subordinated Amount" is calculated, on any date, as the 
amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account minus any Additional Reserve 
Fund Amount on such date.

--- Page 199 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
199 
 
The "Class E Required Subordinated Amount" is calculated, on any date, as the 
product of: 
A x B 
where: 
A = the "Class E Required Subordinated Percentage", which is equal to 2.3 per cent.; 
and  
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes (other than the Reserve Fund Notes) 
on such date (after giving effect to (i) any payments of principal to be made on the Notes 
and (ii) the issuance of Notes on such date). 
 The "Class E Available Subordinated Amount" is calculated, on any date, as the 
amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account minus (i) the Additional Reserve 
Fund Amount on such date and (ii) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class E 
Notes on such date. 
 The "Class F Required Subordinated Amount" is calculated, on any date, as the 
product of: 
A x B 
where: 
A = the "Class F Required Subordinated Percentage", which is equal to 1.1 per cent.; 
and  
B = the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes (other than the Reserve Fund Notes) 
on such date (after giving effect to (i) any payments of principal to be made on the Notes 
and (ii) the issuance of Notes on such date). 
 The "Class F Available Subordinated Amount" is calculated, on any date, as the 
amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account minus (i) the Additional Reserve 
Fund Amount on such date and (ii) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class E 
Notes and the Class F Notes on such date. 
1.3 
For the Class B Notes of any Series 
On the Issue Date for that Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Class B Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than 
the Class B Required Subordinated Amount; 
(ii) 
the Class C Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than 
the Class C Required Subordinated Amount; 
(iii) 
the Class D Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than 
the Class D Required Subordinated Amount; 
(iv) 
the Class E Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than 
the Class E Required Subordinated Amount;

--- Page 200 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
200 
(v) 
the Class F Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than the 
Class F Required Subordinated Amount; and 
(vi) 
there may be no debit balance on the Class B Principal Deficiency Ledger on 
the previous Note Payment Date. 
1.4 
For the Class C Notes of any Series 
On the Issue Date for that Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Class C Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than 
the Class C Required Subordinated Amount; 
(ii) 
the Class D Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than 
the Class D Required Subordinated Amount; 
(iii) 
the Class E Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than 
the Class E Required Subordinated Amount; 
(iv) 
the Class F Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than the 
Class F Required Subordinated Amount; and 
(v) 
there may be no debit balance on the Class C Principal Deficiency Ledger on 
the previous Note Payment Date. 
1.5 
For the Class D Notes of any Series 
On the Issue Date for that Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Class D Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than 
the Class D Required Subordinated Amount; 
(ii) 
the Class E Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than 
the Class E Required Subordinated Amount; 
(iii) 
the Class F Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than the 
Class F Required Subordinated Amount; and 
(iv) 
there may be no debit balance on the Class D Principal Deficiency Ledger on 
the previous Note Payment Date. 
1.6 
For the Class E Notes of any Series 
On the Issue Date for that Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Class E Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than 
the Class E Required Subordinated Amount; 
(ii) 
the Class F Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than the 
Class F Required Subordinated Amount; and 
(iii) 
there may be no debit balance on the Class E Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger 
on the previous Note Payment Date. 
1.7 
For the Class F Notes of any Series

--- Page 201 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
201 
On the Issue Date for that Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Class F Available Subordinated Amount must be equal to or greater than the 
Class F Required Subordinated Amount; and 
(ii) 
there may be no debit balance on the Class F Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger 
on the previous Note Payment Date. 
1.8 
The Class A Required Subordinated Percentage, the Class B Required Subordinated Percentage, 
the Class C Required Subordinated Percentage, the Class D Required Subordinated Percentage, 
the Class E Required Subordinated Percentage and the Class F Required Subordinated 
Percentage may be changed by the Issuer from time to time without the consent of the Security 
Agent or the Noteholders. Such change may only be made with the written confirmation of Fitch 
and Moody's that the then current ratings assigned to the Notes will not be downgraded below 
the Minimum Ratings, or, if the then current ratings assigned to the Notes is below the Minimum 
Ratings, below the then current ratings assigned to the Notes (or will not be withdrawn) as a 
result of such change.

--- Page 202 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
202 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes, other than the Reserve Fund Notes, will be applied to 
purchase SME Receivables pursuant to the SME Receivables Purchase Agreement from time to time.  
The Issuer will credit the net proceeds from the Reserve Fund Notes to the Reserve Account.

--- Page 203 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
203 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealers 
Subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Programme Agreement the Issuer may appoint 
one or more dealers (each a "Dealer") in connection with the issuance of a Series of Notes. In 
the Programme Agreement BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV has been appointed as initial Dealer for 
the Programme (the "Initial Dealer"). The Issuer, the Security Agent, the Dealers thus 
appointed will enter into a notes purchase agreement per issue of Notes substantially in the form 
set out in a schedule to the Programme Agreement. Any such agreement will extend to those 
matters stated under Final Terms and Terms and Conditions of the Notes above. In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the redocumentation of the Programme and the issue of Notes under 
the Programme.  
The names of Dealers thus appointed will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
General 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus (or any part 
thereof) comes are required to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. 
No one is authorised to give any information or to make any representation concerning the issue 
of the Notes other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any Dealer to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Each Dealer will agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers or sells Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have 
any responsibility therefore. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall represent, that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available there under, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating 
such sale. 
General sale, holding and transfer restrictions 
See Section "Transfer and Holding Restrictions" on page 209. 
Each Dealer appointed in respect of the initial distribution of certain Notes, will represent and 
agree that it has not and will not sell any Notes to parties who are not Eligible Holders. No 
Dealer will have any obligation in this respect after the initial distribution.

--- Page 204 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
204 
Series-0 Notes  
Notes of Series-0 are intended to be issued to (i) BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and/or any direct 
or indirect subsidiary of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, and/or (ii) any entity of the BNP Paribas 
group.  
It is anticipated that a substantial part of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
Series-0 Notes. 
European Economic Area – Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the UK FSMA 2000 and 
any rules or regulations made under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 ("UK FSMA 2000") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 205 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
205 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made 
in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and it will not 
offer or sell the Notes to, any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique) in 
Belgium. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute 
a contravention of Section 19 of the UK FSMA 2000 by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the UK FSMA 2000) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the UK 
FSMA 2000 does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 206 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
206 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the UK FSMA 2000 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, 
except pursuant to an exemption from, or in certain transactions exempt from, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer or sell Notes 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Notes are a part within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which 
it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of 
Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering of such tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. 
Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject 
any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does 
not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus 
by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person 
within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of 
the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, 
is prohibited. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly 
or indirectly, offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation whose headquarter is located in Japan, including a 
branch, agency or office in Japan of a non-resident) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an

--- Page 207 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
207 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any 
document, any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the "SFO") other than 
(i) to persons whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as 
principal or agent); or (ii) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any 
rules made under the SFO; or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "CWUMPO") or 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the CWUMPO; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or 
have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, 
any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or 
the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong 
(except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with 
respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made 
under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA, (ii) to a relevant Insert 2018-12 A13a-6 ICMA Primary Market Handbook person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, 
any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is:

--- Page 208 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
208 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which 
is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited 
investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired 
the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
1. 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
2. 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
3. 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
4. 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
5. 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest 
in the Notes in Switzerland. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no 
application has or will be made to admit the Pandbrieven to trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering 
or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 209 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
209 
TRANSFER AND HOLDING RESTRICTIONS  
Eligible Holders 
The Notes offered by the Issuer may only be subscribed, purchased or held by investors 
("Eligible Holders") that qualify both as: 
(a) 
qualifying investors (in aanmerking komende beleggers / investisseurs éligibles) within 
the meaning of Article 5, §3/1 of the Belgian Act of 3 August 2012 on institutions for 
collective investment that satisfy the criteria of directive 2009/65/EC and on institutions 
for investment in receivables (Wet betreffende de instellingen voor collectieve belegging 
die voldoen aan de criteria van richtlijn 2009/65/EG en de instellingen voor belegging 
in schuldvorderingen / Loi relative aux organismes de placement collectif qui répondent 
aux conditions de la Directive 2009/65/CE et aux organismes de placement en 
créances), as amended from time to time (the "UCITS Act") ("Qualifying Investors") 
that are acting for their own account (in accordance with Article 271/1 of the UCITS 
Act); and 
(b) 
a holder of an exempt securities account ("X-Account") with the Clearing System 
operated by the National Bank of Belgium or (directly or indirectly) with a participant 
in such system. 
The categories of "Qualifying Investors" are defined in the UCITS Act as: 
(a) 
'qualified investors' as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
any other person (other than a private individual) that opted in to be considered as a 
Qualifying Investor and is registered on the list of Qualifying Investors held by the 
FSMA (note that this opt-in does not relate to the opt-in to be treated as a professional 
client under MiFID). 
In the event that the Issuer becomes aware that particular Notes are held by investors other than 
Eligible Holders acting for their own account in breach of the above requirement, the Issuer will 
suspend interest payments relating to these Notes until such Notes will have been transferred to 
and held by Eligible Holders. Any transfers of Notes effected in breach of the above requirement 
will be unenforceable vis-à-vis the Issuer and any third party. 
Excluded Holders 
Notes may not be acquired by a Belgian or foreign transferee being a resident of or having an 
establishment in, or acting, for the purposes of the Notes, through a bank account held in a tax 
haven jurisdiction as referred to in Article 307, §1/2 of the BITC 1992 ("Excluded Holders").

--- Page 210 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
210 
TAXATION OF THE NOTES IN BELGIUM 
This section provides a general description of the main Belgian tax issues and consequences of 
acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or disposing of the Notes. This summary provides general 
information only and is restricted to the matters of Belgian taxation stated herein. It is intended neither 
as tax advice nor as a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax issues and consequences associated 
with or resulting from any of the above-mentioned transactions. Prospective acquirers are urged to 
consult their own tax advisors concerning the detailed and overall tax consequences of acquiring, 
holding, redeeming and/or disposing of the Notes and the possible impact of any regional, local or 
national laws, taking into account their own particular circumstances. 
The summary provided below is based on the information provided in this Base Prospectus and on the 
Belgian tax laws, regulations, resolutions and other public rules with legal effect, and the interpretation 
thereof under published case law, all as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and with the 
exception of subsequent amendments with retroactive effect. 
For the purpose of the below summary, a Belgian resident is (a) a legal entity subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax (i.e. a company that has its main establishment or its seat of effective management 
or control in Belgium and that is not excluded from corporate income tax) or (b) a legal entity subject 
to Belgian income tax on legal entities (i.e. an entity other than a legal entity subject to corporate income 
tax, having its main establishment or its seat of effective management or control in Belgium). A Belgian 
non-resident is any person that is not a Belgian resident. 
For Belgian income tax purposes, interest includes (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amounts paid 
by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not at maturity, or 
upon purchase by the Issuer), (iii) if the Notes qualify as "fixed income securities" (in the meaning of 
article 2, §1, 8° of the BITC 1992) in case of a sale of the Notes between two interest payment dates to 
any third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the detention 
period. "Fixed income securities" are defined as bonds, specific debt certificates issued by banks 
('kasbon'/'bon de caisse') and other similar securities, including securities where income is capitalised 
or securities which do not generate a periodic payment of income but are issued with a discount 
corresponding to the capitalised interest up to the maturity date of the security. 
1. 
GENERAL RULE 
Any taxes which may be due relating to payments of interest and/or principal in respect of the Notes 
will be borne by the beneficiary of those payments. 
If the Issuer, the National Bank of Belgium, its legal successor or any operator of any Alternative 
Clearing System (the "Clearing System Operator"), the Domiciliary Agent or any other person is 
required to make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges of whatever nature in respect of any payment in respect of the Notes, the Issuer, 
the Clearing System Operator or such Domiciliary Agent or any other person (as the case may be) shall 
make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant 
authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted. Neither the Issuer, the Clearing System 
Operator, any Domiciliary Agent nor any other person will be obliged to gross up the payment in respect 
of the Notes or make any additional payments to holders of Notes in respect of such withholding or 
deduction. If any such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem 
the relevant Notes.

--- Page 211 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
211 
2. 
BELGIAN TAX 
2.1 
Belgian withholding tax 
The interest component of the payments on the Notes will, as a rule, be subject to Belgian withholding 
tax on the gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. Both Belgian domestic tax 
law and applicable tax treaties may provide for a lower or zero rate subject to certain conditions and 
formalities being complied with. 
The holding of the Notes in the Clearing System permits investors to collect interest on their Notes free 
of Belgian withholding tax if and as long as at the moment of payment or attribution of interest the Notes 
are held by certain types of investors (the "Tax Eligible Investors", see below) in an exempt securities 
account ("X-account") that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect 
participant (a "Participant") in the Clearing System of the National Bank of Belgium (Nationale Bank 
van België/Banque Nationale de Belgique) (the "NBB"). 
"Tax Eligible Investors" are those persons referred to in Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 
on the deduction and indemnification of withholding tax (Koninklijk Besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de 
inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing / Arrêté Royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la 
perception et à la retenue et bonification du précompte mobilier) which include, inter alios: 
(a) 
Belgian resident corporations subject to Belgian corporate income tax within the 
meaning of Article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the BITC 1992; 
(b) 
without prejudice to Article 262, 1° and 5° of the BITC 1992, institutions, associations 
and companies provided for in Article 2, § 3 of the Belgian law of 9 July 1975 on the 
control of insurance companies (other than those referred to in (a) and (c)); 
(c) 
state regulated institutions for social security, or institutions assimilated therewith, 
provided for in Article 105, 2º of the Royal Decree implementing the BITC 1992; 
(d) 
non-resident savers provided for in Article 105, 5º of the same Decree; 
(e) 
investment funds provided for in Article 115 of the same Decree; 
(f) 
companies, associations and other tax payers provided for in article 227, 2º of the BITC 
1992, whose Notes are held for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium 
and which are subject to non-resident income tax in Belgium pursuant to Article 233 of 
the BITC 1992; 
(g) 
the Belgian State with respect to its investments which are exempt from withholding tax 
in accordance with Article 265 of the BITC 1992; 
(h) 
investment funds organised under foreign law which are an undivided estate managed 
by a management company on behalf of the participants, when their participation rights 
are not publicly issued in Belgium and are not traded in Belgium; and 
(i) 
Belgian resident companies, not provided for under (a), whose sole or principal activity 
consists in the granting of credits and loans. 
Tax Eligible Investors do not include, inter alios, Belgian resident investors who are individuals and 
Belgian non-profit organisations, other than those referred to under (b) and (c) above.

--- Page 212 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
212 
Participants to the Clearing System must keep the Notes they hold for non-Tax Eligible Investors in a 
non-exempt securities account (N-account). All payments of interest on such Notes will be made subject 
to deduction of withholding at the rate of 30 per cent. This withholding tax is withheld by the NBB from 
the interest payment and paid to the tax authorities. 
Transfers of Notes between an X-account and an N-account give rise to certain adjustment payments on 
account of withholding tax: 
(a) 
A transfer from an N-account (to an X-account or N-account) gives rise to the payment 
by the transferring non-Tax Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the 
accrued interest calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date. 
(b) 
A transfer from an X-account (or N-account) to an N-account gives rise to the refund 
by the NBB to the transferee non-Tax Eligible Investor of withholding tax on the 
accrued interest calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date. 
(c) 
Transfers of Notes between two X-accounts do not give rise to any adjustment on 
account of withholding tax. 
Upon opening an X-Account with the Clearing System or a Clearing System Participant, a Tax Eligible 
Investor is required to provide a statement of its eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian 
Minister of Finance and send it to the participant to the Clearing System where this account is kept. 
There are no ongoing certification requirements for Tax Eligible Investors save that they need to inform 
the Clearing System Participants of any change of the information contained in the statement of its 
eligible status. However, Clearing System Participants are required to annually report to the Clearing 
System as to the eligible status of each investor for whom they hold Notes in an X-Account during the 
preceding calendar year. 
An X-Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary in respect of the Notes that such 
intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the "Beneficial Owners"), provided that such clients 
are Tax Eligible Investors. In such case, the intermediary must certify to the Clearing System Participant 
on a form approved by the Minister of Finance that (a) the intermediary itself is a Tax Eligible Investor 
and (b) the relevant client holding its Notes through the intermediary is also a Tax Eligible Investor. A 
Beneficial Owner is also required to deliver a statement of its eligible status to the intermediary. 
These reporting and certification requirements do not apply to Notes held by Tax Eligible Investors 
through Euroclear or LuxCSD in their capacity as Participants to the Clearing System, or their sub-
participants outside of Belgium, provided that Euroclear or LuxCSD or their sub-participants only hold 
X-Accounts and are able to identify the Noteholders for whom they hold Notes in such account. The 
Tax Eligible Investors will need to confirm their status as Tax Eligible Investor (as defined in Article 4 
of the Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction and indemnification of withholding tax 
(Koninklijk Besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende 
voorheffing/Arrêté Royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du précompte 
mobilier) in the account agreement to be concluded with Euroclear or LuxCSD. Moreover, the contracts 
concluded by Euroclear or LuxCSD should contain the commitment that all of their clients-
accountholders qualify as Eligible Investors. 
In the event of any changes made in the laws or regulations governing the exemption for Tax Eligible 
Investors, neither the Issuer nor any other person will be obliged to make any additional payments in 
the event that the Issuer, the Clearing System or its Clearing System Participants, the Domiciliary Agent 
or any other person are required to make any withholding or deduction in respect of the payments on

--- Page 213 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
213 
the Notes. If any such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem 
the relevant Notes. 
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the Clearing System, a Noteholder who is withdrawing 
Notes from an X-Account will, following payment of interest accrued on those Notes from the last 
preceding Payment Date, be entitled to claim an indemnity from the Belgian tax authorities of an amount 
equal to the withholding tax, if any, on the interest payable on the Notes from the last preceding Payment 
Date until the date of withdrawal of the Notes from the Clearing System. 
2.2 
Belgian income tax 
 
Belgian resident corporations 
Interest on the Notes received by a corporate Noteholder who is a Belgian resident for tax 
purposes, i.e. who is subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt 
des sociétés) is taxable at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of, in principle, 25 per cent. As 
an exception, small and medium-sized companies are taxable at a reduced corporate income tax 
rate of 20 per cent. on the first EUR 100,000 of their taxable base, subject to a number of 
conditions. Any capital gains realised on the Notes will be subject to the same corporate income 
tax rate. Any capital loss on the Notes should in principle be tax deductible. 
Any withholding tax retained by, or on behalf of, the Issuer will, subject to certain conditions, 
be creditable against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount will in principle be 
refundable. 
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of article 185bis of the BITC. 
 
Belgian resident legal entities 
Belgian resident legal entities which are subject to Belgian income tax on legal entities 
(rechtspersonenbelasting/ impôt des personnes morales) and which do not qualify as Tax 
Eligible Investors and/or which do not hold the Notes through an X-account in the Clearing 
System are subject to a withholding tax of 30% on any interest payments received under the 
Notes. Such withholding tax then generally constitutes the final taxation in the hands of the 
relevant beneficiaries. 
Belgian legal entities which qualify as Tax Eligible Investors and which hold the Notes through 
an X-account in the Clearing System, and which consequently have received gross income 
interest free of Belgian withholding tax will have to declare the interest and pay the applicable 
Belgian withholding tax to the Belgian Treasury themselves at the rate of 30 per cent. The 
withholding tax will be the final tax. Any capital gains realised on the Notes will be exempt 
from the legal entities tax. Capital losses incurred will not be tax deductible. 
 
Non-residents of Belgium 
Noteholders who are not residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and are not holding the 
Notes as part of a taxable business activity in Belgium will not incur or become liable for any 
Belgian tax on income or capital gains or other like taxes by reason only of the acquisition, 
ownership or disposal of the Notes provided that they qualify as Tax Eligible Investors and hold 
their Notes in an X-account.

--- Page 214 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
214 
If the Notes are not entered into an X-account by the Tax Eligible Investor, withholding tax on 
the interest is in principle applicable at the current rate of 30 per cent., possibly reduced pursuant 
to Belgian domestic tax law or applicable tax treaties, on the gross amount of the interest. 
A non-resident company having allocated the Notes to the exercise of a professional activity in 
Belgium through a Belgian establishment is subject to in substance the same rules as a Belgian 
resident corporation (see above). 
2.3 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
The sale and purchase of the Notes on the secondary market executed in Belgium through a 
financial intermediary will trigger a tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op de 
beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les operations de bourse) of 0.12 per cent. with a maximum of EUR 
1,300 per party and per transaction. The tax is due separately from each party to any such 
transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), both collected by the 
professional intermediary. 
The acquisition of Notes upon their issuance (primary market) is not subject to the tax on stock 
exchange transactions. 
The scope of application of the tax on stock exchange transactions has been extended as of 1 
January 2017 to secondary market transactions of which the order is directly or indirectly made 
to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium by (i) a private individual with 
habitual residence in Belgium or (ii) a legal entity for the account of its seat or establishment in 
Belgium (both referred to as a "Belgian Investor"). In such case, the tax on stock exchange 
transactions is due by the ordering private individual or legal entity (who will be responsible for 
the filing of a stock exchange tax return and for the timely payment of the amount of stock 
exchange tax due) unless that individual or entity can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange 
transactions due has already been paid by the professional intermediary established outside 
Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional intermediary also has to provide each client 
(which 
gives 
such 
intermediary 
an 
order) with 
a qualifying 
order statement 
(bordereau/borderel), at the latest on the business day after the day on which the relevant 
transaction was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and 
duplicates must be retained by the financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a 
qualifying agent day-today listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional 
intermediaries established outside Belgium have the possibility to appoint a stock exchange tax 
responsible representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (a "Stock 
Exchange Tax Representative"). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then be liable 
towards the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions on behalf of clients that 
fall within one of the aforementioned categories (provided that these clients do not qualify as 
exempt persons for stock exchange tax purposes – see below) and to comply with the reporting 
obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement (bordereau/borderel) in that 
respect. If such Stock Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange 
transactions, the Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on 
stock exchange transactions. 
The tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their 
own account, including investors who are not Belgian residents provided they deliver an 
affidavit to the financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status and 
certain Belgian institutional investors as defined in Article 126/1, 2° of the Code of

--- Page 215 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
215 
miscellaneous taxes and duties (Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/Code des droits et taxes 
divers). 
2.4 
Tax on Securities Accounts 
The law of 17 February 2021 introducing an annual tax on securities accounts has been 
published in the Belgian Official Gazette on February 25, 2021. The law introduces an indirect 
tax on securities accounts (the "Tax on Securities Accounts") which applies to securities 
accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective as to whether 
these accounts are held, with a financial intermediary which is incorporated or located in 
Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, 
companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary incorporated or located in Belgium, 
and to non-residents which hold one or more securities accounts through a Belgian 
establishment. Pursuant to certain double tax treaties, Belgium has no right to tax capital. Hence, 
to the extent the Tax on Securities Accounts is viewed as a tax on capital within the meaning of 
these double tax treaties, treaty protection may, subject to certain conditions, be claimed. 
Belgian resident and non-resident individuals, companies and legal entities will be taxed at a 
rate of 0.15 per cent. on the average value of qualifying financial instruments held on one or 
more securities accounts during a reference period of twelve consecutive months (in principle) 
starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year. No Tax on Securities 
Accounts will be due provided that the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on 
those accounts amounts to less than EUR 1,000,000 during the specific reference period. If, 
however, the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts amounts 
to EUR 1,000,000 or more, the Tax on Securities Accounts will be due on the entire average 
value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts during the specific reference 
period (and, hence, not only on the part which exceeds the EUR 1,000,000 threshold). However, 
the amount of the Tax on Securities Accounts is limited to 10 per cent. of the difference between 
the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts and EUR 1,000,000. 
The financial instruments envisaged include not only shares, bonds and Notes, but also 
derivatives. Each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a 
securities account, each holder shall be jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax 
and each holder may fulfil the declaration requirements for all holders. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central 
Bank and foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository 
included in Article 198/1, §6, 12° of the BITC, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as 
defined by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit 
institutions and investment companies and (vi) the investment companies as defined by Article 
3, §1 of the Law of 25 October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the 
legal status and supervision of portfolio management and investment advice companies, which 
are, pursuant to national law, admitted to hold financial instruments for the account of 
customers. 
The law on the Tax on Securities Accounts entered into force on February 26, 2021. The law 
also provides for certain anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying as from 30 October 2020: 
a rebuttable general anti-abuse provision and two irrefutable specific anti-abuse provisions. The 
latter covers the splitting of a securities account into multiple securities accounts held with the 
same intermediary and the conversion of taxable financial instruments held on a securities 
account, into registered financial instruments.

--- Page 216 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
216 
There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated 
entities for their own account. 
It is expected that the value of the Notes will have to be taken into account in determining the 
value of a securities account. 
Prospective investors are strongly advised to follow up and to seek their own professional advice 
in relation to this annual Tax on Securities Accounts and the possible impact thereof on their 
own personal tax position. 
2.5 
Exchange of Information 
(i) 
Common Reporting Standard 
Following recent international developments, the exchange of information is governed by the 
Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"). On 21 January 2022, 115 jurisdictions signed the 
Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement ("MCAA"), which is a multilateral framework 
agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent 
bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent 
notifications. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to 
a due diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which 
includes interest, dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, 
sales proceeds from financial assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in 
the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts 
held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal residence in 
another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to 
report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative 
cooperation in direct taxation ("DAC2"), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of 
financial information between EU Member States as foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the 
previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The Belgian government has implemented said DAC2, respectively the CRS, per the Law of 16 
December 2015. 
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and to the Law of 16 December 2015. Therefore, Belgian 
financial institutions holding Notes for tax residents in another CRS contracting state shall report 
financial information regarding the Notes (income, gross proceeds, etc.) to the Belgian 
competent authority, who shall communicate the information to the competent authority of the 
state of the tax residence of the beneficial owner. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
(ii) 
FATCA (U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act) 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("FATCA") impose a 
new reporting regime with respect to certain payments to any non-U.S. financial institutions (a 
"foreign financial institution", or FFI (as defined by FATCA)) (i) in a jurisdiction that has not 
signed an intergovernmental agreement (IGA) or (ii) in a jurisdiction that has not reached 
agreements in substance and that did not become a Participating FFI by entering into an

--- Page 217 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
217 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and is not otherwise exempt from or in 
deemed compliance with FATCA. The list of approved jurisdictions and jurisdictions that have 
reached 
agreements 
in 
substance 
can 
be 
consulted 
on 
the 
IRS' 
website: 
http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/tax-policy/treaties/Pages/FATCA-Archive.aspx. The 
information contained on the website of the U.S. Internal Revenue Services (www.treasury.gov) 
does not form part of this Information Memorandum and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the FSMA. 
Pursuant to FATCA , a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution 
for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Belgium) have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under 
the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments 
such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. 
The new withholding regime was phased in beginning 1 July 2014 for payments from sources 
within the United States and will thus not apply to foreign passthru payments. In a later phase, 
it might be possible that withholding would apply to foreign passthru payments. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019 and 
Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after 
the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person 
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
In execution of the FATCA legislation, an Intergovernmental Agreement ("IGA") was signed 
on 23 April 2014 between Belgium and the United States and a Belgian law implementing the 
FATCA legislation was adopted by the Belgian legislator (Wet tot regeling van de mededeling 
van inlichtingen betreffende financiële rekeningen, door de Belgische financiële instellingen en 
de FOD Financiën in het kader van automatische uitwisseling van inlichtingen op internationaal 
niveau en voor belastingdoeleinden/Loi réglant la communication des renseignements relatifs 
aux comptes financiers, par les institutions financières belges et le SPF Finances, dans le cadre 
d'un échange automatique de renseignements au niveau international et à des fins fiscales of 16 
December 2015). This law implies that Belgian financial institutions holding the Notes for "U.S. 
accountholders" and for "Non-U.S. owned passive Non Financial Foreign entities" shall report 
financial information regarding the Notes (income, gross proceeds, etc.) to the Belgian 
competent authority, who shall communicate the information to the U.S. tax authorities. 
FATCA is particularly complex. The above description is based in part on regulations, official 
guidance and model IGAs, all of which are subject to change or may be implemented in a

--- Page 218 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
218 
materially different form. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on how these 
rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they may receive in connection with the Notes. 
(iii) 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's 
Proposal") for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax (the "FTT") in Belgium, 
Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
"Participating Member States"). On 8 December 2015, Estonia withdrew from the group of 
states willing to introduce the FTT.  
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The 
issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
"established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) 
by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
In 2019, Finance Ministers of the Member States participating in the enhanced cooperation 
indicated that they were discussing a new FTT proposal based on the French model of the tax 
and the possible mutualisation of the revenues among the Participating Member States as a 
contribution to the EU budget. According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted 
by the German government), the FTT would be levied on the acquisition of shares of listed 
companies which have their head office in a Participating Member State and market 
capitalisation in excess of EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the preceding year. The tax would 
be levied on the transfer of ownership when shares of listed public limited companies are 
acquired. Initial public offerings, market making and intraday trading would not be taxable. The 
tax rate would be no less than 0.2%. The FTT would be payable to the Participating Member 
State in whose territory the issuer of a Financial Instrument has established its registered office. 
According to the latest draft of the new FTT proposal, the FTT would not apply to straight notes. 
Like the Commission's Proposal, the latest draft of the new FTT proposal also stipulates that 
once the FTT enters into force, the Participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce 
taxes on financial transactions other than FTT or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 
2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax. For Belgium, 
the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member 
States and the timing remains unclear. The FTT proposal may still be abandoned or repealed. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Given the lack of certainty surrounding 
the proposals and their implementation, it is not possible to predict what effect the proposed 
FTT might have on the business of the Issuer; it could materially adversely affect its business. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.

--- Page 219 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
219 
STABILISATION 
In connection with each issue of Notes a stabilising manager (each a "Stabilising Manager") may be 
appointed. If a Stabilising Manager is appointed, the relevant Stabilising Manager will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Stabilising Manager or any duly appointed person acting for the Stabilising 
Manager may over-allot (provided that the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant 
Class or Sub-class of any Series of Notes allotted does not exceed 105 per cent. of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Class or Sub-class of any Series of Notes) or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the relevant Class or Sub-class of any Series of Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising 
Manager (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action.  
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Class or Sub-class of any Series of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) days after the Issue Date and sixty (60) 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Class or Sub-class of any Series of Notes.  
Stabilisation transactions shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations as 
amended from time to time.

--- Page 220 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
220

--- Page 221 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
221 
INFORMATION RELATING TO CERTAIN TRANSACTION PARTIES 
THE ISSUER 
Name and Status 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) incorporated 
under the name Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA, institutionele vennootschap voor belegging in 
schuldvorderingen naar Belgisch recht / société d'investissement en créances institutionnelle de droit 
belge in accordance with the UCITS Act. 
Its registered office is at Rue Royale 97, fourth floor, 1000 Brussels, Belgium and it is registered with 
the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under 0820.094.121 and its telephone number is +32 2 209 22 00. 
Its website is at https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/securitization/securitization/esmee-master-
issuer-n-v---s-a. The information contained on such website does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The Issuer is subject to the rules applicable to institutionele vennootschappen voor belegging in 
schuldvorderingen naar Belgisch recht/société d'investissement en créances institutionnelle de droit 
belge as set out in the UCITS Act. It has been duly registered with the Belgian Federal Public Service 
Finance (Federale Overheidsdienst Financiën/Services Public Fédéral Finances) (the "Belgian Federal 
Public Service Finance")  on 23 November 2009 as an institutionele vennootschappen voor belegging 
in schuldvorderingen naar Belgisch recht / société d'investissement en créances institutionnelle de droit 
belge. This registration cannot be considered a judgement as to the quality of the transaction, nor on the 
situation or prospects of the Issuer. 
Incorporation 
The Issuer was incorporated on 23 October 2009 for an unlimited period of time. 
A copy of the articles of association (statuten/statuts) of the Issuer are available together with this Base 
Prospectus at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified offices of the Domiciliary Agent. 
The Issuer has the corporate power and capacity to issue the Notes, to acquire SME Receivables and to 
enter into and perform its obligations under the Relevant Documents. 
The founders of the Issuer are Stichting Holding Esmée and Genfinance International NV. 
Share Capital and Shareholding 
The Issuer has a total issued share capital of EUR 62,000, which is divided into 62,000 ordinary 
registered shares, each fully paid-up, without fixed nominal value. It does not have any authorised capital 
which is not fully paid up. 
Sixty one thousand nine hundred (61,900) of the shares of the Issuer are all owned by Stichting Holding 
Esmée. One hundred (100) shares are owned by Genfinance International NV. Stichting Holding Esmée 
is a foundation (stichting / fondation) incorporated under the laws of Belgium on 22 September 2009. 
The objects of Stichting Holding Esmée are, inter alia, to incorporate, acquire and to hold shares in the 
share capital of the Issuer and comparable companies and to exercise all rights attached to such shares 
and to dispose of and encumber such shares.  
The directors of Stichting Holding Esmée are:

--- Page 222 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
222 
(a) 
Brecht Guldemont, resident at Rozenlaan 33, 1700 Dilbeek, Belgium, with national registration 
number 91.11.05-271.15;  
(b) 
Irène Florescu, resident at Avenue des Commandants Borlée 1 (Box 4), 1370 Jodoigne, 
Belgium, with national registration number 66.07.26-532.26; and  
(c) 
Intertrust Financial Services BV, having its registered office at Marnixlaan 23, 5th floor, 1000 
Brussels, Belgium, with registration number 0861.696.827, represented by its permanent 
representative Christophe Tans,  
(the Holding Directors). 
Each of the Holding; the Security Agent and the Holding Director has entered into a management 
agreement pursuant to which the Holding Director agrees and undertakes to, inter alia, (i) do all that an 
adequate director should do or should refrain from doing, and (ii) refrain from taking certain actions (a) 
detrimental to the obligations of the Issuer under any of the Relevant Documents or (b) which it knows 
would or could reasonably result in a change to the ratings assigned to the Notes outstanding below the 
Minimum Ratings of the Notes or, if the ratings of the Notes are below the Minimum Ratings of the 
Notes, will adversely affect the then current ratings assigned to the Notes outstanding.  
In addition each of the Holding Directors agrees in the relevant management agreement that it will not 
enter into any agreement in relation to the Issuer other than the Relevant Documents to which it is a 
party, without the prior written consent of the Security Agent and without written confirmation by Fitch 
that there will be no downgrade of the ratings assigned to the Notes outstanding below the Minimum 
Ratings of the Notes or, if the ratings of the Notes are below the Minimum Ratings of the Notes, that 
the then current ratings assigned to the Notes outstanding will not be adversely affected (and that the 
ratings of the Notes will not be withdrawn), and without the prior notification of Moody's thereof. 
Corporate Purpose and Permitted Activity 
The corporate purpose of the Issuer as set out in article 3 of the Articles of Association (statuten/statuts) 
consists exclusively in the collective investment of financial means, that are exclusively collected with 
qualifying investors for the purposes of the UCITS Act, in receivables that are assigned to it by third 
parties. 
The securities issued by the Issuer can only be acquired by those institutional or professional investors. 
The Issuer may carry out all activities and take all measures that can contribute to the realisation of its 
corporate purpose, such as e.g., but not exclusively, to issue financial instruments whether or not 
negotiable, contract loans or credit agreements in order to finance its portfolio of receivables or to 
manage payment default risks on the receivables and pledge the receivables it holds in its portfolio and 
its other assets. The Issuer may hold additional or temporary term investment, liquidities and securities. 
The Issuer may purchase, issue or sell all sorts of financial instruments, purchase or sale options relating 
to financial instruments, interest instruments or currencies, as well as enter into swaps, interest swaps or 
term contracts relating to currencies or interest and negotiate options on such contracts, provided that 
the transaction serves to cover a risk linked to one or more assets on its balance sheet. 
Outside the scope of the securitisation transactions carried out by it and outside the investments 
permitted by law, the Issuer may not hold any assets, enter into any agreements or engage in any other 
activities. It may not engage personnel. 
Any amendment of the corporate purpose of the Issuer requires a special majority of 80 percent of the 
voting rights.

--- Page 223 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
223 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of the Issuer ensures the management of the Issuer. Pursuant to article 16 of its 
Articles of Association, the board consists of a minimum of 2 directors and a maximum of 5 directors. 
The Issuer's current board of directors consists of the following persons:  
(a) 
Intertrust (Belgium) NV/SA, registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 
0435.177.929 (LPR Brussels), having its registered office at Marnixlaan 23, 5th floor, 1000 
Brussels, Belgium, represented by its permanent representative Christophe Tans, resident at 
Gravierstraat 96, 3700 Tongeren, with national registration number 72.12.23 – 205.22; and  
(b) 
Stichting Holding Esmée, private stichting, having its registered office at Marnixlaan 23, 5th 
floor, 1000 Brussels, Belgium, represented by its permanent representative Irene Florescu, 
resident at Avenue des Commandants Borlée 1 (Box 4), 1370 Jodoigne, Belgium, with national 
registration number 66.07.26 – 532.26, 
(the Issuer Directors). 
The current term of office of the Issuer Directors expires after the annual shareholders meeting to be 
held in 2026. 
Companies of which Irene Florescu has been a member of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies or partner at any time in the previous five years are:  
(a) 
in person: 
(a) 
B-ARENA NV 
(b) 
BASS MASTER ISSUER NV 
(c) 
BAYREUTH SA 
(d) 
BELALAN BISCHOFSHEIM LEASEHOLD SA 
(e) 
BELGIAN LION NV 
(f) 
CAPRESE II SA 
(g) 
COSMOTE GLOBAL SOLUTIONS NV 
(h) 
CREAFIN CREDITS NV 
(i) 
D SQUARE REAL ESTATE SA FIIS 
(j) 
DAVOS SA 
(k) 
DEKA REGENT SA 
(l) 
ELSINORE SA 
(m) 
FIGUERAS SA 
(n) 
FLI GROUP BV 
(o) 
FPE (BE) HOLDING SRL

--- Page 224 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
224 
(p) 
GRANLA SRL 
(q) 
LA CITY SA 
(r) 
LOAN INVEST NV 
(s) 
MARNIX FREEHOLD BV FIIS 
(t) 
PEGACOSMOS SRL 
(u) 
PEGALAND SRL 
(v) 
PEGAMO I SRL 
(w) 
PEGAMO III SRL 
(x) 
PEGAPARK SRL 
(y) 
PEGARE SRL 
(z) 
PEGASON SRL 
(aa) 
PEGATRIM SRL 
(bb) 
PENATES FUNDING NV 
(cc) 
ROYAL STREET NV 
(dd) 
SILVER TOWER SA 
(ee) 
STICHTING BACHELIER - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(ff) 
STICHTING BUMPER BE - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(gg) 
STICHTING HOLDING ESMEE - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(hh) 
STICHTING ICLHB FINANCE - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(ii) 
STICHTING VESTA - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(jj) 
THE ONE OFFICE SA 
(kk) 
WTSS PARC MOUSCRON SA 
(b) 
as permanent representative of Intertrust Belgium NV: 
(a) 
AISELA10 SRL 
(b) 
AVOCENT BELGIUM LIMITED SRL 
(c) 
BUSCHBERG ASSOCIATES SA 
(d) 
CULTURA 2006 FONDATION PRIVEE 
(e) 
EUROPEAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ROUND TABLE ASBL 
(f) 
FRIBLER BELGIUM HOLDING SRL

--- Page 225 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
225 
(g) 
GELASE SA 
(h) 
GULAG BELGIUM HOLDING SRL 
(i) 
PASSPORT BELGIUM SA 
(c) 
as permanent representative of Intertrust Corporate Services NV: 
(j) 
LOCH LOMOND FOUNDATION PRIVATE STICHTING 
(d) 
as permanent representative of Intertrust Financial Services BV: 
(a) 
COMMUNITY WASTE HOLDING PRIVATE STICHTING 
(b) 
CPIS SA 
(c) 
CPIT SA 
(d) 
CPIV SA 
(e) 
CPIW SA 
(f) 
DEXIA SECURED FUNDING BELGIUM NV 
(g) 
MERCURIUS FUNDING NV 
(h) 
STICHTING HOLDING BASS - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(i) 
STICHTING HOLDING BELGIAN LION - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(j) 
STICHTING JPA PROPERTIES - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(e) 
as permanent representative of Stichting Holding Esmee Private Stichting: 
(a) 
ESMEE MASTER ISSUER NV 
Companies of which Christophe Tans has been a member of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies or partner at any time in the previous five years are: 
(a) 
in person: 
(a) 
B-ARENA NV 
(b) 
BASS MASTER ISSUER NV 
(c) 
BAYREUTH SA 
(d) 
BELALAN BISCHOFSHEIM LEASEHOLD SA 
(e) 
BELGIAN LION NV 
(f) 
BRUSSELS CV 2 SRL 
(g) 
BRUSSELS CV SRL 
(h) 
BUMPER BE NV

--- Page 226 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
226 
(i) 
CAPRESE II SA 
(j) 
CARESTOTEL BV 
(k) 
CENTRAL PARK NV 
(l) 
COSMOTE GLOBAL SOLUTIONS NV 
(m) 
CREAFIN CREDITS NV 
(n) 
CULTURA 2006 FONDATION PRIVEE 
(o) 
D SQUARE REAL ESTATE SA FIIS 
(p) 
DAVOS SA 
(q) 
DEKA REGENT SA 
(r) 
ELSINORE SA 
(s) 
FIGUERAS SA 
(t) 
FLI GROUP BV 
(u) 
FONDATION HOLDING AUTO ABS BELGIUM LOANS FONDATION PRIVEE 
(v) 
FOUR-LEAF INVESTMENT NV 
(w) 
FPE (BE) HOLDING SRL 
(x) 
GELASE SA 
(y) 
GRANLA SRL 
(z) 
HOTEL DEVELOPMENT ANTWERPEN NV 
(aa) 
HOTEL DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION NV 
(bb) 
HOTEL OPERATIONS HASSELT BV 
(cc) 
ICLHB FINANCE NV 
(dd) 
INTERNATIONAL HOTEL DEVELOPMENT FLANDERS NV 
(ee) 
LA CITY SA 
(ff) 
LA LINIERE HOTEL SA 
(gg) 
LOAN INVEST NV 
(hh) 
MARNIX GM 
(ii) 
MERCATORPARK ANTWERP NV 
(jj) 
PEGACOSMOS SRL 
(kk) 
PEGALAND SRL

--- Page 227 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
227 
(ll) 
PEGAMO I SRL 
(mm) PEGAMO III SRL 
(nn) 
PEGAPARK SRL 
(oo) 
PEGARE SRL 
(pp) 
PEGASON SRL 
(qq) 
PEGATRIM SRL 
(rr) 
PENATES FUNDING NV 
(ss) 
ROYAL STREET NV 
(tt) 
SILVER TOWER SA 
(uu) 
STATE GRID INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT BELGIUM LIMITED SRL 
(vv) 
STICHTING BACHELIER - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(ww) 
STICHTING BUMPER BE - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(xx) 
STICHTING HOLDING BELGIAN LION - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(yy) 
STICHTING ICLHB FINANCE - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(zz) 
THE ONE OFFICE SA 
(aaa) 
TREFONDINVEST BV 
(bbb) WTSS PARC MOUSCRON SA 
(b) 
as permanent representative of Intertrust Belgium NV: 
(a) 
AZOLVER BELGIUM BV 
(b) 
BUNBEG SRL 
(c) 
CLEAR LAKE BV/SRL 
(d) 
COMMUNITY WASTE HOLDING - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(e) 
CONSOLIDATED MINERALS (BELGIUM) LIMITED SRL 
(f) 
CPIS SA 
(g) 
CPIT SA 
(h) 
CPIV SA 
(i) 
CPIW SA 
(j) 
CUBE COLD EUROPE BELGIUM BIDCO NV 
(k) 
ENERGY STORAGE SOLUTIONS S.L. - BRANCH

--- Page 228 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
228 
(l) 
EQUITIX GWC HOLDCO NV 
(m) 
ESMEE MASTER ISSUER NV 
(n) 
GCCL (BELGIUM) SERVICES SRL 
(o) 
HERITAGE FUND SRL 
(p) 
HIH GLOBAL RUE ROYALE SA 
(q) 
HUDSON GLOBAL RESOURCES BELGIUM NV 
(r) 
IMMO WATRO SA 
(s) 
JPA PROPERTIES BV 
(t) 
KADANS SCIENCE PARTNER BE SERVICES BV 
(u) 
KADANS SCIENCE PARTNER BE SERVICES I BV 
(v) 
KF JAPAN BV 
(w) 
LOCH LOMOND FOUNDATION - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(x) 
MONTINDU NV 
(y) 
PROLOGIS MEXICO HOLDING I (A) BV 
(z) 
PROLOGIS MEXICO HOLDING II (A) BV 
(aa) 
PROLOGIS MEXICO HOLDING III (A) BV 
(bb) 
PROLOGIS MEXICO HOLDING IV (A) BV 
(cc) 
PROLOGIS MEXICO HOLDING V (A) BV 
(dd) 
ROBHEIN BEHEER BV 
(ee) 
ROSPA BELGIUM BV 
(ff) 
STICHTING JPA PROPERTIES - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(gg) 
STRATEGIC METALS BV 
(hh) 
TRONE HOLDING SA 
(ii) 
WADI INVESTMENT SRL 
(c) 
as permanent representative of Intertrust Financial Services BV: 
(a) 
AUTO ABS BELGIUM LOANS 2019 SA 
(b) 
AVOCENT BELGIUM LTD SRL 
(c) 
BOETIE BELGIUM HOLDING SRL 
(d) 
LONKO BELGIUM HOLDING SRL

--- Page 229 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
229 
(e) 
STICHTING HOLDING ESMEE - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(f) 
STICHTING VESTA - PRIVATE STICHTING 
(d) 
as permanent representative of Kadans Science Partner BE Services BV: 
(a) 
KADANS SCIENCE PARTNER I BE S.COMM. 
(e) 
as permanent representative of Kadans Science Partner BE Services I BV: 
(a) 
WATSON & CRICK HILL S.COMM. 
(f) 
as permanent representative of Stichting Vesta - Private Stichting: 
(a) 
DEXIA SECURED FUNDING BELGIUM NV 
(b) 
MERCURIUS FUNDING NV 
None of the Issuer Directors have been subject to official public incrimination and/or sanctions by 
statutory or regulatory authorities (including designated professional bodies), nor have they been 
disqualified by a court from acting as member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies 
of any issuer or from acting in the management or conduct of the affairs of any issuer for at least the 
previous five years. 
Other administrative, management or supervisory bodies 
The Issuer has no other administrative, management or supervisory bodies than the board of directors. 
The board of directors will delegate some of its management powers to the Administrator for the purpose 
of assisting it in the management of the affairs of the Issuer but it will retain overall responsibility for 
the management of the Issuer, in accordance with the UCITS Act.  
Following the enactment of the Belgian Act of 17 December 2008 on the installation of an audit 
committee within listed companies and financial institutions and the implementation thereof in the Code 
of Companies and Associations, the Issuer has in particular confirmed that no audit committee will be 
installed within its Board of Director based on the exemption available to companies the only business 
activity of which is limited to the issuance of asset backed securities as provided for in Article 7:99, §8, 
1° of the Code of Companies and Associations. Whereas the type and limited number of transactions 
effected within the context of the securitisation transaction entered into by the Issuer and the limitation 
of the Issuer's activities (see Corporate Purpose and Permitted Activity above), should not result in 
complex financial reporting, the Issuer deems the installation of a separate audit committee within the 
Board of Directors not useful, also taken into account that the Board of Directors is only constituted of 
a limited number of professional directors. 
Conflicts of interest 
None of the Issuer Directors has any conflict of interest between its duties as director and its other duties 
or private interests. 
None of the Issuer or the Holding have a conflict of interest with any of its directors with respect to the 
entering into the Relevant Documents. 
Issuer Management Agreement

--- Page 230 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
230 
Each of the Issuer Directors has entered into a management agreement with the Issuer and the Security 
Agent. In these management agreements (the "Issuer Management Agreements"), each of the Issuer 
Directors agrees and undertakes to, inter alia, (i) act as director of the Issuer and to perform certain 
services in connection therewith, (ii) do all that an adequate director should do or should refrain from 
doing, and (iii) refrain from taking any action detrimental to the obligations under any of the Relevant 
Documents. 
In addition each of the Issuer Directors agrees in the relevant Issuer Management Agreements that it 
will not enter into any agreement relating to the Issuer other than the Relevant Documents to which it is 
a party, without the prior written consent of the Security Agent. The Rating Agencies will be notified 
by the Issuer Directors in advance of the entering into of such other agreements.  
Shareholders' Meeting 
The shareholders' meeting has the power to take decisions on matters for which it is competent pursuant 
to the Code of Companies and Associations. In addition, the Articles of Association provide that if as a 
result of a conflict of interest of one or more directors with respect to a decision to be taken by the board 
of directors of the Issuer, such decision cannot be validly taken due to the applicable legal provisions 
with respect to conflicts of interests in public companies, the matter will be submitted to the 
shareholders' meeting and the shareholders' meeting will have the power to appoint a direction ad hoc 
or to take a decision on such matter. 
The annual shareholders' meeting will be held each year on the last Business Day of the month of May 
at 3.00 pm (Central European Time) at the registered office of the Issuer. The shareholders' meetings 
are hold at the Issuer's registered office. A general meeting may be convened at any time and must be 
convened whenever this is requested by shareholders representing 20 per cent of the share capital. 
Shareholders' meetings are convened upon convening notice of the board of directors (or the auditor or 
liquidator). Such notices contain the agenda as well as the proposals of resolutions and are made in 
accordance with the Code of Companies and Associations. Copies of the documents to be provided by 
law are provided with the convening notice. 
A shareholder may be represented at a meeting of shareholders by a proxyholder. In order to be valid, 
the proxy must state the agenda of the meeting and the proposed resolutions, a request for instruction 
for the exercise of the voting right for each item on the agenda and the information on how the 
proxyholder must exercise his voting right in the absence of restriction of the shareholders. 
The shareholders' meeting may validly resolve irrespective of the number of shares present or 
represented, unless otherwise provided by law. Any resolution is validly adopted at the majority of the 
votes. Amendments of the Articles of Association require a majority of 75 per cent of the votes (and a 
majority of 80 per cent for the amendment of the corporate purpose). 
Share Transfer Restrictions 
Given the specific purpose of the Issuer and Article 3, 3° and Article 271/1 of the UCITS Act, the shares 
in the Issuer can only be held by qualifying investors (in aanmerking komende beleggers / investisseurs 
éligibles) within the meaning of Article 5, §3/1 of the UCITS Act. Each transfer in violation of the share 
transfer restrictions contained in Article 11 of the Articles of Association (statuten/statuts) of the Issuer, 
is null and is not enforceable against the Issuer. In addition :

--- Page 231 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
231 
(a) 
if shares are transferred to a transferee who does not qualify as a qualifying investor (in 
aanmerking komende belegger / investisseur éligible) within the meaning of Article 5, §3/1 of 
the UCITS Act, the Issuer will not register such transfer in its share register; and 
(b) 
as long as shares are held by a shareholder who does not qualify as a qualifying investor (in 
aanmerking komende belegger / investisseur éligible) within the meaning of Article 5, §3/1 of 
the UCITS Act, the payment of any dividend in relation to the shares held by such shareholder 
will be suspended. 
Share transfers are further subject to authorisation by the board of directors. If a proposed transfer of 
shares is not authorised by the board of directors, the board of directors will have to propose one or more 
alternative transferees for the shares. 
The shares may not be pledged or be the subject matter of another right in rem other than the property 
interest, unless approved by the board of directors. 
Corporate Governance 
The Issuer complies with all binding regulations of corporate governance applicable to it in Belgium. 
Capitalisation 
The following table shows the capitalisation of the Issuer as of at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Share Capital 
Issuer Share Capital:  
EUR 62,000 
Borrowings 
Class A Notes:  
EUR 7,550,000,000 
Class B Notes:  
EUR 1,750,000,000 
Class C Notes:  
EUR 400,000,000 
Class D Notes:  
EUR 300,000,000 
Class E Notes:  
EUR 120,000,000 
Class F Notes:  
EUR 120,000,000 
Class G Notes:  
EUR 110,000,000 
Auditors 
On 31 May 2021, the general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer appointed PwC Bedrijfsrevisoren 
BV, incorporated under Belgian law with registered office at Culliganlaan 5, 1831 Machelen, Belgium 
and member of the Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren as statutory auditor of the Issuer.  
Belgian Tax Position of the Issuer 
Withholding Tax on Moneys Collected by the Issuer

--- Page 232 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
232 
Receipts of moveable income (in particular interest, and with the exception of Belgian source dividends) 
by the Issuer are exempt from Belgian withholding tax. Therefore no such tax is due in Belgium on 
interest payments received under any Loan by the Issuer from a Borrower. 
Similarly a withholding tax exemption will be available for interest paid to the Issuer on investments or 
cash balances. 
Corporation tax 
The Issuer is subject to corporation tax at the current ordinary rate of 25 per cent. However its tax base 
is notional: it can only be taxed on any disallowed business expenses and any abnormal or gratuitous 
benefits received by it. The Issuer does not anticipate incurring any such expenses or receiving any such 
benefits. 
Value added tax (VAT) 
The Issuer qualifies in principle, as a VAT taxpayer but is fully exempt from VAT in respect of its 
operations. Any VAT payable by the Issuer is therefore not recoverable under the VAT legislation. The 
current ordinary VAT rate is 21 per cent. 
Services supplied to the Issuer by the Pool Servicer, the Seller, the Security Agent, the Issuer Directors, 
the Administrator, the GIC Provider, the Interest Swap Counterparties, the Domiciliary Agent, the 
Rating Agencies and Auditors are, in general, subject to Belgian VAT provided that the services are 
located for VAT purposes in Belgium. However, fees paid in respect of the financial and administrative 
management of the Issuer and its assets including fees paid for the receipt and collection of payments 
on behalf of the Issuer as well as transactions with receivables, securities and liquid assets are exempt 
from Belgian VAT. 
Accounting Year 
The Issuer's accounting year ends on 31 December of each year.  
Litigation 
The Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period since its 
incorporation, which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer or its 
financial position or profitability. 
Financial Information concerning the Issuer 
Since the date of its incorporation, the Issuer has not commenced operations other than the Programme 
(including a first issuance of notes on 2 December 2009). 
Pursuant to Article 30 of the Articles of Association, the profit of the Issuer may (after constitution of 
the legal reserve) either be distributed as dividend or reserved for later distribution or for the cover of 
risk of default of payment of the SME Receivables. 
The Issuer has as such no borrowing or leverage limits. Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the 
Issuer may however only invest in receivables that are assigned to it by third parties as well as in 
temporary investments. The Issuer may not hold other assets than those necessary for the realisation of 
its corporate purpose.

--- Page 233 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
233 
Audited financial statements for the two most recent accounting years relate to year started on 1 January 
2020 and ended on 31 December 2020, on 1 January 2021 and ended on 31 December 2021. The Issuer's 
Auditor has confirmed that the annual accounts for such accounting years provide a true and fair view 
as of respectively 31 December 2019, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 in accordance with 
the accounting standards applicable in Belgium. The audited financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial 
years 
2020 
and 
2021 
are 
available 
at 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/securitization/securitization/esmee-master-issuer-n-v---s-a 
and are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see Documents incorporated by reference 
on page 239). Other information contained on such website does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.  
Significant events after balance sheet date 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since the 
date of its last published audited financial statements, except for the following significant events. 
Since the close of the Issuer's financial year on 31 December 2021, the world witnessed a sudden and 
sharp deterioration in geopolitical relations regarding Ukraine, followed by an invasion of Ukraine by 
Russia and economic sanctions imposed by governments from across around the world. The overall 
impact on financial markets and the business environment is significantly negative and the long-term 
consequences on the global economy, and more particularly on the European and Belgian economies, 
are still uncertain. The Issuer is (i) monitoring the situation closely and applies the sanctions against 
Russia imposed by governments worldwide and (ii) evaluating the impact of this expanding crisis on its 
customers.

--- Page 234 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
234 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
General information 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV ("BNPPF") is the Arranger, Dealer, Seller, Pool Servicer, Interest Swap 
Counterparty, GIC Provider, Domiciliary Agent and Reference Agent. See "Transaction parties" on 
page 10 for references to the relevant sections in this Base Prospectus for a description of each of those 
capacities. 
BNPPF a public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) under 
Belgian law. BNPPF is registered in the Register of Legal Entities of Brussels under the number 
0403.199.702. The Legal Entity Identifier of BNPPF is: KGCEPHLVVKVRZYO1T647. BNPPF was 
incorporated in Belgium on 5 December 1934. BNPPF has been established for an indefinite period.  
In Belgium, BNPPF is subject to supervision by the ECB, the prudential authority of the NBB and the 
market authority of the Belgian FSMA.  
As stated in article 3 of its articles of association, BNPPF's purpose is to undertake all and any business 
consistent with its status as a credit institution. It may also carry out any other operations or transactions 
that are directly or indirectly connected with its objects or conducive to their attainment. BNPPF may 
hold interests in partnerships and companies within the limits of the law relating to credit institutions. 
BNPPF's registered office is located at rue Montagne du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium where its 
headquarters are based (telephone number: +322 433 4131 (for French speakers)/+322 433 3134 (for 
Dutch speakers)).  
The websites of BNPPF are: www.bnpparibasfortis.be and www.bnpparibasfortis.com. The information 
on these websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by 
reference herein. 
The BNPPF 2021 Annual Report, the BNPPF 2020 Annual Report, the BNPPF 2021 Pillar 3 Disclosure 
and 
the 
BNPPF 
2020 
Pillar 
3 
Disclosure 
are 
available 
on 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/financial-reports. 
Business overview 
BNPPF offers a comprehensive package of financial services through its own channels and via other 
partners to private, professional and wealthy clients in the Belgian market, as well as in Luxembourg 
and Turkey. BNPPF also provides corporations and public and financial institutions with customised 
solutions, for which it can draw on BNPP's know-how and international network. In the insurance sector, 
BNPPF works closely with the Belgian market leader AG Insurance, in which it owns a 25 per cent. 
stake. BNPPF employs around 10,532 people (full-time equivalents) in Belgium. 
BNPPF has built up a strong presence in the retail and private banking market, operating through a 
variety of distribution channels. In Belgium the company delivers universal banking and insurance 
services and solutions to its retail customers. In other countries, the product offer is tailored to specific 
customer segments. Private Banking offers integrated and international asset and liability management 
solutions to high net worth individuals in Belgium, their businesses and their advisers. 
BNPPF also offers financial services to companies and institutional clients and provides integrated 
solutions to enterprise and entrepreneur. Corporate Banking fulfils the financial needs of corporate and 
midcap enterprises, public entities and local authorities through an integrated international network of 
business centres.

--- Page 235 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
235 
Within BNPPF, the self-employed, liberal professions and companies with a turnover of up to EUR 7.5 
million are served within Ondernemersbank/La Banque des Entrepreneurs. Companies with a turnover 
between EUR 7.5 million and EUR 250 million are served within Commercial Banking. BNPPF is a 
leading player within the Belgian entrepreneurial market. Within Ondernemersbank/La Banque des 
Entrepreneurs, it currently serves more than 430,000 professional customers and granted more than 5 
billion professional loans in 2021. 
BNPPF is part of the BNP Paribas group (the "BNP Paribas Group") (of which BNP Paribas SA 
("BNPP") is the parent company), a leading bank in Europe with an international reach. It operates in 
65 countries and has almost 190,000 employees, including nearly 145,000 in Europe. The BNP Paribas 
Group has key positions in its three main activities: Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (bringing 
together all of the BNP Paribas Group's retail activities and specialised business lines), Investment & 
Protection Services (including specialised businesses offering a wide range of savings, investment and 
protection services) and Corporate & Institutional Banking (offering tailored financial solutions for 
corporate and institutional clients). The BNP Paribas Group helps all its clients (individuals, community 
associations, entrepreneurs, small and medium enterprises ("SMEs"), corporates and institutional 
clients) to realise their projects through solutions spanning financing, investment, savings and protection 
insurance.  
In Europe, the BNP Paribas Group has four domestic markets (Belgium, France, Italy and Luxembourg) 
and BNP Paribas Personal Finance is the leader in consumer lending. BNPP is rolling out its integrated 
retail-banking model in Mediterranean countries, in Turkey and in Eastern Europe. Its retail and 
commercial banking activities in the United States conducted through its subsidiary Bank of the West, 
Inc. will be sold to BMO Financial Group in a transaction expected to close in the course of 2022. In its 
Corporate & Institutional Banking and Investment & Protection Services, BNPP also enjoys top 
positions in Europe, a strong presence in the Americas as well as a solid and fast-growing business in 
Asia-Pacific. 
At 31 December 2021, the BNP Paribas Group had consolidated assets of EUR 2,624.4 billion 
(compared to EUR 2,488.5 billion at 31 December 2020), consolidated loans and receivables due from 
customers of EUR 814 billion (compared to EUR 809.5 billion at 31 December 2020), consolidated 
items due to customers of EUR 957.7 billion (compared to EUR 941 billion at 31 December 2020) and 
shareholders' equity (the BNP Paribas Group share including income for 2021) of EUR 117.9 billion 
(compared to EUR 112.8 billion at 31 December 2020). Pre-tax net income for the year ended 31 
December 2021 was EUR 13.64 billion (compared to EUR 9.82 billion for the year ended 31 December 
2020). Net income, attributable to equity holders, for the year ended 31 December 2021 was EUR 9.49 
billion (compared to EUR 7.07 billion for the year ended 31 December 2020).

--- Page 236 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
236 
Organisational structure 
Simplified legal structure chart:

--- Page 237 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
237 
BNP Paribas SA has a stake of 99.94 per cent. in BNPPF. The remaining shares (0.06 per cent.) are held 
by the public. The SFPI/FPIM has a stake of 7.74 per cent. in BNPP's capital. BNPPF holds stakes in a 
range of subsidiaries (subsidiaries are those companies whose financial and operating policies BNPPF, 
directly or indirectly, has the power to govern so as to obtain benefits from its activities), the most 
important of which are: 
Name of subsidiary 
Country 
of 
incorporation 
or residence 
Proportion 
of 
ownership 
interest held and, if different, 
proportion of voting power 
held (directly and indirectly) 
Bpost Bank N.V./S.A. 
Belgium 
100% 
BGL BNP Paribas S.A. 
Luxembourg 
50 % + 1 share 
Turk Ekonomi Bankası A.S. ("TEB") (*) 
Turkey 
48.72% 
TEB Holdings A.S. (a joint venture with the 
Colacoglu Group which holds 55 % of TEB's 
share capital) (*) 
Turkey 
50 % 
Arval Service Lease S.A. 
France 
100 % 
AG Insurance 
Belgium 
25 % + 1 share 
BNP Paribas Bank Polska 
Poland 
24.07 % 
BNP Paribas Asset Management Holding 
France 
30.90 % 
(*) Participation via SPV BNP Paribas Fortis Yatirimlar Holding A.S. (99.99% owned by BNPPF)

--- Page 238 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
238 
STICHTING SECURITY AGENT ESMÉE 
Stichting Security Agent Esmée is a foundation (stichting) incorporated under the laws of the 
Netherlands on 13 November 2009. It has its registered office at Basisweg 10, 1032 AP Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands. 
Stichting Security Agent Esmée acts as Security Agent. The objects of the Security Agent are (a) to act 
as agent and/or Security Agent; (b) to acquire, keep and administer security rights in its own name, and 
if necessary to enforce such security rights, for the benefit of creditors of legal entities amongst which 
the Issuer (including the holders of notes to be issued by the Issuer) and to perform acts and legal acts, 
including the acceptance of a parallel debt obligation and guarantees from, the aforementioned entities, 
which are conducive to the holding of the abovementioned security rights (c) to borrow money and (d) 
to perform any and all acts which are related, incidental or which may be conducive to the above. 
The sole director of the Security Agent is Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V., having its statutory seat and 
registered office in Amsterdam at Basisweg 10, 1032 AP Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The directors of 
Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V are Marci Matilde Vermeulen - Atikian, Marcelo Abraham Delfos, Berend 
Gerrit Dinkla - Vente, Patricia Frances 't Hart - van Rooijen and Sebastianus Bernardus Louis Evers. 
Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. belongs to the same group of companies as Intertrust (Belgium) NV/SA, 
which provides director services to the Issuer and the Holding. 
For more information on the role and liabilities of the Security Agent, see Condition 15 and Security for 
the Issuer's obligations, on page 112.

--- Page 239 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
239 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus: 
• 
The Issuer's audited annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 including 
the notes thereto and the audit report prepared in connection therewith. 
• 
The Issuer's audited annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 including 
the notes thereto and the audit report prepared in connection therewith. 
See "Where more information can be found" on page 241 below for information on where copies of the 
documents containing the information incorporated by reference can be obtained. 
The documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may contain further references or 
hyperlinks to other documents or websites. Such further references or hyperlinks are not incorporated 
by reference and do not form part of this Base Prospectus, and have not been scrutinised or approved by 
the FSMA. In case there is only reference to certain parts of a document in the above mentioned 
documents, the non-incorporated parts, to the extent they are not explained elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus, are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 240 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
240 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
Obligation to publish a supplement 
Every significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is 
noted between the time when this Base Prospectus is approved and the time when trading on a regulated 
market begins, whichever occurs later, shall be mentioned in a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
without undue delay, in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus shall no longer apply after the expiry of the validity 
period of this Base Prospectus as specified on the front cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Where the supplement will be published 
Following approval by the FSMA, the supplement shall be published in accordance with at least the 
same arrangements as were applied when this Base Prospectus was published. See "Where more 
information can be found" on page 241 below for information on where copies of any supplements can 
be obtained.

--- Page 241 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
241 
WHERE MORE INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND 
The website of the Issuer 
The following documents and information can be obtained from the website 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/securitization/securitization/esmee-master-issuer-n-v---s-a  
1. 
This Base Prospectus. 
2. 
All documents containing information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as 
set out in "Documents incorporated by reference" on page 239 above. 
3. 
Any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time to time by the Issuer after 
approval by the FSMA, as set out in "Supplements to this Base Prospectus" on page 240 above 
(including any documents containing information that may be incorporated by reference into 
those supplements). 
4. 
The Final Terms for each Series and Tranche of Notes that is admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area. 
5. 
The up to date Articles of Association of the Issuer. 
6. 
Rating Reports. 
7. 
Quarterly Investor Reports. 
8. 
Monthly Investor Reports. 
Except for points (1.) to (4.), the documents listed above are not incorporated by reference and do not 
form part of this Base Prospectus, and have not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Any 
other 
information 
on 
or 
linked 
to 
by 
the 
website 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/securitization/securitization/esmee-master-issuer-n-v---s-a 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The Securitisation Repository 
As from the Programme and the Notes becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation, the Issuer will 
make available the following information to investors, potential investors and the relevant competent 
authorities by means of a securitisation repository in accordance with Article 7(1) of the Securitisation 
Regulation: 
(a) 
information on the underlying exposures on a quarterly basis, in accordance with Article 7(1)(a) 
of the Securitisation Regulation; 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplements and any Final Terms; 
(c) 
the Relevant Documents; 
(d) 
the Quarterly Investor Reports and the Monthly Investor Reports; and 
(e) 
any inside information relating to the Notes that the Originator or the Issuer is obliged to make 
public in accordance with Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council (29) on insider dealing and market manipulation.

--- Page 242 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
242 
The information in points (b) and (c) shall be made available before pricing at least in draft or initial 
form. The final documentation under points (b) and (c) shall be made available to investors at the latest 
15 days after closing of the transaction under this Base Prospectus (As from the Programme and the 
Notes becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation). 
The securitisation repository is expected to be European Data Warehouse, available at 
https://eurodw.eu/?lang=nl, or any other website that may be notified by the Issuer from time to time, 
provided that such replacement website conforms to the requirements set out in Article 7(2) of the 
Securitisation Regulation. Except for any potential overlap with "Documents incorporated by reference" 
referred to on page 239 above, any information on or linked to by the website https://eurodw.eu/?lang=nl 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The website of Euronext Brussels 
The information referred to in paragraphs 1 to 5 above (as applicable) will also be published on the 
website of Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com) in relation to Notes that are admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The information contained on the website of Euronext 
Brussels (www.euronext.com) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the FSMA. 
Copies of the Base Prospectus on a durable medium on request 
Any potential investor in Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area, can request a copy of the Base Prospectus on a durable medium (including an electronic copy by 
e-mail or a copy printed on paper) to be delivered free of charge to that potential investor. Delivery shall 
be limited to jurisdictions in which the offer of the Notes to the public is made or where admission to 
trading on a regulated market is taking place. Such requests can be made by e-mail to the Domiciliary 
Agent at docsecurities.mbc@bnpparibasfortis.com. 
Quarterly Investor Reports and Monthly Investor Reports 
The Administrator will prepare the Quarterly Investor Report to be addressed to the Security Agent, the 
Rating Agencies and the Domiciliary Agent on or about each Note Payment Date. 
In addition to the Quarterly Investor Report, the Monthly Investor Report will be sent by the 
Administrator to the Investors on the third Business Day following the Monthly Payment Date. 
The Investor Reports will be made available for inspection by the Administrator on the website 
https://www.intertrustgroup-fgreporting.com and will be made available upon request free of charge to 
any person at the office of the Domiciliary Agent. The information contained on such website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
In addition, the Administrator and the Auditor will assist the Issuer in the preparation of the annual 
reports to be published in order to inform the Noteholders. 
The Monthly Investor Reports will include, among other things, information on the SME Loans and 
payments in arrears, loan-to-value analysis in respect of the SME Loans and recent values on the 
portfolio, will be made available, from the date of this Base Prospectus as long as any Series and Class 
(or Sub-class) of Notes issued by the Issuer remain outstanding (including during the period while the 
prospectus is valid and the Notes are listed), and can be accessed via the following website: 
https://www.bnpparibasfortis.com/investors/securitization/securitization/esmee-master-issuer-n-v---s-a

--- Page 243 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
243 
The information provided in such reports will be updated monthly. The information contained on such 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
FSMA. 
All defined terms used in the Monthly Investor Reports have the meanings given to them in this Base 
Prospectus, unless otherwise defined in such Monthly Investor Report. 
Reporting under the Securitisation Regulation 
As from the Programme and the Notes becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation, the 
Administrator will procure the publication of a Quarterly Investor Report, which will include: 
(a) 
the information required by Article 7(1)(e) of the Securitisation Regulation; and 
(b) 
certain loan-by-loan information in relation to the SME Loans in respect of the relevant Note 
Collection Period prior to pricing of any Series of Notes upon request, to the extent required by 
and in accordance with Article 7(1)(a) of the Securitisation Regulation. 
As from the Programme and the Notes becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation, the 
Administrator will also procure: 
(a) 
the publication of any information required to be reported pursuant to Articles 7(1)(f) or 7(1)(g) 
(as applicable) of the Securitisation Regulation without delay;  
(b) 
data on static and dynamic historical default and loss performance, such as delinquency and 
default data, for substantially similar exposures to those being securitised, and the sources of 
those data and the basis for claiming similarity, to be made available to potential investors before 
pricing. Those data shall cover a period of at least five years; 
(c) 
that the information required by Article 7(1)(a) of the Securitisation Regulation is made 
available to potential investors before pricing upon request, and that the information required 
by Article 7(1)(b) to (d) is made available before pricing at least in draft or initial form; 
(d) 
a liability cash flow model which precisely represents the contractual relationship between the 
underlying SME Loans and the payments flowing between the originator, investors, other third 
parties and the Issuer to be made available before pricing to potential investors and, after pricing, 
make that model available to investors on an ongoing basis and to potential investors upon 
request, 
in each case by means of the securitisation repository mentioned above. 
Verification of data 
As from the Programme and the Notes becoming subject to the Securitisation Regulation, prior to the 
issuance of any Notes, the Seller may cause a sample of the SME Loans that will be sold to the Issuer 
to be subject to external verification by one or more appropriate and independent third parties (such as 
a review of a representative sample of SME Loans based on agreed upon procedures) for the purposes 
of Article 22(2) of the Securitisation Regulation, the details of which shall be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Liability cashflow model 
The Administrator will make available a liability cashflow model, either directly or indirectly through 
one or more entities which provide such liability cashflow models to investors generally, which precisely

--- Page 244 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
244 
represents the contractual relationship between the SME Loans and the payments flowing between the 
Seller, investors in the Notes, other third parties and the Issuer, (i) prior to pricing of the Notes, to 
potential investors and (ii) on an on-going basis, to Noteholders and to potential investors in the notes 
upon request. Such liability cashflow model will be available on Bloomberg. The information on 
Bloomberg is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer will publish the following post-issuance information: 
1. 
Quarterly Investment Reports 
2. 
Monthly Investment Reports 
Other information 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in the documents referred to above in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, 
if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 245 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
245 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer 
The Issuer is responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
The Dealers and the Arranger 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for 
the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the 
Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. 
The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or 
contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which they might otherwise have in respect of this Base 
Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers 
or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as Seller, Originator, Pool Servicer, Domiciliary Agent, Listing Agent, 
Reference Agent, the GIC Provider and the Interest Swap Counterparty 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as Seller, Pool Servicer, Domiciliary Agent, Listing Agent, Reference 
Agent, the GIC Provider and the Interest Swap Counterparty accepts responsibility solely for the 
following sections of this Base Prospectus: 
Section "SME Loan underwriting and servicing" on page 69 and following; 
Section "Overview of the Belgian SME Loan market" on page 78 and following; 
Section "BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV" on page 234 and following. 
To the best of its knowledge (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the 
information contained in these sections is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely 
to affect the import of such information. Any information in these sections and any other information 
from third parties identified as such in these sections has been accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Seller is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, does not omit any 
facts which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Seller accepts 
responsibility accordingly.

--- Page 246 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
246 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
Additional Pool ........................................... 188 
Additional Reserve Fund Amount ................. 82 
Administrator .............................................. 147 
Agreement of Sale and Assignment .............. 98 
AIFM Regulation ........................................ 117 
Alternative Clearing System ....................... 120 
Assignment Notification Event ................... 109 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ..... 55 
Bank Regulations ........................................ 135 
Base Prospectus ............................................... 1 
Basle Accord ............................................... 134 
Belgian ........................................................ 223 
Benchmark Regulation Requirement .......... 128 
Borrower ...................................................... 147 
BRRD ............................................................ 55 
Business Day ............................................... 147 
Capital Requirement Regulation ................. 117 
Class A Available Subordinated Amount.... 200 
Class A Noteholders .................................... 147 
Class A Notes .............................................. 147 
Class A Pass-through Notes ........................ 147 
Class A Pass-through Notes Principal Available 
Amount .............................................. 86, 147 
Class 
A 
Pass-through 
Notes 
Principal 
Redemption Amount ............................... 130 
Class A Principal Deficiency ........................ 91 
Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger ............ 91 
Class A Required Subordinated Amount .... 199 
Class A Required Subordinated Percentage 200 
Class B Available Subordinated Amount .... 200 
Class B Interest Deficiency Ledger ....... 91, 148 
Class B Noteholders .................................... 148 
Class B Notes .............................................. 148 
Class B Pass-through Notes ........................ 148 
Class B Pass-through Notes Principal Available 
Amount ...................................................... 87 
Class 
B 
Pass-through 
Notes 
Principal 
Redemption Amount ............................... 130 
Class B Pass-through Notes Redemption 
Available Amount ................................... 148 
Class B Principal Deficiency ......................... 91 
Class B Principal Deficiency Ledger ............ 91 
Class B Required Subordinated Amount ..... 200 
Class B Required Subordinated Percentage 200 
Class C Available Subordinated Amount .... 200 
Class C Interest Deficiency Ledger ....... 91, 148 
Class C Noteholders ................................... 148 
Class C Notes .............................................. 148 
Class C Pass-through Notes ........................ 148 
Class C Pass-through Notes Principal Available 
Amount ............................................. 87, 148 
Class 
C 
Pass-through 
Notes 
Principal 
Redemption Amount ............................... 131 
Class C Principal Deficiency ........................ 91 
Class C Principal Deficiency Ledger ............ 91 
Class C Required Subordinated Amount .... 200 
Class C Required Subordinated Percentage 200 
Class D Available Subordinated Amount ... 201 
Class D Interest Deficiency Ledger ...... 91, 149 
Class D Noteholders ................................... 149 
Class D Notes ............................................. 149 
Class D Pass-through Notes........................ 149 
Class D Pass-through Notes Available Amount
 ................................................................ 149 
Class D Pass-through Notes Principal Available 
Amount ..................................................... 87 
Class 
D 
Pass-through 
Notes 
Principal 
Redemption Amount ............................... 131 
Class D Principal Deficiency ........................ 91 
Class D Principal Deficiency Ledger............ 91 
Class D Required Subordinated Amount .... 201 
Class D Required Subordinated Percentage 201 
Class E Available Subordinated Amount ... 201 
Class E Interest Deficiency Ledger ...... 91, 149 
Class E Noteholders .................................... 149 
Class E Notes .............................................. 149 
Class E Required Subordinated Amount .... 201 
Class E Required Subordinated Percentage 201 
Class E Reserve Fund Deficiency ................. 92 
Class E Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger .... 92 
Class E Reserve Fund Shortfall .................... 93 
Class F Available Subordinated Amount.... 202 
Class F Interest Deficiency Ledger ....... 91, 149 
Class F Noteholders .................................... 149 
Class F Notes .............................................. 149 
Class F Required Subordinated Amount .... 201 
Class F Required Subordinated Percentage 201 
Class F Reserve Fund Deficiency ................. 93 
Class F Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger..... 92 
Class F Reserve Fund Deficiency Limit ....... 93 
Class F Reserve Fund Shortfall .................... 93 
Class G Interest Deficiency Ledger ...... 91, 149

--- Page 247 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
247 
Class G Noteholders .................................... 150 
Class G notes ............................................... 150 
Class G Reserve Fund Deficiency ................. 93 
Class G Reserve Fund Deficiency Ledger..... 92 
Class G Reserve Fund Deficiency Limit ....... 93 
Class G Reserve Fund Shortfall .................... 93 
Clearing System ...................................... 1, 120 
Collection Payment Date ............................... 80 
Consolidated Pool ....................................... 188 
CRR ............................................................. 117 
CRR Amendment Regulation ...................... 116 
Current Pool ................................................ 188 
Dealer .......................................................... 205 
Deferred Purchase Price Instalment ............ 101 
Domiciliary Agency Agreement ................. 150 
Eligibility Criteria ....................................... 107 
Eligible Holders ............................... 1, 120, 211 
Eligible Institution ....................................... 150 
Eligible Investments .................................... 150 
Enforcement Notice ..................................... 138 
EURIBOR ................................................... 126 
EURIBOR Interest Determination Date ...... 127 
Euronext Brussels ............................................ 1 
Excess Margin ............................................... 94 
Extraordinary Resolution ............................ 150 
Final Maturity Date ..................................... 150 
Final Terms ............................................. 1, 150 
FinSA .......................................................... 210 
Fitch ............................................................. 150 
Fixed Interest Amount ................................. 125 
Fixed Rate Interest Period ........................... 124 
Fixed Rate Notes ......................................... 150 
Floating Interest Amount............................. 128 
Floating Rate Interest Period ....................... 126 
Floating Rate Notes ..................................... 150 
Floating Rate of Interest .............................. 128 
FSMA ...................................................... 1, 150 
GIC Agreement ........................................... 150 
GIC Provider ............................................... 150 
GIC Provider Rating Downgrade Event ...... 150 
GIC Provider Required Rating .................... 151 
Holding ........................................................ 151 
Holding Directors ........................................ 224 
Initial Cut-off Date ........................................ 80 
Initial Dealer ................................................ 205 
Initial Purchase Price ................................... 101 
Institutional Investors .................................. 211 
Interest Available Amount ............................ 83 
Interest Commencement Date ..................... 124 
Interest Deficiency ................................ 91, 151 
Interest Deficiency Ledger ........................... 91 
Interest Period ............................................... 83 
Interest Priority of Payments ........................ 84 
Interest Swap Agreement .............................. 94 
Interest Swap Counterparty ........................ 151 
Interest Swap Counterparty Default Payment
 .................................................................. 84 
Interest Swap Counterparty Rating Downgrade 
Event ....................................................... 151 
Interest Swap Counterparty Required Rating
 ................................................................ 151 
Investment Credit.......................................... 65 
Issuance Tests ............................................. 199 
Issue Date ................................................... 151 
Issuer ....................................................... 1, 151 
Issuer Collection Account ........................... 151 
Issuer Directors ........................................... 225 
Issuer Management Agreements ................. 232 
Issuer Rights ................................................. 17 
Listing Agent .............................................. 152 
Loan Loss Reserve ........................................ 82 
Master Definitions Schedule ....................... 152 
Monthly Collection Period ........................... 80 
Moody's ...................................................... 152 
Mortgage Collection Period ........................ 152 
National Resolution Authority ...................... 55 
Net Proceeds ......................................... 84, 152 
New SME Receivables ................................. 98 
Note Calculation Date........................... 83, 152 
Note Collection Period ......................... 84, 152 
Note Payment Date ............................... 18, 126 
Noteholders ................................................. 152 
Notes Purchase Agreement ......................... 152 
NRAs ............................................................ 55 
Optional Redemption in case of Change of Law
 ................................................................ 135 
ost Foreclosure Proceeds ............................ 153 
Outstanding Principal Amount ............. 15, 107 
Parallel Debt ....................................... 113, 152 
Parallel Debt Agreement ............................. 152 
Pass-through Notes ..................................... 152 
Pass-through Payable Amount .............. 87, 152 
Pass-through Percentage ....................... 88, 153 
Pass-through Principal Available Amount ... 86 
Pass-through Principal Available Amounts 153 
Pledge Agreement ............................... 114, 153 
Pledge Notification Events ......................... 114 
Pool Servicer ............................................... 153 
Portfolio Review Event................................. 79 
Post Foreclosure Proceeds ............................ 84

--- Page 248 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
248 
Prepayment .................................................... 50 
Prepayment Penalty ....................................... 50 
Principal Amount Outstanding .................... 153 
Principal Available Amount .......................... 85 
Principal Available Amounts ...................... 153 
Principal Deficiency .............................. 91, 154 
Principal Period ..................................... 86, 154 
Principal Priority of Payments ...................... 86 
Principal Priority of Payments after a Trigger 
Event .......................................................... 89 
Principal Priority of Payments prior to a Trigger 
Event .......................................................... 88 
Principal Redemption Amount ............ 131, 154 
Principal Shortfall ....................................... 154 
Principal Shortfall ......................................... 92 
Priority of Payments .................................... 154 
Priority of Payments upon Enforcement ....... 89 
Programme .............................................. 1, 154 
Programme Agreement................................ 154 
Programme Closing Date ................................ 6 
Programme Resolution ................................ 143 
Pro-rata Condition ................................. 88, 154 
Prospectus Regulation ..................................... 1 
Provisional Pool .......................................... 188 
Purchase Available Amount .......................... 98 
Purchase Date .............................................. 154 
Qualifying Investors .................................... 120 
Rating Agencies .......................................... 155 
Ratings Confirmation .................................... 54 
Realised Losses ............................................. 92 
REC ............................................................... 73 
Reference Agent .......................................... 155 
Reference Banks .......................................... 155 
Regulatory Call Option ............................... 155 
Regulatory Change ...................................... 135 
Relevant Class ............................................. 138 
Relevant Documents.................................... 155 
Relevant SME Loan .................................... 101 
Relevant SME Receivables ......................... 101 
Repayment Test .......................................... 155 
Reserve Account Repayment Debit .............. 82 
Reserve Account Target Level ..................... 82 
Reserve Fund Deficiency ...................... 93, 157 
Reserve Fund Notes .................................... 157 
Reserve Fund Shortfall ......................... 93, 157 
RSU .............................................................. 73 
Salary Protection Act .................................... 48 
SC ................................................................. 73 
Secured Parties ........................................... 157 
Securitisation Regulation ........................ 1, 116 
Security Agent ............................................ 158 
Security Agent Agreement ......................... 158 
Seller ........................................................... 158 
Seller Collection Account Provider ...... 80, 158 
Seller Collection Account Provider Rating 
Downgrade Event ................................... 158 
Seller Collection Account Provider Required 
Rating ...................................................... 158 
Seller Collection Account Providers............. 80 
Seller Collection Account(s) ......................... 80 
Servicer Termination Event ........................ 111 
Servicing Agreement .................................. 158 
SME Financing Law ..................................... 50 
SME Loan ................................................... 158 
SME Loan Amendment .............................. 107 
SME Receivable ......................................... 158 
SME Receivables Purchase Agreement ...... 158 
Social and Fiscal Insalment Credit ............... 67 
Soft-bullet Notes ......................................... 158 
Stabilising Manager .................................... 221 
Step-up Date ............................................... 159 
TARGET System ........................................ 147 
Trigger Event ........................................ 89, 159 
UCITS Act .......................................... 120, 211 
X-Account .......................................... 120, 211 
 
[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

--- Page 249 ---
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA (Institutional VBS) – Base Prospectus (2022 Update) 
249 
 
ISSUER 
Esmée Master Issuer NV/SA 
(Institutionele VBS naar Belgisch recht/SIC institutionnelle de droit belge) 
Marnixlaan 23, 5th floor 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
SELLER, ORIGINATOR, POOL SERVICER, INTEREST SWAP COUNTERPARTY, GIC 
PROVIDER, REFERENCE AGENT, DOMICILIARY AGENT AND LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Rue Montagne du Parc 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
ADMINISTRATOR 
Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. 
Basisweg 10 
1043 AP Amsterdam 
the Netherlands 
 
SECURITY AGENT 
Stichting Security Agent Esmée 
Basisweg 10 
1043 AP Amsterdam 
the Netherlands 
 
STATUTORY AUDITOR 
to the Issuer 
PwC Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Culliganlaan 5 
1831 Machelen 
Belgium 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Rue Montagne du Parc 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
to the Arranger as to Belgian law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Wetenschapsstraat 23 
1040 Brussels 
Belgium