--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2024 
 
 
(a société anonyme incorporated in France) 
 
€12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this document (the “Base 
Prospectus”), EssilorLuxottica (“EssilorLuxottica” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies) and may be denominated in certain currencies. The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances which require the publication of a Base Prospectus 
under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) (given that any exemption 
regime, as set out in the Prospectus Regulation, could apply in contemplation of the relevant issue) will be at least 
€100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”), in its capacity as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation.  
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of either the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2023 and shall be in force for 
a period of twelve (12) months until 22 April 2025. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus will 
be no longer valid. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval of 
this Base Prospectus by the AMF for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the EEA for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. 
Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission and 
situated in a Member State of the EEA (a “Regulated Market”).  
However, Notes that are not listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may also be issued pursuant to 
the Programme.  
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any 
Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated 
Market in the EEA where the Notes will be listed and admitted to trading and will be published, if relevant, on the 
website of the Regulated Market where the admission to trading is sought.  
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form 
(“Materialised Notes”), as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (a) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the 
issue date in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit 
the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title 
and Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (b) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which 
case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final 
Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be

--- Page 2 ---
inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders.  
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised 
Notes. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global 
certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be 
issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged 
for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest and talons attached on 
or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to 
postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes”) 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) intended to be cleared through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than 
or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Programme has been rated A by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and A2 by Moody's Italia S.r.l. 
(“Moody's”). The Issuer’s long-term debt is currently rated A2 (stable outlook) by Moody's and A (stable outlook) 
by S&P. Each of Moody's and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). As such, each of Moody's and S&P 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority's 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated or 
expected to be rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant 
Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on the 
then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Copies of this Base Prospectus, any document containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes that are listed and 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be available for viewing on the website of the AMF 
(https://www.amf-france.org), on the Issuer's website (https://www.essilorluxottica.com/fr/financement#sources-de-
financement-actuelles)and may be obtained, during normal business hours at the specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent and each of the Paying Agents (as defined herein). 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
“Risk Factors” prior to purchasing any Notes. 
Arranger 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS  
BofA Securities  
Citigroup  
Crédit Agricole CIB  
CIC Market Solutions 
Deutsche Bank  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC  
ING 
J.P. Morgan  
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo  
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley  
MUFG 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale 
UniCredit 
Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 3 ---
A53905613 
4 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a 
whole (the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the 
Notes, contains the necessary information which is material to investors for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the 
Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) 
and, each of which shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any 
Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in the “General 
Description of the Programme”) nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies). 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer or of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and none of this 
Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Notes in the EEA, the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, Japan, France, Hong-Kong, People’s 
Republic of China, Singapore and Switzerland. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and 
sales of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 
of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 3 August 
2023 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor” as defined in MiFID II) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such

--- Page 4 ---
A53905613 
5 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a 
manufacturer under MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
A53905613 
6 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay 
taxes or other charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In 
particular, potential investors are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France 
(the Issuer’s country of incorporation) might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation 
with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in 
a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any 
such tax is still uncertain as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed 
text or any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes would be subject to higher costs, and the 
liquidity of the market for the Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised 
to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the 
Notes is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and conditions, complies and is fully 
consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper 
and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in 
or holding the Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex 
financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes 
which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio. 
In considering whether to invest in Notes denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”), investors should 
consult their individual tax advisers with regard to the application of People’s Republic of China 
(“PRC”) tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws 
of any other tax jurisdictions. 
In relation to green, social or sustainability Notes, neither the Arranger nor any Dealer makes any 
representation as to the suitability of such Notes to fulfil green, social or sustainability criteria 
required by prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers and/or any of their respective 
affiliates (including parent companies) have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment 
of the eligibility criteria for eligible green projects, eligible social projects or eligible sustainability

--- Page 6 ---
A53905613 
7 
projects, any verification of whether such Notes meet the eligibility criteria, the monitoring of the use 
of proceeds of any Notes or the allocation of the proceeds (or amounts equal or equivalent thereto) 
by the Issuer to particular eligible green projects, eligible social projects or eligible sustainability 
projects. Each prospective investor of the Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of 
proceeds and its purchase of the Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. Investors should refer to the Issuer's website, the Issuer’s relevant framework to be 
published on the Issuer’s website on or before the issue of any green, social or sustainability Notes, 
the second-party opinion, if any, and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the application of the proceeds of any issue of green, social or sustainability Notes for further 
information. Any such framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting will not form 
part of, nor be incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus and no assurance or 
representation is given by any of the Dealers or the Arranger or by any of their respective affiliates 
(including parent companies) as to the content, suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) on the Issuer’s 
relevant framework, of such framework to be published on the Issuer’s website on or before the 
issue of any green, social or sustainability Notes, of public reporting, if any, or on any green, social 
or sustainability Notes. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger or by any of their respective affiliates 
(including parent companies), to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and would only be current as of the 
date it is released. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. In addition, payments of principal and interest (as 
the case may be) on green, social or sustainability Notes shall not depend on the performance of the 
relevant Eligible Projects (as defined in the “Reasons for the offer” paragraph in the relevant Final 
Terms), nor on the achievement of any green, social or sustainable objectives. None of the Arranger 
or the Dealers nor by any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) will verify or 
monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the Notes issued under the Programme. Moreover, if the 
green, social or sustainability Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a specific segment of any 
stock exchange for green, social or sustainability Notes, or included in an index or indices, neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer nor by any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
makes any representation as to the satisfaction of such Notes to fulfil the criteria of such specific 
segments, index or indices, and, if the notes were listed or admitted to trading, that any such listing 
or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index or indices, will be maintained during the life of the 
Notes. 
A rating assigned to the Notes by any rating agency is based on the Issuer’s financial situation, but 
takes into account other relevant structural features of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms 
of the Notes, and reflects only the views of the rating agency. The rating may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The rating addresses the likelihood of full and 
timely payment to the Noteholders of all payments of interest on each interest payment date and 
repayment of principal on the final payment date. There is no assurance that any such rating will 
continue for any period of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn 
entirely by the rating agency as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the 
rating agency’s judgement, circumstances so warrant. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating are 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
makes any representation as to the Inflation Indices (as defined herein). Any of such persons may 
have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may acquire, non-public information with respect to

--- Page 7 ---
A53905613 
8 
the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in the context of Inflation Linked Notes. The issue of 
Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any such persons to disclose to the 
Noteholders or any other party such information (whether or not confidential). 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective 
investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction 
in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, 
regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.  
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger 
nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) makes any representation, express 
or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the sincerity, accuracy or completeness of 
any of the information or representations in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for any acts or 
omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the Base Prospectus. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or their respective affiliates 
(including parent companies) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information 
incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the 
Dealers or the Arranger has reviewed or undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of 
any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
“€”, “Euro”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the 
European Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to “£”, “pound sterling”, 
“GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” and 
“US dollar” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to “¥”, “JPY”, 
“Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to “CHF”, “Swiss 
franc” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland, references to “CAD” or ‘Canadian dollar” are to the 
lawful currency of Canada and references to “Renminbi” or “RMB” are to the currency of the 
People's Republic of China (“PRC”) excluding for these purposes, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.

--- Page 8 ---
A53905613 
9 
Table of Contents 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................... 20 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 32 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................... 39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 40 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES ........................................................................................................................................... 121 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................... 123 
DESCRIPTION OF ESSILORLUXOTTICA .................................................................................... 125 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................................... 126 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................. 133 
GENERAL INFORMATION............................................................................................................. 153 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..... 157

--- Page 9 ---
A53905613 
10 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Issuer:  
EssilorLuxottica (“EssilorLuxottica”) 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of 
the Issuer: 
549300M3VH1A3ER1TB49 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.essilorluxottica.com 
The information on such website does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus, except where that 
information has been incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. 
Description:  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the 
continuous offer of Notes (the “Programme”). 
Arranger:  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Dealers:  
Banco Santander, S.A. 
BNP Paribas  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.  
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or 
appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or 
more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed 
above as Dealers and to such additional persons 
that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole 
Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent

--- Page 10 ---
A53905613 
11 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
which may be outstanding under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
BNP Paribas.  
Method of Issue: 
 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series 
(each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates 
and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other 
than in respect of the first payment of interest), the 
Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in the 
final terms to this Base Prospectus (the “Final 
Terms”). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, any maturity from seven 
calendar days from the date of original issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, Notes may be issued in 
Euro, US dollar, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, 
Sterling, CAD, RMB and in any other currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers 
and specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in a Member State (a “Regulated Market”) of the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will

--- Page 11 ---
A53905613 
12 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the “FSMA”), unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors 
and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one 
denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative 
Receipts and Coupons will constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari 
passu 
and 
without 
any 
preference 
among 
themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are 
from time to time mandatory under French law) 
equally and rateably with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated financial obligations 
of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the 
Notes as set out in Condition 4. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge”. 
Events of Default: 
(including cross default) 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in 
respect of the Notes as set out in Condition 9. See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of 
Default”. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable. Unless 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) 
having a maturity of less than one year from the 
date of issue and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United 
Kingdom 
or 
whose 
issue 
otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA, must have a minimum redemption amount of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of 
Notes will state whether such Notes may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option 
of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders and, if so, the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of 
Notes that are redeemable in two or more 
instalments will set out the dates on which, and the

--- Page 12 ---
A53905613 
13 
amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above 
and in “Acquisition Event Call Option”, “Residual 
Call Option”, “Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer” and “Clean-up Call Option” below, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons.  
Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders following a Change 
of Control: 
 
 
 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, following the occurrence of a 
Change of Control, the Noteholders will be entitled 
to request the Issuer to redeem the Notes, or, at the 
Issuer’s option, procure the purchase of their Notes. 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Acquisition Event Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if an 
Acquisition Event occurs, the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes, in whole or in part or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in whole only. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Acquisition Event Call 
Option”. 
Residual Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect 
of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option 
to redeem, at any time as from the Call Option Date 
which shall be no earlier than 180 calendar days 
before the Maturity Date, until the Maturity Date, the 
Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect 
of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option 
to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time 
or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date at 
their Optional Redemption Amount. The Optional 
Redemption Amount will be an amount in Euro being 
the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum 
of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on 
such Notes until their Maturity Date (not including 
any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted 
to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an 
annual basis using the Day Count Fraction (as per 
Condition 5 and as further specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) at the Redemption Rate (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) plus a Redemption Margin 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in 
each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on

--- Page 13 ---
A53905613 
14 
the 
Notes 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
the 
Optional 
Redemption Date. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if at 
least 75 per cent. of the initial aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes of the same Series have been 
redeemed or purchased and, in each case, 
cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the 
Notes in whole but not in part at their Clean-Up 
Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms).  
Taxation in respect of the Notes: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of 
France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. 
 
If such a withholding or deduction is required, the 
Issuer will have to gross-up its payments to the 
fullest extent then permitted by law and subject to 
certain exceptions.  
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and 
the applicable interest rate or its method of 
calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. Notes may have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or 
both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the 
Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same 
interest period. All such information will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or 
dates in each year specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined 
separately for each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under 
a notional interest rate swap transaction in 
the relevant Specified Currency pursuant to 
the 2007 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
Transactions 
on 
Forward 
Financial 
Instruments, published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française as supplemented by the 
relevant Technical Schedules; or 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under 
a notional interest rate swap transaction in

--- Page 14 ---
A53905613 
15 
the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
 
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, CMS Rate, 
€STR, SOFR Benchmark or SONIA (or such 
other benchmark as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), in each case as 
adjusted for any applicable margin. 
In no event shall the applicable rate of interest 
(including, for the sake of clarity, any applicable 
margin) be less than zero. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
In the event where the benchmark used to calculate 
the interest payable is discontinued, the Conditions 
of the Notes provide a methodology to determine the 
successor or alternative rates. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a 
rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert, upon 
giving not less than 15 calendar days’ prior notice in 
accordance with Condition 15, on the date set out in 
the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) 
that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal 
amount or at a discount to it and will not bear 
interest. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer 
where the interest and/or the principal in respect of 
such Notes will be calculated by reference to an 
inflation index ratio derived from either: 
(i) 
the 
consumer 
price 
index 
(excluding 
tobacco) for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly 
by the Institut National de la Statistique et 
des Etudes Economiques; or 
(ii) 
the harmonised index of consumer prices 
excluding tobacco, or the relevant substitute 
index, measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European 
Monetary 
Union 
excluding 
tobacco as calculated and published monthly 
by Eurostat. 
Redenomination:  
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of 
the EU which will participate in the single currency of

--- Page 15 ---
A53905613 
16 
the European Economic and Monetary Union may 
be redenominated into Euro, all as more fully 
provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Form, 
Denomination(s), 
Title 
and 
Redenomination”.  
Consolidation:  
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes 
of another Series as more fully provided in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues and 
Consolidation”.  
Form of Notes:  
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form 
(“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form 
(“Materialised Notes”).  
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the 
Issuer be issued in bearer form (au porteur) or in 
registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in 
either au nominatif pur or au nominatif administré 
form. 
 
No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes. See “Terms and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes 
- 
Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether 
Dematerialised Notes are to be issued in bearer 
form only or in registered (including both nominatif 
pur and nominatif administré) form only. 
 
Materialised 
Notes 
will 
be 
in 
bearer 
form 
(“Materialised Bearer Notes”) only. A Temporary 
Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of 
each 
Tranche 
of 
Materialised 
Bearer 
Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside 
France. 
Governing Law:  
French law. 
Central Depositary: 
Euroclear France in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes. 
Clearing Systems:  
Clearstream, Euroclear or any other clearing system 
(provided proper clearing and settlement procedures 
have previously been put in place) that may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes:  
One Paris business day before the issue date of 
each Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre 
Comptable or the application form, as the case may 
be, relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with 
Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of

--- Page 16 ---
A53905613 
17 
Notes:  
Materialised Bearer Notes, the Temporary Global 
Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall 
be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other 
clearing system or may be delivered outside any 
clearing system provided that the method of such 
delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. The 
Issue Price of the Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading:  
Euronext Paris or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. A Series of Notes may or may 
not be listed and admitted to trading. 
Method of Publication of this 
Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms related to the Notes 
listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market in the EEA will be published on the websites 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.essilorluxottica.com/fr/financement#sou
rces-de-financement-actuelles) and of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). The Final Terms will indicate 
where the Base Prospectus may be obtained.  
Representation of the 
Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of 
their common interests in a masse (in each case, 
the “Masse”) which will be governed by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce, with 
the exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, L.228-
65 I, 1°, 3° (only to the extent that merge or 
demerge proposal relates to a merger or demerger 
with another entity of the Group), 4° and 6° and the 
second sentence of Article L.228-65 II of the Code 
de commerce and subject to the provisions set out 
in the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
The Masse will act in part through a representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders. The names and 
addresses of the Representative will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of the Notes will be the 
representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in 
such Series.

--- Page 17 ---
A53905613 
18 
Selling Restrictions:  
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the 
distribution 
of 
offering 
material 
in 
various 
jurisdictions. See “Subscription and Sale”.  
 
The Notes to be issued qualify under Category 2 for 
the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act.  
 
Materialised Notes will be issued (i) in compliance 
with US Treasury Regulations section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially 
the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (the “D Rules”) 
unless the relevant Final Terms states that such 
Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with US 
Treasury Regulations section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form 
that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of 
the Code) (the “C Rules”), or (ii) other than in 
compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstance will be referred 
to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to 
which TEFRA is not applicable. 
 
The 
TEFRA 
rules 
do 
not 
apply 
to 
any 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated A by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and A2 by Moody's 
Italia S.r.l. (“Moody’s”). The Issuer’s long-term debt 
is currently rated A2 (stable outlook) by Moody’s and 
A (stable outlook) by S&P. Each of Moody’s and 
S&P is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). As such, each of Moody’s and S&P is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Notes 
to 
be 
issued 
under 
the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating, if 
any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where an issue of Notes is rated or expected to be 
rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant Final

--- Page 18 ---
A53905613 
19 
Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings 
are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.

--- Page 19 ---
A53905613 
20 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes issued under the Programme. The risk factors may relate to the Issuer or to any of its 
subsidiaries. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the 
Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are 
exhaustive. The risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer faces.  
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer or that are currently believed to 
be immaterial could also have a material impact on its business operations. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and in any 
documents incorporated by reference and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. In particular, investors should make their own assessment as to the risks associated with 
the Notes prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme. 
Words and expressions defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same 
meanings in this section.  
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activity are described on pages 55 to 75 of the 2023 
Universal Registration Document, as defined and further described in the section “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” in this Base Prospectus and include the following:  
• 
strategic risks; 
• 
financial risks; 
• 
operational risks; and 
• 
compliance risks. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following paragraphs describe some risk factors that the Issuer believes are material to the 
Notes to be offered and/or listed and admitted to trading in order to assess the market risk 
associated with these Notes. They do not describe all the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated 
with investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of 
their particular circumstances. 
1 
Risks Factors relating to all Series of Notes  
French Insolvency Law  
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer 
becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of 
France to the extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under 
Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.

--- Page 20 ---
A53905613 
21 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning 
restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) No. 2017/1132 has 
been transposed into French law by Ordonnance n°2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such 
Ordonnance amended French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes 
which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. 
Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights 
that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no 
longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will 
no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the 
Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) 
and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse 
effect on the market value of Notes. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected 
parties could materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of 
their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the 
Issuer. 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) unsecured obligations of the Issuer. However, an investment in the Notes 
involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the credit worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates and 
notwithstanding Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which 
enable the Noteholders to request through the Representative of the Masse the redemption of the 
Notes, the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes. As 
result the situation of Noteholders could be materially and negatively impaired and Noteholders 
may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Modification and Waivers  
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains 
provisions for calling General Meetings of Noteholders or consulting them by way of Consultation 
in Writing to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not participate in the relevant 
General Meeting or Consultation in Writing and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. General Meetings or Consultations in Writing may deliberate on any proposal relating to 
the modification of the conditions of the Notes subject to the limitation provided by French law. If a 
modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes is adopted by a majority of holders of Notes 
and such modification were to impair or limit their rights, this may have a negative impact on the 
market value of the Notes and hence Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the 
Notes. 
Furthermore, in accordance with Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, Article L.228-65 I 1°, 3° (only to the extent that merge or demerge 
proposal relates to a merger or demerger with another entity of the Group), 4° and 6° of the French 
Code de commerce is excluded. As a consequence, no General Meeting shall be held nor a 
Consultation in Writing shall be submitted and no early redemption of any Note by the Issuer shall

--- Page 21 ---
A53905613 
22 
be requested by the Noteholders in respect of such modifications. A change of the Issuer’s 
corporate purposes or form, an issue of bonds benefiting from a security interest (sûreté réelle) or 
any proposal to transfer the registered office of a societas europaea to another Member State of 
the European Union may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and Noteholders may not be 
able to sell their Notes on the market. 
2 
Risk Factors relating to the Structure and Features of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of 
Notes may carry varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such 
Notes such as, inter alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, 
redemption and issue price. 
2.1 
Risk Factors relating to the Interest payable on the Notes 
Floating Rate Notes  
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes contemplated in Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Fixed Rate 
Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they 
purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments 
having longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent 
interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. 
That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest 
rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the 
market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate 
comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from 
such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but 
there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate 
(e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, 
particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate 
can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the 
relevant reference rate. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or a significant part of their 
investments in the Notes and therefore their interests may be significantly negatively altered. 
Fixed Rate Notes  
As contemplated in Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes 
in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 
Noteholders may lose part of their investment in the Notes and therefore their interests may be 
significantly and negatively altered.

--- Page 22 ---
A53905613 
23 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
As contemplated by Condition 5(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert 
on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The conversion (whether it be automatic or optional) of the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes, after the conversion of the interest rate, may 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a Fixed Rate is converted to a Floating Rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. In case of a conversion from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and 
“Floating Rate Notes”. 
Zero Coupon Notes  
As contemplated by Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market interest rates have a substantially 
stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because 
the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero 
Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit 
rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a 
particularly high price risk and Noteholders may, as a result, lose part of their investment in the 
Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes. Inflation 
Linked Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined interest payments and/or 
in respect of which the principal is indexed. Interest amounts and/or principal will be dependent 
upon the performance of either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households 
in metropolitan France (the “CPI”), as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de 
la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”), or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer 
prices excluding tobacco, or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat 
(the “HICP”) (each, an “Inflation Index” and together, the “Inflation Indices”). If the value of the 
relevant index calculated at any time prior to the Maturity Date is lower than the value of the 
relevant index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, 
then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may 
vary. Noteholders may receive no interest. However, if the nominal amount to be repaid at maturity 
is below par, the Inflation Linked Notes will be redeemed at par.  
The above-factors could materially and adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and investors 
could lose part of their investment. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks”  
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) and where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate 
Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) or other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”

--- Page 23 ---
A53905613 
24 
(except in respect of €STR, SOFR and SONIA (as defined below)), investors should be aware that 
EURIBOR or other indices are the subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than 
in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return 
on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) is applicable since 1 January 
2018 and applies to the provision of “benchmarks” in the EU, the contribution of input data to a 
“benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. The Benchmarks Regulation could have 
a material adverse impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in 
particular if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could (i) increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements, (ii) discourage market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (iii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain “benchmarks” or (iv) lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other 
proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined (except in respect of €STR, SOFR and SONIA), 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) provides that if the Original Reference Rate is 
discontinued, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread) 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(a) (Definitions)).The use 
of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread) 
to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the 
Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current 
form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined 
by the Independent Adviser and the Independent Adviser determines that amendments to the 
Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions of the Notes, as necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, then the Issuer may 
vary these Conditions to give effect to such amendments without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Noteholders. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not 
be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, as the case may be, an 
Adjustment Spread) in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Where it is the case before the next Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next 
succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark

--- Page 24 ---
A53905613 
25 
Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate 
of Interest. Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to 
result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to 
continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life-time 
of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will 
continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed 
Rate Notes. Noteholders may, in such circumstances, be materially affected and receive a lower 
interest as they would have expected if an Independent Adviser had been determined or if such 
Independent Adviser did not fail to determine such Successor or Alternative Rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) allows the Notes referencing risk-free rates to be issued. The market continues to 
develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rates ("SOFR") and the Daily Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”), as 
reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, as applicable, and 
their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. 
Such risk-free rates have a limited performance history, and the future performance of such risk-
free rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence, no future performance of the relevant risk-
free rate or Notes referencing such risk-free rate may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or 
actual historical performance data. In addition, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may 
behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates. For example, 
since publication of SOFR began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate or an arithmetic average of the 
risk-free rate, using the relevant specific formula set out in the Conditions of the Notes. In addition, 
market conventions for calculating the interest rate for notes referencing risk-free rates continue to 
develop and market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference 
rates based on risk-free rates. Accordingly, the specific formula for calculating the rate used in the 
Notes issued under the Base Prospectus may not be widely adopted by other market participants, 
if at all.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that materially differ in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free rates 
issued by it. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that could adversely affect the 
market value of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other 
sources and the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or 
publications. There is a risk that the relevant risk-free rate (or the Compounded SOFR Index or 
SONIA Compounded Index) will be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is

--- Page 25 ---
A53905613 
26 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference a such risk-
free rate (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Conditions of the 
Notes will provide a rate which is not economically equivalent for Noteholders). If the manner in 
which the relevant risk-free rate is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of 
the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes that 
reference a risk-free rate issued under the Base Prospectus.  
Any mismatch between the adoption of such risk-free rates in the bond, loan and derivatives 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
2.2 
Risk Factors relating to the redemption of the Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
The Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under a 
Residual Call Option as provided in Condition 6(c) (Residual Call Option) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, a Make-Whole Redemption as provided in Condition 6(d) (Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Clean-up Call Option as 
provided in Condition 6(e) (Clean-up Call Option) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Call 
Option as provided in Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial 
Redemption) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, following the occurrence of an Acquisition 
Event as provided in Condition 6(g) (Redemption on Acquisition Event) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or due to tax reasons as provided in Condition 6(k) (Redemption for 
Taxation reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In particular, in case of a Clean-Up Call Option there is no obligation for the Issuer to inform 
investors if and when the percentage of 75 per cent. has been reached or is about to be reached, 
and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a 
notice in respect of the exercise of this option, the Notes may have been traded significantly above 
par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.  
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify that 
the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer’s option, the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at 
times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low.  
If (i) an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) the Issuer 
publicly announces that the consummation of the acquisition of the Targeted Company (as defined 
in the relevant Final Terms) is not pursued or the completion of the acquisition has not occurred on 
or prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole or in part or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole only, at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued on the Notes as provided in Condition 6(g) 
(Redemption on Acquisition Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may 
feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. As a 
consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected. Furthermore, an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an 
effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes.  
Furthermore, in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in 
respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or

--- Page 26 ---
A53905613 
27 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by the country of domicile (or residence for tax purposes) by the 
Issuer, or on behalf of France, or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Conditions 
6(k) (Redemption for Taxation reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in 
subscribing the Notes and could have significant impact on the Noteholders and part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the 
total amount of the capital invested. However, the redeemed face amount of the Notes may not be 
below par. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early 
redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than such redeemed Notes. 
Change of Control, Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer and Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer 
Exercise of Change of Control Put Option as provided in Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption of the 
Notes at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer as provided in Condition 6(d) (Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer as provided in Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer and Partial 
Redemption) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in respect of certain Notes may affect the 
liquidity and value of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Change of Control 
Put Option, the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer or the Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer provided, if any, in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of 
those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and Noteholders 
may lose part of their investments. 
2.3 
Risk Factors relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes  
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are 
denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”). RMB Notes contain particular risks for potential 
investors. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the ‘‘PRC 
Government’’) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, 
including the U.S. dollar, despite the significant reduction over the years by the PRC government 
of its control over routine foreign exchange transactions under current accounts. This may affect 
the liquidity of the RMB Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi out of the PRC to service 
RMB Notes. 
Remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, such 
as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investments, is generally only permitted upon 
obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the 
PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items 
are adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International 
Monetary Fund in 2016, and the People’s Bank of China (“PBoC”) and the Ministry of Commerce 
of the People’s Republic of China have implemented policies for further improving accessibility to

--- Page 27 ---
A53905613 
28 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies, there is a risk that the PRC 
Government will not continue to gradually liberalise the control over cross-border remittance of 
Renminbi in the future, that any pilot schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will be 
discontinued or that new PRC regulations will be promulgated in the future which have the effect of 
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event that 
funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi to finance its obligations 
under the RMB Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
RMB Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such RMB 
Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund 
flows, the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. In efforts to internationalise the 
Renminbi, the PBoC has established Renminbi clearing and settlement systems for participating 
banks in various countries through settlement agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business 
with financial institutions (each, a “Renminbi Clearing Bank”) in a number of financial centres and 
cities, has established the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-
border Renminbi settlement and is in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement 
mechanisms in several other jurisdictions (the “Settlement Arrangements”).  
However, the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited.  
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of 
cross-border Renminbi settlement, such as restrictions on the types of transactions for such cross-
border Renminbi settlement. Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have 
direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although the PBoC has gradually allowed 
participating banks to access the PRC’s onshore inter-bank market for the purchase and sale of 
Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity support from 
PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of its relevant participating banks for limited types 
of transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting 
from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating 
banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source 
Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, 
its growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign 
exchange. There is a risk that new PRC regulations will be promulgated or the Settlement 
Agreements will be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting 
availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect 
the liquidity of the RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the 
offshore market to service its RMB Notes, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to source 
such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, 
such as U.S. dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant 
Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency back into Renminbi, 
depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
2.4 
Notes issued as green, social and/or sustainability Notes may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no framework prepared by the Issuer for the 
purpose of the issue of green, social or sustainability Notes. However, if the Issuer decides to

--- Page 28 ---
A53905613 
29 
issue such Notes, the Issuer will make available the relevant framework on its website on or before 
the issue of such Notes. 
The section “Use of Proceeds” of this Base Prospectus provides, and, upon issue, the Final Terms 
relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that the Issuer will issue green, social or 
sustainability Notes and an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of such 
Notes may be exclusively applied to finance or re-finance, in part or in full, new and/or existing (i) 
eligible green projects, (ii) eligible social projects or (iii) eligible sustainability projects (being a 
combination of both green and social eligible projects) which may be further described in the 
Issuer’s relevant framework to be published on the Issuer’s website on or before the issue of such 
Notes. 
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the Eligible Projects (as defined 
in the “Reasons for the offer” paragraph in the relevant Final Terms) will not satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. 
Any failure to use an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds from such Notes on Eligible 
Projects or to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements of certain environmentally, 
socially or sustainably focused investors with respect to such Notes may affect the value of the 
Notes and/or may have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green, social and/or sustainable assets, and it is possible that such amount may not be 
totally or partially disbursed as planned, for reasons that are outside the Issuer’s control.  
Further, any such failure will not give rise to an early redemption of the Notes as provided in 
Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
2.5 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes issued at a substantial discount or 
premium 
The issue price of any specific Series of Notes will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. The market 
values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Notes and Noteholders could lose 
part of their investment. 
3 
Risk factors relating to the market generally  
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and 
for which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single Series with a Tranche of Notes which is 
already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to 
their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, 
general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although in relation to Notes

--- Page 29 ---
A53905613 
30 
to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Final Terms of the Notes will be filed 
with the AMF in Paris, any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so listed and admitted or an 
active trading market may not develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development 
or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes.  
As a consequence, investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable 
them to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris or 
on any other Regulated Market in any Member State of the EEA. 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number 
of additional factors, including the value of an index, including, but not limited to, the volatility of an 
index, market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the Maturity Date. 
The value of the Notes on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market in any Member State 
of the EEA or the Inflation Indices depends on a number of interrelated factors, including 
economic, financial and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital 
markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a 
Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be 
substantial and adverse, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder and 
result in losing all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
Exchange Rates Risks and Exchange Controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and each, a “Specified Currency”). Prospective investors of the 
Notes should be aware that an investment in the Notes may involve exchange rate risks. The 
reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than the currency of the 
purchaser’s home jurisdiction; and/or the reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a 
currency other than the currency in which a purchaser wishes to receive funds. Exchange rates 
between currencies are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international currency 
markets which are influenced by macro-economic factors, speculation and central bank and 
government intervention (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). 
Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect the value and liquidity of the Notes or the reference 
assets. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past or as more 
fully described in respect of RMB Notes in the risk factor entitled “Risks Relating to Renminbi-
denominated Notes”) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. 
As a result, if this risk ever materialises, if this risk ever materialises, Noteholders may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Potential Conflict of Interest 
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the calculation agent and their respective 
affiliates (including their parent companies) have and/or may in the future engage, in lending, 
investment banking, commercial banking and/or other financial advisory and commercial dealings 
with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They 
have or may, in the ordinary course of their business, (i) engage in investment banking, trading or 
hedging activities including activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing 
transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in connection with offering

--- Page 30 ---
A53905613 
31 
of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) act as financial advisers to the 
Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, certain of such 
Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where 
applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. In 
addition, certain Dealers and/or their affiliates may have provided financing to the Group. Such 
Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities. 
Each of the Issuer and the Dealer(s) may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving 
an index or related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes 
and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche of 
Notes and the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as calculation agent), including with 
respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgements that such calculation agent may 
make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon 
redemption of the Notes. In particular, whilst a calculation agent will, as the case may be, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other 
banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related 
derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the 
maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be 
deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 31 ---
A53905613 
32 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following pages 
identified in the cross-reference table below of the following documents which have been 
previously filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) as competent authority in 
France for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
(A) 
the press release dated 18 April 2024 on quarterly information at 31 March 2024 
published on the Issuer’s website in the French language (the “2024 Q1 PR”) 
(https://www.essilorluxottica.com/fr/cap/content/175746/);  
(B) 
the pages referred to in the table below which are included in the Issuer’s 2023 
Document d’Enregistrement Universel in the French language, filed with the AMF under 
no. D.24-0087 on 8 March 2024 (the “2023 Universal Registration Document”), 
which includes the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 
31 December 2023 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European 
Union (https://www.essilorluxottica.com/fr/cap/content/171066/);  
(C) 
the pages referred to in the table below which are included in the Issuer's 2022 
Document d’Enregistrement Universel in the French language, filed with the AMF under 
no. D.23-0083 on 10 March 2023 (the “2022 Universal Registration Document”), 
which includes the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 
31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European 
Union (https://www.essilorluxottica.com/fr/cap/content/78264/); and 
(D) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” of the base prospectus dated 
23 May 2019 (pages 35 to 82) filed with the AMF under the visa no. 19-222 
(https://www.essilorluxottica.com/cap/content/77704/) (the “2019 Base Prospectus 
Conditions”) as supplemented by the section “Terms and Conditions” of the second 
supplement dated 13 November 2019 to the base prospectus dated 23 May 2019 
(page 
7) 
filed 
with 
the 
AMF 
under 
the 
visa 
no. 
19-520 
(https://www.essilorluxottica.com/cap/content/77700/) (the “2019 Second Supplement 
Conditions”, together with the 2019 Base Prospectus Conditions, the “2019 EMTN 
Conditions”), the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” of the base prospectus 
dated 26 May 2020 (pages 40 to 98) filed with the AMF under the approval no. 20-221 
(https://www.essilorluxottica.com/cap/content/77698/) (the “2020 EMTN Conditions” 
and, together with the 2013 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions and the 
2019 EMTN Conditions, the “EMTN Previous Conditions”). 
 
Such pages shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by 
reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified 
or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The availability of the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus is 
described in section “General Information” under paragraph 8 “Documents available”.

--- Page 32 ---
A53905613 
33 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference, the information 
on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The English translation of the 2024 Q1 PR, the 2023 Universal Registration Document and 
the 2022 Universal Registration Document are available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.essilorluxottica.com/regulatory-information). 
Such English translations are available for information purposes only and are not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and may not be relied upon. 
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information can be found in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in accordance with the following cross-
reference table (in which the numbering refers to the relevant items of Annex 7 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the “Commission Delegated Regulation”)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, “Not applicable” in the cross-reference table below means that 
the information is not relevant for the purposes of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation. 
Items of such Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation which are not listed in the 
cross-reference table below are also not relevant because included elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.  
Any information not listed in the cross-reference list below but included in the documents 
incorporated by reference shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not 
relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
However, the information set out in section “Description of EssilorLuxottica” can complete, 
modify or supersede the information incorporated by reference.  
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7  
2024 Q1 PR 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the material 
risks that are specific to the 
issuer and that may affect 
the issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the 
securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a 
section headed “Risk 
Factors”. 
 
In each category the most 
material risks, in the 
assessment of the issuer, 
offeror or person asking for 
admission to trading on a 
regulated market, taking into 
account the negative impact 
on the issuer and the 
 
Pages 55 to 75

--- Page 33 ---
A53905613 
34 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7  
2024 Q1 PR 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
probability of their 
occurrence, shall be set out 
first. The risk factors shall be 
corroborated by the content 
of the registration document. 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT 
THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
4.1 
History and development 
of the Issuer 
 
 
 
4.1.1 
the legal and commercial 
name of the Issuer; 
 
Page 377 
 
4.1.2 
the place of registration of 
the Issuer, its registration 
number and legal entity 
identifier (“LEI”); 
 
Page 377 
 
4.1.3 
the date of incorporation and 
the length of fife of the 
Issuer, except where the 
period is indefinite; 
 
Page 377 
 
4.1.4 
the domicile and legal form 
of the issuer, the legislation 
under which the issuer 
operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, 
telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal 
place of business if different 
from its registered office) 
and website of the issuer, if 
any, with a disclaimer that 
the information on the 
website does not form part 
of the prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated 
by reference into the 
prospectus; and 
 
Page 377 
 
4.1.5 
any recent events particular 
to the issuer and which are 
to a material extent relevant 
to an evaluation of the 
issuer’s solvency.  
Pages 1 to 9 
 
 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities: 
 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the 
issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories 
of products sold and/or 
services performed; and 
 
Pages 19 to 53 
 
5.1.2 
The basis for any 
statements made by the 
 
Pages 19 to 53

--- Page 34 ---
A53905613 
35 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7  
2024 Q1 PR 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
issuer regarding its 
competitive position. 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE 
 
 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a 
group, a brief description of 
the group and the issuer’s 
position within the group. 
This may be in the form of, 
or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the 
organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the 
structure. 
 
Page 54 
 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent 
upon other entities within the 
group, this must be clearly 
stated together with an 
explanation of this 
dependence. 
 
Not applicable 
 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses 
and functions within the 
issuer of the following 
persons and an indication of 
the principal activities 
performed by them outside 
of that issuer where these 
are significant with respect 
to that issuer: 
 
Pages 173 to 
186 
 
 
(a) members of the 
administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies; 
 
 
 
(b) partners with unlimited 
liability, in the case of a 
limited partnership with a 
share capital. 
 
Not applicable 
 
9.2 
Administrative, 
Management, and 
Supervisory bodies 
conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of 
interests between any duties 
to the issuer, of the persons 
referred to in item 9.1, and 
their private interests and or 
other duties must be clearly 
stated. In the event that 
 
Pages 111-112 
and 187

--- Page 35 ---
A53905613 
36 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7  
2024 Q1 PR 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
there are no such conflicts, a 
statement to that effect must 
be made. 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the 
issuer, state whether the 
issuer is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by 
whom and describe the 
nature of such control, and 
describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such 
control is not abused. 
 
Pages 387-388 
 
10.2 
A description of any 
arrangements, known to the 
issuer, the operation of 
which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in 
control of the issuer. 
 
Pages 387-388 
 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS 
AND LOSSES 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical Financial 
Information 
 
 
 
 
11.1.1 
Historical financial 
information covering the 
latest two financial years (at 
least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the issuer 
has been in operation and 
the audit report in respect of 
each year.  
 
Pages 193 to 
266 
Pages 191 to 
268 
 
(a) balance sheet; 
 
Pages 195 
Pages 193-194 
 
(b) income statement; 
 
Pages 193-194 Pages 191-192 
 
(c) cash flow statement; and 
 
Page 198 
Page 197 
 
(d) accounting policies and 
explanatory notes 
 
Pages 199 to 
261 
Pages 198 to 
263 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards 
 
The financial information 
must be prepared according 
to International Financial 
Reporting Standards as 
endorsed in the Union based 
on Regulation (EC) No 
 
Page 199 
Page 199

--- Page 36 ---
A53905613 
37 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7  
2024 Q1 PR 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
1606/2002. 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial 
statements 
 
If the issuer prepares both 
stand-alone and 
consolidated financial 
statements, include at least 
the consolidated financial 
statements in the 
registration document. 
 
Pages 193 to 
261 
Pages 191 to 
263 
11.1.6 
Age of financial 
information 
 
The balance sheet date of 
the last year of audited 
financial information may not 
be older than 18 months 
from the date of the 
registration document 
 
Pages 195 
 
11.2 
Auditing of historical 
financial information 
 
 
 
11.2.1 
The historical annual 
financial information must be 
independently audited. The 
audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with 
Directive 2006/43/EC and 
Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014. Where Directive 
2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014 do not 
apply, the historical financial 
information must be audited 
or reported on as to whether 
or not, for the purposes of 
the registration document, it 
gives a true and fair view in 
accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a 
Member State or an 
equivalent standard. 
Otherwise, the following 
information must be included 
in the registration document:  
(a) a prominent statement 
disclosing which auditing 
standards have been 
applied;  
(b) an explanation of any 
significant departures from 
 
Pages 262 to 
266 
Pages 264 to 
268

--- Page 37 ---
A53905613 
38 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7  
2024 Q1 PR 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
International Standards on 
Auditing. 
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the 
historical financial 
information have been 
refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they 
contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, 
disclaimers or an emphasis 
of matter, the reason must 
be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced 
in full. 
 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration 
proceedings 
 
 
 
11.3.1 
Information on any 
governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings 
(including any such 
proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of 
which the issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at 
least the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have 
had in the recent past 
significant effects on the 
issuer and/or group’s 
financial position or 
profitability, or provide an 
appropriate negative 
statement. 
 
Pages 74-75 
and 253 
 
 
The Previous EMTN Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the 
purpose only of further issues of Notes to be consolidated (assimilées) and form a single 
series with Notes already issued pursuant to the relevant Previous EMTN Conditions. 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2019 Base Prospectus Conditions  
Pages 35 to 82 
2019 Second Supplement Conditions 
Page 7 
2020 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 40 to 98

--- Page 38 ---
A53905613 
39 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer is required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to 
provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make 
available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus 
which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market of a Member State of the EEA, shall constitute a 
prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of 
the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is 
necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer and the 
rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each 
Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably 
request.

--- Page 39 ---
A53905613 
40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance 
with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and 
conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and 
conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. References in the 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms. 
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 23 April 2024 (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated Agency Agreement”) has 
been agreed between EssilorLuxottica (“EssilorLuxottica” or the “Issuer”), BNP Paribas as 
fiscal agent and the other agents named in it.  
The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and 
the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the 
“Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. In 
respect of Condition 6(d), the Issuer shall appoint a Calculation Agent in this respect. If a 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
such Final Terms will set out the relevant Calculation Agent appointed by the Issuer (the 
"Make-Whole Calculation Agent").  
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest 
coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where 
applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts (the “Receipts”) for the payment of 
instalments of principal (the “Receiptholders”) relating to Materialised Notes of which the 
principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the 
Amended and Restated Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the 
numbered paragraphs below.  
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated 
market situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended from time to time. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised 
Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 
and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier (the “Code”) by book 
entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats

--- Page 40 ---
A53905613 
41 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of 
the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Final Terms”), in either bearer form (au porteur), in 
which case they are inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary) (“Euroclear France”) which shall credit the accounts of Account 
Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final 
Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance with 
French laws unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any financial 
intermediary institution entitled directly or indirectly to hold accounts on behalf of 
its customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”). 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). 
Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons 
(and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. Instalment Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such as 
Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be 
issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in 
a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be at least €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such

--- Page 41 ---
A53905613 
42 
Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where 
appropriate, Coupons, Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue 
(“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes”), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an 
interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes”, “holder of any Note” or 
“Noteholder” means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person 
whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to 
such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon 
relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the 
relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination: 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest 
Payment Date, without the consent of the holders of any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 30 calendar days' notice in accordance 
with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the European Member 
State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic 
and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”)), or events 
have occurred which have substantially the same effects, redenominate all, 
but not some only, of the Notes of any Series (as defined below) into Euro 
and 
adjust 
the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
and 
the 
Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as 
described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective 
shall be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be 
made by converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant 
national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro 
conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant 
to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resulting figure to 
the nearest €0.01 (with €0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so 
elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each 
Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall 
be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes 
so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination 
higher than €0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the

--- Page 42 ---
A53905613 
43 
nearest €0.01 (with €0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment 
will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified 
to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final 
Terms to the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to 
Euro. 
(iv) 
In connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any 
consolidation pursuant to Condition 14, the Issuer may without the consent 
of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon but with the prior 
approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, make 
any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, 
without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, 
business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of the 
Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into 
account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt 
obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such 
holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holders of any 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, 
losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of 
Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, 
at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of 
any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with 
Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the 
cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.

--- Page 43 ---
A53905613 
44 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, 
remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its Principal 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or permit to subsist any Security, other than a 
Permitted Security, upon any of its undertakings, assets or revenues, present or future, 
to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any 
Relevant Indebtedness, unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (a) are equally and rateably secured therewith 
or (b) have the benefit of any other security or other arrangement as shall be approved 
by the Masse (as defined in Condition 11) pursuant to Condition 111.  
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed 
money in the form of, or represented or evidenced by bonds or notes (obligations) issued 
by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, which are for the time being, or are 
intended to be or capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading, listed or ordinarily dealt 
in on any stock exchange or on any other securities market. 
“Permitted Security” means any Security over: 
(i) 
any office buildings or production facilities (or any equipment located 
therein) of the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary in each case acquired or 
constructed after the Issue Date by the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary in 
the ordinary course of their respective business for the sole purpose of 
financing or re-financing such acquisition or construction and securing a 
principal, capital or nominal amount not exceeding 100 per cent. of the 
cost of that acquisition or construction and provided that such Security 
shall not encumber any other assets or property of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
any shares or stock acquired by the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary after 
the Issue Date for the sole purpose of financing or re-financing such 
acquisition and securing a principal, capital or nominal amount not 
exceeding 100 per cent. of the cost of such acquisition. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Group” means, at any particular time, the Issuer and all its Subsidiaries; 
 
 
1  For the avoidance of doubt, this undertaking by the Issuer relates exclusively to the Relevant Indebtedness and shall in 
no way affect the ability of the Issuer, under any other circumstances, to dispose any of its assets or to otherwise grant 
any Security over any of its assets or any guarantee.

--- Page 44 ---
A53905613 
45 
“Principal Subsidiary” means, at any particular time, a member of the Group (other than 
the Issuer) whose turnover represents at least 10 per cent. of the consolidated turnover 
of the Group. For this purpose: 
(a) 
in the case of a member of the Group which itself has Subsidiaries, the 
calculation shall be made by comparing the consolidated turnover of it and its 
Subsidiaries to those of the Group; 
(b) 
revenues which arise from transactions between members of the Group and 
which would be eliminated in the consolidated accounts of the Group shall be 
excluded; 
(c) 
the turnover of a member of the Group shall be calculated by reference to: 
(d) 
the financial statements of that member of the Group (or, as the case may be, a 
consolidation of the financial statements of it and its Subsidiaries (if any)) used 
for the purpose of the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group;  
(e) 
if the person became a member of the Group after the end of the financial period 
to which those consolidated financial statements relate, the then latest audited 
financial statements of that member of the Group (or, as the case may be, a 
consolidation of the then latest audited financial statements of it and its 
Subsidiaries (if any)); 
(f) 
the turnover of the Group shall be calculated by reference to the then latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, adjusted as appropriate 
to reflect the turnover of any person which has become or ceased to be a 
member of the Group after the end of the financial period to which those financial 
statements relate; 
(g) 
a member of the Group shall (if not already a Principal Subsidiary) become a 
Principal Subsidiary on completion of any other intra-Group transfer or 
reorganisation if it would fulfil the test in the first paragraph of this definition, were 
all relevant financial statements to be prepared as at the completion of that 
transfer or reorganisation on the basis of the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Group, adjusted as appropriate to reflect the matters 
referred to in (d) above and to reflect all such transfers or reorganisations after 
the date of those then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group; or 
(h) 
once a person has become a Principal Subsidiary, it shall remain one until it has 
ceased to fulfil the requirements of this definition. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to a person, an entity from time to time of which that 
person has direct or indirect control (in the case of a company, within the meaning of 
Article L.233-3 I.1 and I.2 of the French Code de commerce (as the same is in force on 
the date of this Agreement)) or an entity, more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights in, or 
share capital of, which are owned by that person. 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other 
than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those 
in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any 
interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised

--- Page 45 ---
A53905613 
46 
Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in 
Condition 6(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur), to the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 6(a) and (iii) in 
the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent and remain available for payment 
against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts and/or 
Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which 
claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as 
provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how 
many such Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their 
status for any other purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, 
stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have 
been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have 
been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its 
provisions. 
“Security” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or 
security interest which would constitute a sûreté réelle or its equivalent under any 
applicable legislation. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the 
following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or a formula or a methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate);  
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the 
case may be.

--- Page 46 ---
A53905613 
47 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b) and 
which is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for 
the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will, by a specified date, within the following six 
months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, within 
the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in 
each case within the following six months; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on or within the six months preceding the date of the cessation of 
publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the 
case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the 
Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, such 
public statement will not constitute a Benchmark Event before the date falling six 
months prior the date specified in the relevant public announcement on which the 
Original Reference Rate is permanently or indefinitely discontinued or prohibited. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system (the “T2”) is open for 
the settlement of payments in euro (a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or

--- Page 47 ---
A53905613 
48 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, 
Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant 
Business Centre(s) (if any); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day 
(other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency; and/or  
(iv) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centres 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Business Centre(s)”), a day 
(other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in 
the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
the Business Centres so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such 
period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or 
Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” or “Act/Act” or “Act/Act (ISDA)” 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of calendar 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365-FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction 
whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the 
Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the 
fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed 
during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction 
whose numerator is the number of actual calendar days elapsed during the 
leap year and whose denominator is 366. 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
each calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of 
calendar days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 365 
(or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period). 
(iv) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of:

--- Page 48 ---
A53905613 
49 
• 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Determination Period in which it begins divided by the 
product of (1) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
• 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year, 
in each case where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination 
Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(v) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. 
(vi) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360. 
(vii) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and  
(viii) if "30/360-FBF" or "Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)" is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 49 ---
A53905613 
50 
whose denominator is three hundred and sixty (360) and whose numerator 
is the number of calendar days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to 
the following exception: 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the 1st day is 
neither the 30th nor the 31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall 
be deemed to be a month of 31 days, 
using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF, the fraction is:  
If dd2 = 31 and dd1 ≠ (30, 31) 
then: 
  1   x [(yy2- yy1) x 360 + (mm2- mm1) x 30 + (dd2- dd1)] 
360 
or 
  1   x [(yy2- yy1) x 360 + (mm2- mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2, 30) - Min (dd1, 
30)]; 
360 
(ix) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(x) 
if “30E/360-(ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
 
where: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 50 ---
A53905613 
51 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(xi) 
if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each 
Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is three hundred and 
sixty (360) and whose numerator is the number of calendar days elapsed 
during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 12 months 
of 30 days, subject to the following the exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February, the number of days elapsed during such month shall be the 
actual number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
  1   x [(yy2 – yy1) x 360 + (mm2- mm1) x 30 +Min (dd2, 30) - Min (dd1, 
30)]. 
360 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European 
Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended from time to time. 
“FBF” means the Fédération Bancaire Française. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2007 FBF Master 
Agreement relating to Transactions on Forward Financial Instruments as 
supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) published from 
time to time by the Fédération Bancaire Française (the “FBF”) (together, the “FBF 
Master Agreement”), as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by 
the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a).

--- Page 51 ---
A53905613 
52 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest 
Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may 
be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period or the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling (and in such case only if the relevant 
Reference Rate is not SONIA) or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city 
specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro and if 
the relevant Reference Rate is not SONIA or (iv) (where SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms) the fifth London Business Day (or 
as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the last day of each 
Interest Accrual Period.  
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or 
amended as at the Issue Date. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect 
of the Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
or, if otherwise, the principal offices of five major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank 
Market in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
A53905613 
53 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, 
as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service).  
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, 
column or other part of a particular information service). 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will 
determine, among those successor or replacement rates, the one which is the 
most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular 
features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(h). 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and 
in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest 
Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
A53905613 
54 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note 
bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown 
in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest 
Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the 
last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it 
not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies that the relevant Business Day Convention 
is to be applied on an “unadjusted” basis, the Interest Amount payable on 
any date shall not be affected by the application of the Business Day 
Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in 
the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below 
relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent for a Transaction under the

--- Page 54 ---
A53905613 
55 
terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under 
which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date is the first 
calendar day of that Interest Accrual Period or such other date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate” (Taux 
Variable), 
“Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
Date” 
(Date 
de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and “Transaction” (Transaction) 
have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent for a Swap Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period or such other date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation 
Agent”, 
“Floating 
Rate 
Option”, 
“Designated 
Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
(a) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at either (i) 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time 
in the case of EURIBOR) or (ii) if otherwise, the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as

--- Page 55 ---
A53905613 
56 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(b) If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(i) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent 
shall request, (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, or (ii) if 
otherwise, each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and  
(c) If paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may 
be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if 
otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such

--- Page 56 ---
A53905613 
57 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone 
inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank 
Market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in 
place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, 
be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date: (i) the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the CMS Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; (ii) if at least five of the 
CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest 
quotations) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest quotations) and (iii) if on any Interest 
Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS 
Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such 
commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with the then 
prevailing standard market practice.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap 
transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the 
Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the

--- Page 57 ---
A53905613 
58 
relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference 
Currency is Euro, the principal office of five leading swap dealers 
in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is 
Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap dealers 
in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference 
Currency is US dollars, the principal New York City office of five 
leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or 
(iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal 
Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in 
the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent.  
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to a 
Reference Currency, the financial centre specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Designated 
Maturity”, “Margin”, “Specified 
Time” and 
“Relevant Screen Page” shall have the meaning given to those 
terms in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market 
annual swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic 
mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first 
day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in 
each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 
2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”)) with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the then prevailing standard market practice or the ISDA 
Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis of the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-
annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated

--- Page 58 ---
A53905613 
59 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on 
an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, is equivalent (A) if 
the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to GBP-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated 
Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a 
designated maturity of three months;  
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is US dollars, the mid-
market semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis of 
the mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual 
fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a 
fixed-for-floating US dollar interest rate swap transaction 
with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing 
on the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and 
in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, 
calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
with a designated maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if 
the Final Terms specify otherwise, the mid-market swap 
rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Representative 
Amount” 
means 
an 
amount 
that 
is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at 
the relevant time, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the €STR rate of interest 
determination method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “€STR Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined could be either €STR Lookback 
Compound or €STR Shift Compound as follows: 
(x) if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, 
be €STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, 
be €STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any);

--- Page 59 ---
A53905613 
60 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e): 
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-
term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business 
Day falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR 
for the TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business 
Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant TARGET Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and 
including, the last TARGET Business Day in such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, the relevant TARGET 
Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately 
following TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period 
specified in the Final Terms; and 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of TARGET Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period. 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term 
rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) which 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other

--- Page 60 ---
A53905613 
61 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
ቌෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of 
TARGET Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“€STRi” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the €STR in 
respect of that TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant TARGET Business Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and 
including, the last TARGET Business Day in such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following TARGET Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date 
falling a number of TARGET Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of TARGET Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period; and 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of TARGET 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any 
particular TARGET Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation 
Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such 
TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in 
respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate 
was published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as 
defined below).

--- Page 61 ---
A53905613 
62 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any 
particular TARGET Business Day and both an €STR Index 
Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, then the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET 
Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before 
the end of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of 
€STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or 
after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and 
both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each relevant 
TARGET Business Day occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above (the “€STR 
Replacement Rate”), will remain effective for the remaining term 
to maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
(i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as if the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET 
Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than 
the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified 
EDFR; or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate or 
Modified EDFR available, as if the rate of €STR for each relevant 
TARGET Business Day on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR 
(though, in each case, substituting, where a different Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or

--- Page 62 ---
A53905613 
63 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, 
the 
final 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), including 
any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, 
(ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent's (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) sole discretion, acting in 
good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), no €STR Replacement 
Rate will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), and the €STR 
Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be 
equal to the last €STR available, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e): 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for 
€STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed

--- Page 63 ---
A53905613 
64 
or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the 
European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by 
or on behalf of the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator 
that 
will 
continue 
to 
provide 
the 
ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by 
the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank 
for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator 
that 
will 
continue 
to 
provide 
the 
ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” 
means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international

--- Page 64 ---
A53905613 
65 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) No. 2019/1265 of 
the European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-
term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on 
the deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight 
deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central 
Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have 
adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
(1) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before 
the end of the first TARGET Business Day following the 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the 
EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(2) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR 
for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the 
interest rate representing the wholesale Euro unsecured 
overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area 
provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or 
before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro 
short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 
of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt 
time), such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day 
immediately following such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely,

--- Page 65 ---
A53905613 
66 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution 
authority 
with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
€STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no 
longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified 
by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR 
plus the EDFR Spread; 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of 
the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
currently 
at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank. 
(f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR Benchmark, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be equal to the relevant SOFR Benchmark plus or minus 
(as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date.  
The “SOFR Benchmark” will be determined based on Simple 
SOFR Average, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded 
SOFR Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SOFR 
Rate of Interest Determination”), as follows:

--- Page 66 ---
A53905613 
67 
(x) if Simple SOFR Average (“Simple SOFR Average”) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the SOFR Benchmark will be determined, the 
SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR reference rates for 
each day during the period, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate 
expertise 
and 
international 
repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), and where the 
SOFR reference rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date 
shall be used for the days in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Interest Period Date. 
(y) if Compounded Daily SOFR (“Compounded Daily 
SOFR”) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the SOFR Benchmark will be 
determined, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the compounded 
average of daily SOFR reference rates for each day 
during the relevant Interest Accrual Period (where 
SOFR Lag, SOFR Payment Delay or SOFR Lockout is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms to 
determine Compounded Daily SOFR) or the SOFR 
Observation Period (where SOFR Observation Shift is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms to 
determine Compounded Daily SOFR). 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate 
expertise 
and 
international 
repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance 
with one of the formulas referenced below depending 
upon which is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
SOFR Lag: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 −×𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 =1
−1ቍ × 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi-xUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate for the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling

--- Page 67 ---
A53905613 
68 
the number of Lookback Days prior to that U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(i); 
“Lookback Days” means such number of U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days 
as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending 
from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day from 
(and 
including) 
the 
first 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (each a “U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
(ii) 
SOFR Observation Shift: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖  × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 =1
−1ቍ × 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate for 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i); 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of 
an Interest Accrual Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the 
date falling the number of SOFR Observation Shift 
Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 68 ---
A53905613 
69 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending 
from 
one 
to 
do, 
representing 
each 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period (each a “U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
(iii) 
SOFR Payment Delay: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖  × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 =1
−1ቍ × 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate for 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i); 
“Interest Payment Date” shall be the number of 
Interest Payment Delay Days following each 
Interest Period Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest 
Accrual Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the 
Issuer elects to redeem the Notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date; 
“Interest Payment Delay Days” means the 
number of Business Days as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 69 ---
A53905613 
70 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending 
from one to do, representing each relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (each a “U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
For the purposes of calculating Compounded 
Daily SOFR with respect to the final Interest 
Accrual Period where SOFR Payment Delay is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR 
reference 
rate 
for 
each 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, shall be 
the SOFR reference rate in respect of such SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(iv) 
SOFR Lockout: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖  × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 =1
−1ቍ × 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate for 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), 
except that the SOFR for any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) in respect of the period 
from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date 
to (but excluding) the Interest Accrual Period Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the SOFR

--- Page 70 ---
A53905613 
71 
reference rate in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending 
from one to do, representing each relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (each a “U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
The following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below for the purposes of 
Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(x) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(g)(y): 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means 
the Bloomberg screen designated “SOFRRATE” 
or any successor page or service; 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters 
page designated “USDSOFR=” or any successor 
page or service;  
“SOFR” means, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the reference rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other 
independent 
party 
responsible 
with 
appropriate expertise and international repute for 
the calculation of the rate of interest, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with the 
following provision: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
published at the SOFR Determination Time 
as such reference rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page; the 
Secured 
Overnight 
Financing 
Rate 
published at the SOFR Determination Time 
as such reference rate is reported on the 
Reuters Page USDSOFR=; or the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate published at the

--- Page 71 ---
A53905613 
72 
SOFR Determination Time on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website; 
(b) 
if the reference rate specified in (a) above 
does not appear and a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have not 
occurred, the SOFR reference rate shall be 
the reference rate published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s 
Website 
for 
the 
first 
preceding 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day 
for 
which 
SOFR 
was 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website; or 
(c) 
if the reference rate specified in (a) above 
does not appear and a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Date 
have 
occurred, 
the 
provisions 
set 
forth 
in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(aa) shall apply; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is 
a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date or the relevant Optional Redemption Date, 
as applicable, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
“SOFR 
Determination 
Time” 
means 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on 
the 
immediately 
following 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day. 
(z) if Compounded SOFR Index (“Compounded SOFR 
Index”) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the compounded average of 
daily SOFR reference rates for each day during the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate 
expertise 
and 
international 
repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) as follows: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰ × ൬360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐
൰ 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards and where:

--- Page 72 ---
A53905613 
73 
“SOFR Index” means, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the SOFR Index value as 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at the 
SOFR Index Determination Time on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, provided that: 
(a) if the value specified above does not appear 
and a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date have not occurred, the “SOFR Index” 
shall 
be 
calculated 
on 
any 
Interest 
Determination Date with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, in accordance with the 
Compounded Daily SOFR formula described 
above in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(y)(ii) “SOFR 
Observation Shift”, and the term “SOFR 
Observation Shift Days” shall mean 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; or 
(b) if the value specified above does not appear 
and a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(aa) shall apply; 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the SOFR Index value on the date that 
is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the 
Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period 
(or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date);  
“SOFR IndexStart” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the SOFR Index value on the date that 
is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Index Determination Time” means, in respect 
of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day;  
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling the number of SOFR Observation Shift 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling the number of 
SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the Interest 
Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 73 ---
A53905613 
74 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of 
U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“dc” means the number of calendar days in the 
applicable SOFR Observation Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, 
the 
final 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the 
Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out 
below for purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f): 
“Alternate Agent” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute and an independent financial expert with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer; 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the 
Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(currently, 
being 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-
averages-and-index), or any successor source; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” means the Benchmark 
Replacement Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark; 
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of 
a Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day 
except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.  
(aa) For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f), if the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent determines on or prior to the relevant Reference 
Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark 
for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations 
on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Calculation Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Alternate Agent will have the right to make

--- Page 74 ---
A53905613 
75 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time.  
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, any 
determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Alternate Agent pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate 
or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to 
take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner or, as the case may be, the 
Alternate Agent, as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating 
to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(f), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), no 
Benchmark Replacement will be adopted by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the 
Benchmark Replacement will be SOFR determined as 
of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately preceding the Benchmark Replacement 
Date. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out 
below for purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f):  
“Benchmark” means, initially, the relevant SOFR Benchmark 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided that if the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent 
determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the relevant Benchmark (including 
any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) or 
the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 75 ---
A53905613 
76 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) announcing that such administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative or has been or will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use has been or will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences either generally or 
with respect to the Notes; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) the sum of:  
(a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof); and  
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 76 ---
A53905613 
77 
(ii) the sum of:  
(a) the ISDA Fallback Rate; and  
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) the sum of:  
(a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected by 
the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Alternate Agent as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark (including any daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof) giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted reference rate 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof) for U.S. dollar-denominated 
Floating Rate Notes at such time; and  
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent 
as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that has been selected by the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread 
adjustment, 
or 
method 
for 
calculating 
or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement 
of the then-current Benchmark (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof) with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated Floating Rate Notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with 
respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments 
of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) the Calculation Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Alternate Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner

--- Page 77 ---
A53905613 
78 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is 
not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Alternate Agent determines is reasonably necessary acting in 
good faith and in a commercial manner); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of: 
(x) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein; and  
(y) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the 
Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or 
any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time 
to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time;  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Benchmark (including any daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof) for the applicable 
tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 78 ---
A53905613 
79 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the 
Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is the SOFR 
Benchmark, the SOFR Determination Time (where Simple SOFR 
Average or Compounded Daily SOFR is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms) or SOFR Index Determination Time 
(where Compounded SOFR Index is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms), or (2) if the Benchmark is not the 
SOFR Benchmark, the time determined by the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent after giving effect to 
the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or 
any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark 
Replacement 
excluding 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment. 
(g) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the SONIA rate of 
interest determination method, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “SONIA Rate of Interest Determination”), in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate or SONIA Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate as follows: 
(x) 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate: 
If SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, be the SONIA Compounded 
Index Rate as follows, plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g)(x): 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means with respect 
to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment during the Observation 
Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period 
(with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the

--- Page 79 ---
A53905613 
80 
fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards, 
 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸 
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
 −1൰×  ൬365
𝑑𝑑൰ 
 
provided, however, that if the SONIA Compounded Index 
Value is not available in relation to any Interest Accrual 
Period 
on 
the 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
for 
the 
determination of either or both of SONIA Compounded 
IndexSTART and SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate 
of Interest shall be calculated for such Interest Accrual 
Period on the basis of the SONIA Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate as set out in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g)(y) 
as if SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate with 
Observation Shift had been specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the “Relevant Screen Page” shall be 
deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“London Business Day”, means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London;  
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date 
falling “p” London Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation 
Period shall begin on and include the date which is “p” 
London Business Days prior to the Issue Date) and 
ending on (but excluding) the date which is “p” London 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” 
London Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period the whole 
number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five London Business 
Days) representing a number of London Business Days; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known 
as the SONIA Compounded Index administered by the 
Bank of England (or any successor administrator 
thereof);

--- Page 80 ---
A53905613 
81 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of 
an Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value on the date falling “p” London Business 
Days prior to (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period, or (ii) in the case of the first Interest Accrual 
Period, the Issue Date; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means the SONIA 
Compounded Index Value on the date falling “p” London 
Business Days prior to (i) in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (ii) if the Notes become due 
and payable prior to the end of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the date on which the Notes become so due and 
payable; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means in relation 
to any London Business Day, the value of the SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
as 
published 
by 
authorised 
distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such 
London Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA 
Compounded Index cannot be obtained from such 
authorised distributors, as published on the Bank of 
England’s 
Website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such 
other page or website as may replace such page for the 
purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) 
on such London Business Day. 
(y) 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate: 
If SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will be the SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate as follows, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate 
expertise 
and 
international 
repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards,

--- Page 81 ---
A53905613 
82 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆i × ni
365
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 = 1
−1቏× 365
𝑑𝑑 
Where: 
“London Business Day”, “Observation Period” and “p” 
have 
the 
meanings 
set 
out 
under 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(g)(x); 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“do” is the number of London Business Days in 
the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number 
of calendar days from and including such London 
Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
London Business Day; 
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of: 
(i) 
that London Business Day “i” where Observation 
Shift is specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the London Business Day (being a London 
Business Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period) falling “p” London Business Days prior to 
the relevant London Business Day “i” where Lag 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London 
Business Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for 
such London Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as

--- Page 82 ---
A53905613 
83 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page on the next 
following London Business Day or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as published by authorised 
distributors on such London Business Day or, if SONIA 
cannot be obtained from such authorised distributors, as 
published on the Bank of England’s Website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such 
other page or website as may replace such page for the 
purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate). 
(z) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
relevant Final Terms and either (i) the SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the SONIA Compounded 
Index Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, if, in 
respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA 
reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable, 
(or as otherwise provided in the relevant definition 
thereof), such Reference Rate shall be:  
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank 
Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which the SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only 
of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, 
if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA 
reference rate published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof) for the first preceding London 
Business Day on which the SONIA reference 
rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof), and 
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(aa) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Rate of 
Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
(though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the

--- Page 83 ---
A53905613 
84 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first 
Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions, the final Interest Determination Date 
shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Notes became due and payable and the 
Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
(D) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(a) Independent Adviser 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (except in 
respect 
of 
Conditions 
5(c)(iii)(C)(e), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(f) 
and 
5(c)(iii)(C)(g)) and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any 
(in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall act in good 
faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an independent 
expert and in consultation with the Issuer. The Issuer will not 
take any discretionary decision on the basis of such consultation. 
In the absence of bad faith, manifest error or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, 
the 
Paying 
Agents, 
or 
the 
Noteholders, 
the

--- Page 84 ---
A53905613 
85 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or 
(ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a 
first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in 
place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance 
of doubt, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
(b) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)).  
(c) Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).

--- Page 85 ---
A53905613 
86 
(d) Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or any Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and the Independent 
Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate or such Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such 
variation in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(e) Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative of the Masse and, in accordance 
with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders and the Representative of 
the Masse of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate 
signed by any authorised signatory of the Issuer and the 
Independent Adviser: 
(i) 
confirming, on the basis of the determination of the 
Independent Adviser (i) that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, 
the Alternative Rate, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 86 ---
A53905613 
87 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for 
inspection by the Noteholders at all reasonable times during 
normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying 
Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate 
will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, the Calculation 
Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (a), (b), (c) and (d), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred. 
(g) New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate 
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in 
respect of the then applicable Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall apply as if 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the Original 
Reference Rate. 
(E) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rate based 
on the relevant FBF Rate (if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final terms), the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (E), “Applicable Maturity” 
means: (a) in relation to FBF Determination, the period of time

--- Page 87 ---
A53905613 
88 
specified in the relevant FBF Rate, (b) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, 
and (c) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes:  
1. 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households 
in metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the Institut 
National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the “INSEE”) 
(“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 5(c)(iv)1 shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the 
meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)1 shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the 
CPI (the “CPI Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(A) On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
“Interest Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will 
calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)1, the “Inflation Index 
Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest 
Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) 
the base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding 
Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the 
first day of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of 
the third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day 
(D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and 
the second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the 
case of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
(
)
3
M
2
M
M
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
ND
1
D
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
−
−
−
−
×
−
+

--- Page 88 ---
A53905613 
89 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page 
OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR <GO> pages and 
on the website https://www.aft.gouv.fr/. In the case of doubt in the 
interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio, such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the 
procedures selected by the French Treasury (Trésor) for its 
obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer 
price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the INSEE as 
such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as 
provided herein. 
(B) The calculation method described below is based on the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association (Comité 
de Normalisation Obligataire – http://www.cnofrance.org/) in its 
July 2011 Paper entitled “Inflation linked bonds”. In the case of any 
conflict between the calculation method provided below and the 
calculation method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the 
Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall 
prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each 
Interest Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be 
equal to the rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms 
multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(C)  
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a 
timely manner, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index 
(the “Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index”) shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice 
provisoire) has already been published, such index 
shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI 
Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under the 
heading "indice de substitution". Once the definitive 
CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, it would 
automatically apply from the day following its release to 
all calculations taking place from this date.

--- Page 89 ---
A53905613 
90 
13
M
12
1
1
M
1
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
−
−
−×
(y) If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the 
basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as 
set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more 
base changes for the purpose of calculating the CPI 
Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference 
Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis will 
be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly 
Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 
1st March of the following year. Such chaining will be 
carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
 
Such that: 
 
2. 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat 
(the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 5(c)(iv)2 shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the 
meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)2 shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the 
HICP (the “HICP Linked Interest”) will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date 
(an “Interest Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will 
calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)2, the “Inflation Index 
Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest 
Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and 
(ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date 
Key
X
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
D
Date
Basis
Previous
D
Date
Basis
New
=
basis
previous
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
basis
new
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Key =

--- Page 90 ---
A53905613 
91 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if 
necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded 
up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to 
the first day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index of the third month preceding such month, and (B) in 
relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given month 
(M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month 
(M - 3) and the second month preceding such month (M - 2) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the 
case of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 
2; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 
3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page 
OATEI01, on the website https://www.aft.gouv.fr/ and on 
Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised 
index of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate 
of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco 
as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be 
adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(B) 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each 
Interest Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be 
equal to the rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms 
multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(C) 
 
(1) If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a 
timely manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index 
(
)
3
M
2
M
M
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
ND
1
D
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
−
−
−
−
×
−
+

--- Page 91 ---
A53905613 
92 
(the “Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index”) shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has 
already been published by Eurostat, such index shall 
automatically be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP Monthly 
Reference Index is released, it would automatically 
apply from the day following its release to all 
calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the 
basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as 
set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
(2) In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more 
base changes for the purpose of calculating the HICP 
Monthly Reference Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference 
Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis will 
be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly 
Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index for 
1st March of the following year. Such chaining will be 
carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
 
Such that: 
 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate 
(i) that the Issuer may elect to convert, upon giving not less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with Condition 15, on the date set out in 
the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate (the “Optional Change of Interest Date”) or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms (the “Automatic Change of Interest 
Date”). 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be 
Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the 
13
M
12
1
1
M
1
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
−
−
−×
basis
previous
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
basis
new
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Key=
Key
X
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
D
Date
Basis
Previous
D
Date
Basis
New
=

--- Page 92 ---
A53905613 
93 
amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall, be the Early Redemption 
Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(i)(j)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date 
for redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or 
(ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, payment is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as 
well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in 
this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts, and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall 
be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest 
for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if 
a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the 
next paragraph.  
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate 
of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to 
such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. In no event shall the 
applicable rate of interest (including, for the sake of clarity, any applicable 
margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, 
which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes “unit” 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any 
period shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such 
period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for 
such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with 
such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be 
the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Accrual Periods.

--- Page 93 ---
A53905613 
94 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts and Instalment Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each 
Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Instalment 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes 
that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of 
such Regulated Market so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date 
or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If 
the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and 
the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to 
be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of 
the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or 
more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms 
and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in Condition 4). Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references 
in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading 
bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office

--- Page 94 ---
A53905613 
95 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent 
may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(k) 
RMB Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate 
Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which 
case it shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on each Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest 
payable per Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The 
determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by 
the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business 
Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an adjustment of the Interest Period if the Interest Payment Date is 
not a Business Day. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the 
accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be 
calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision 
but no publication of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination so 
calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual 
number of days in the relevant Interest Period or, as applicable, other period 
concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled 
as provided below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided and/or specified in the relevant Final Terms, is its 
nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 6(b) below, 
its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) Redemption by Instalments: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and 
cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each Note that provides for 
Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on 
each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the

--- Page 95 ---
A53905613 
96 
relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note 
shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is 
calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, 
such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, 
unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment or (ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in 
which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) Residual Call Option: If a Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) redeem, at any time as from the Call Option Date (as specified in 
the Final Terms) which shall be no earlier than 180 calendar days before the 
Maturity Date, until the Maturity Date, the Notes, in whole but not in part, at 
par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If a Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to 
time, prior to their Maturity Date (the “Optional Redemption Date”) at their 
Optional Redemption Amount. The Optional Redemption Amount will be 
calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and will be the greater of (x) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes until their Maturity Date (not including 
any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on 
an annual basis using the Day Count Fraction (as per Condition 5 and as 
further specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the Redemption Rate plus a 
Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each 
case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
If a Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if the 
Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer before the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(c) above, the Optional Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer will be calculated 
substituting the Call Option Date to the Maturity Date. Should the Call Option 
Date be different from an Interest Payment Date, the amount of interest 
corresponding to the period from the immediately preceding Interest Payment

--- Page 96 ---
A53905613 
97 
Date to the Call Option Date will be paid on the Call Option Date and 
calculated as per Condition 5(h).  
The “Redemption Rate” is the average of the five quotations (eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest 
quotations)) given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to 
maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
on the fourth business day preceding the Optional Redemption Date at 
11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)).  
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent which are primary European government security 
dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be chosen by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the third 
business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption Date, quoted in 
writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
upon all parties. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall act as an 
independent expert and not as an agent for the Issuer, the Couponholders 
and the Noteholders. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent (acting in such 
capacity) shall not have any relationship of agency or trust with the Issuer, the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(f) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(d). 
(e) Clean-up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and if at least 75 per cent. of the initial aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased and, in 
each case, cancelled, the Issuer may on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole 
but not in part, at their Clean-Up Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call 
Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided 
in the relevant Final Terms, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption

--- Page 97 ---
A53905613 
98 
Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption, if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice 
to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be redeemed which shall have been 
drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority requirements of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes of any 
Series, the redemption may be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all 
such Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or 
on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, 
the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial 
redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 
221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) and on the website of any other 
competent authority and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not 
surrendered. 
(g) Redemption on Acquisition Event: If an Acquisition Event Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event (as defined 
below) occurs, the Issuer may, on giving promptly and in any event not more 
than 60 calendar days after the occurrence of such Acquisition Event and not 
more than 30 nor less than 15 calendar days before the date set for 
redemption, irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15, subject to having also given notice to the Fiscal Agent, redeem 
in whole or in part or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole only, 
the Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. The Issuer may waive its right to call the Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 6(g) by giving notice (which shall be irrevocable) pursuant 
to Condition 15. 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall not be entitled, during a period of 12 months following the 
exercise by the Issuer of such Acquisition Event Call Option to exercise a

--- Page 98 ---
A53905613 
99 
Clean-up Call Option in accordance with Condition 6(e) with respect to such 
Notes. 
An "Acquisition Event" shall have occurred if: 
(i) on or prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer has not completed and closed the acquisition of the 
Targeted Company (as specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(ii) the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the 
acquisition of the Targeted Company.  
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(f) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(g). 
(h) Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Put Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, 
upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ 
notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at 
its specified office during usual business hours a duly completed option 
exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable during usual 
business hours from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. In the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the 
relevant Notes (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder 
shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be 
redeemed to the account of the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent with a 
specified office in Paris as specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so 
exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may be 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(i) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purpose of this Condition 6(i) the ratio determined on the 
fifth Business Day before the Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index, on the Maturity Date 
and the Base Reference on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the 
Notes will be redeemed at par.

--- Page 99 ---
A53905613 
100 
(j) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(k) or Condition 6(o) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the 
Amortised Nominal Amount of any such Note shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if 
they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such 
Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(k) or Condition 
6(o) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and 
payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be 
the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in 
accordance with Condition 5(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one 
year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction 
shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) Inflation Linked Notes:  
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(i) shall apply 
in respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount 
upon redemption of such Notes pursuant to Condition 6(k) or 
Condition 6(o) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9, the Put Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount in 
respect of such Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
Early Redemption Amount/Put Amount = IIR x nominal amount of 
the Notes

--- Page 100 ---
A53905613 
101 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined 
on the fifth Business Day before the date set for redemption 
between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in 
the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if 
the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, 
the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for 
redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is 
below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(i) applies) 
fall to be redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, 
the Issuer will pay the Early Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued 
interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the period from, and including the immediately preceding Interest 
Payment 
Date 
or, 
as 
the 
case 
may 
be, 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the 
provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv) above except that, for such 
purposes the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth 
Business Day prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
(iii) Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Note (other than Notes described paragraphs “Zero Coupon Notes” and 
“Inflation Linked Notes” above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant 
to Condition 6(k) or Condition 6(o), or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount. 
(k) Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of, French law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the 
Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such 
payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment 
Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to 
having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 calendar days’ notice to 
the Noteholders or, if applicable, to the Couponholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the 
due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be 
no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of principal and interest without withholding for such French 
taxes. 
(ii) If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons, be prevented by French law from making 
payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full

--- Page 101 ---
A53905613 
102 
amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer, shall 
forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall 
upon giving not less than seven calendar days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders in accordance with 
Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
6(j) above) together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in 
respect of the Notes or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons, or, if that 
date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter, provided that if such 
notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for 
redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest 
practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount payable in respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, Receipts or 
Coupons. 
(l) 
Early redemption of the Notes at the option of Noteholders following a 
Change of Control: 
If Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if, 
at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs a Change of 
Control and within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade occurs 
or has occurred as a result of such Change of Control (the “Put Event”), the 
holder of each Note will have the option, (the “Change of Control Put 
Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined 
below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under 
Condition 6(k)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to 
procure the purchase of that Note, on the Optional Redemption Date at its 
principal amount together with (or where purchased, together with an amount 
equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(l): 
“Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred each time that any 
person or group of persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting 
on behalf of any such person(s) (a “Relevant Person”) in each case come(s) 
to own or acquire(s) directly or indirectly such number of shares in the capital 
of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights exercisable 
at a general meeting of the Issuer. 
“Change of Control Period” means pursuant to a Change of Control: 
(i) 
the period starting the earlier of (x) the date of the first public 
announcement of the result (avis de résultat) by the AMF (or any 
other competent authority) of the relevant Change of Control or (y)

--- Page 102 ---
A53905613 
103 
the date of the first public announcement by the Issuer of the relevant 
Change of Control; and in each case (x) and (y), ending on the date 
which is 120 calendar days thereafter (inclusive); or 
(ii) 
the period commencing 180 calendar days prior to the date of the first 
public announcement of the result (avis de résultat) by the AMF (or 
any other competent authority) of the relevant Change of Control and 
ending on the date of such announcement (inclusive). 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a 
Change of Control if: 
(i) 
within the Change of Control Period: 
(A) 
the investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or their 
respective equivalents, or better) previously assigned to the 
Notes by any Rating Agency is (x) either downgraded to a 
non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or their 
respective equivalents, or worse) (a “Non-Investment Grade 
Rating”) or withdrawn and (y) is not within the Change of 
Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) 
upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to an 
investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or  
(B) 
the Non-Investment Grade Rating (Ba1/BB+, or their 
respective equivalents, or worse) assigned to the Notes by 
any Rating Agency is (x) downgraded by one or more 
notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+ to Ba2/BB being one notch 
or such similar lowering) or withdrawn and (y) is not within 
the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) 
reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating 
Agency; or  
(C) 
the Notes have no credit rating, and no Rating Agency 
assigns within the Change of Control Period an investment 
grade credit rating to the Notes, unless the Issuer has a 
credit rating from a Rating Agency, in which case paragraphs 
(A) and (B), as the case may be, shall apply to the credit 
rating assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency; and 
provided that if at the time of the occurrence of the Change of Control the 
Notes carry a credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of 
which is investment grade; the sub-paragraph (A) will apply and 
(ii)  
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to in (A) and (B) above, 
the Relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing 
to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or mainly from 
the occurrence of the Change of Control, provided that if the rating 
designations employed by the Rating Agencies are changed from 
those in force at the time of the Issue Date, the Issuer shall determine 
the rating designations of the Rating Agencies as are most equivalent 
to the prior rating designations of the Rating Agencies and this 
Condition 6 shall be read accordingly.

--- Page 103 ---
A53905613 
104 
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or Moody’s 
Italia S.r.l. or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing 
solicited by the Issuer to grant a corporate credit rating to the Issuer or to the 
Notes and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the 
Issuer shall give notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 specifying the nature of the Put Event, the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of 
Control Put Option contained in this Condition 6(l). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the 
case may be, purchase of the Notes following a Put Event, a Noteholder must 
transfer or cause to be transferred its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased 
to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Put Option Notice (as 
defined below) for the account of the Issuer within the period of 45 calendar 
days after the Put Event Notice is given (the “Put Period”) together with a 
duly signed and completed notice of exercise (a “Put Option Notice”) and in 
which the holder shall specify a bank account to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition 6(l). 
A Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem 
or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of the Notes in respect of 
which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as 
provided above and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the 
Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer, on the date which is the fifth (5th) 
business day in Paris following the end of the Put Period (the “Optional 
Redemption Date”). Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the 
Optional Redemption Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the 
Put Option Notice and otherwise subject to the provisions of Condition 7.2 
(m) Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. Unless 
the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant 
Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be 
cancelled or held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations.  
(n) Cancellation: All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will forthwith be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by 
transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by 
surrendering the Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all 
 
 
2  For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever kind (including 
breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such Noteholder's exercise or 
purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of Control Put Option (whether as a result of any 
purchase or redemption arising there from or otherwise).

--- Page 104 ---
A53905613 
105 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, will, together with 
all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and 
other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, 
where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged. 
(o) Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law or any change in the 
official application of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will 
become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its 
obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than 45 nor less than 30 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.  
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) (in the case of Dematerialised Notes 
in bearer form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré)), by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant 
currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank 
designated by the relevant Noteholder. All payments validly made to such 
Account Holders will constitute an effective discharge of the Issuer in 
respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the 
relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other 
than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is 
presented for payment together with its relative Note), Materialised Bearer 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of 
interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of 
interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, (i) in 
the case of a currency other than Renminbi, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an 
account denominated in such currency with, a Bank and (ii) in the case of 
Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of 
the Noteholder with a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial 
centre for such currency or, in the case of Renminbi in Hong Kong, and in 
the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2.

--- Page 105 ---
A53905613 
106 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any 
Materialised Bearer Notes are denominated in US dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Materialised Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such 
offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to 
any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of 
payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent(s), the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent and 
the Consolidation Agent initially appointed under the Amended and Restated 
Agency Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed below. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the 
Registration Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent expert(s) and, in 
each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for 
any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying 
Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, the Consolidation 
Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a 
Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so 
require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities, (v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered 
form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by 
the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed 
and admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York 
City in respect of any Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in US dollars 
in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) 
with a view to consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of 
Notes, in accordance with Condition 15, the Issuer shall ensure that the 
same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and 
Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of 
Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes.

--- Page 106 ---
A53905613 
107 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Bearer Notes which 
comprise Fixed Rate Notes (other than Index Linked Notes), should 
be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if 
any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value 
of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total 
principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, 
Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or 
not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10) 
provided that, if any Materialised Bearer Note should be issued with a 
maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the 
presentation for payment of any such Note without any unmatured 
Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, the amount 
required to be deducted in respect of such unmatured Coupons would 
be greater than the relevant Redemption Amount otherwise due for 
payment, then, upon the due date for redemption of any such Note, 
such unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) shall become 
void (and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be 
required so that, upon application of the foregoing provisions in 
respect of such Coupons as have not so become void, the amount 
required by this paragraph to be deducted would not be greater than 
the relevant Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment. Where 
the application of the foregoing provisions requires some but not all of 
the unmatured Coupons relating to a Materialised Bearer Note to 
become void and shall select for such purpose Coupons maturing on 
later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note 
comprising a Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Notes, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, 
any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note 
that is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts relating to such 
Materialised Bearer Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after 
such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 107 ---
A53905613 
108 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative 
unmatured Coupons are to become void upon the due date for 
redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not 
a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued from the 
preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant 
Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note. 
Interest accrued on 
a 
Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity 
Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming 
part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, 
the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding 
any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day, nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
“business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for 
business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” 
in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency 
other than euro and Renminbi, where payment is to be made by transfer to 
an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the 
case of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day, or (iii) in the 
case of a payment in Renminbi, on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business and settlement of Renminbi payments in 
Hong Kong. 
(i) 
Payment of US Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in 
these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity 
occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the Issuer as a result of 
circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has been 
confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to 
satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of 
RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30

--- Page 108 ---
A53905613 
109 
calendar days irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for 
payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in US dollars on 
the due date at the US Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi 
denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the US Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the US dollar 
account of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the US Dollar Equivalent 
shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of 
Condition 9. 
All 
notifications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
certificates, 
calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, will (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all 
Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(i): 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or 
any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or 
other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged 
with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of 
Hong Kong. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong becomes illiquid, other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility 
or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi 
Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of RMB 
Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is 
impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong 
Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong 
Kong or from an account outside Hong Kong to an account inside Hong 
Kong (including where the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is 
impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation).

--- Page 109 ---
A53905613 
110 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of 
international repute active in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong 
reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to 
time by the Issuer for the determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and in New 
York City. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate 
Calculation Business Days before the due date for payment of the relevant 
Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot 
RMB/US dollar exchange rate for the purchase of US dollars with RMB in 
the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on 
the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB 
Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters 
Screen Page TRADCNY3 or if no such rate is available, on a non-
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither 
such rate is available, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the 
RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the RMB Rate 
Calculation Date as the most recently available RMB/US dollar official fixing 
rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The 
State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on 
the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters 
Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money 
Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may 
replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency 
exchange rate.  
“US Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted 
into US dollars using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate 
Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent.  
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by 
or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If French law should require that payments of 
principal, interest and other revenues in respect of any Note, Receipt or

--- Page 110 ---
A53905613 
111 
Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or 
future taxes, or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by 
the 
Noteholders 
or, 
if 
applicable, 
the 
Receiptholders 
and 
the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder 
or, if applicable, a Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may 
be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with France other than the mere holding of 
the Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) Presentation more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant 
Date: in the case of Materialised Notes, more than 30 calendar days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder or, if 
applicable, the Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it 
for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(iii) Non-cooperative State or territory: if the Notes do not benefit from 
any exception provided in the Bulletin officiel des Finances Publiques-
Impôts, BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 dated 24 February 2021, BOI-INT-DG-
20-50-30 dated 24 February 2021, BOI-IR-DOMIC-10-20-20-60 dated 
20 December 2019, 
and 
BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-20-40 
dated 
20 December 2019 of the French tax authorities and when such 
withholding or deduction is required to be made by reason of that 
interest, Receipt or Coupon being (x) paid to an account opened in a 
financial institution established in, or (y) paid or accrued to a person 
established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat 
ou territoire non-coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French 
Code général des impôts pursuant to Articles 125 A III, 119 bis and 
238 A of the same code. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first 
becomes due or the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the 
date seven calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or 
Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will 
be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to 
include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment 
Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include 
all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition

--- Page 111 ---
A53905613 
112 
5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or 
“interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be 
payable under this Condition. 
(c) 
Supply of information: Each Noteholder shall be responsible for 
supplying to the relevant Paying Agent, in a timely manner, any 
information as may be required in order to comply with the identification 
and reporting obligations imposed on it by Article 242 ter of the French 
Code général des impôts. 
9 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined under Condition 11(a)(i)), upon request of any 
Noteholder, shall, upon written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent given 
before all defaults shall have been cured, cause the principal amount of all the 
Notes (but not some only), held by all Noteholders to become immediately due 
and payable at their principal amount, together with accrued interest thereon, as of 
the date on which such notice for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent without 
further formality, if any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) 
occurs: 
(i) 
the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any 
Note (including the payment of any additional amounts pursuant to the 
provisions set forth under “Taxation” above) if such default shall not have 
been cured within 15 calendar days; or 
(ii) 
there is a default by the Issuer in the due performance or compliance with 
of any other material provision of the Notes and such default shall not 
have been cured within 30 calendar days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent 
of written notice of default given by the Representative upon request of the 
Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
any other present or future financial indebtedness of the Issuer or any 
Principal Subsidiary for or in respect of monies borrowed equal or in 
excess of €350,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), whether 
individually or in aggregate, becomes due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity, or any such financial indebtedness shall not be paid when due 
and payable or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period 
under the relevant contract in force prior to the date on which that financial 
indebtedness fell due or any guarantee or indemnity in excess of such 
aforesaid amount given by the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary for, or in 
respect of, any such financial indebtedness of others shall not be 
honoured when due and called upon, or, as the case may be, within any 
applicable grace period unless the Issuer or such Principal Subsidiary, as 
the case may be, has disputed in good faith that such borrowed money is 
due or such guarantee is callable, and such dispute has been submitted to 
a competent court in which case such event shall not constitute, an Event 
of Default hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have been finally 
adjudicated; this Condition 9(iii) shall not apply (a) when it relates to any 
financial indebtedness owed by a Principal Subsidiary to a member of the 
Group and (b) if the failure to pay is caused by an error or omission or 
impediment of an administrative, operational, legal or regulatory nature,

--- Page 112 ---
A53905613 
113 
and the funds were otherwise available to such Principal Subsidiary to 
enable it to make the relevant payment when due; or 
(iv) 
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for 
a judicial transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de 
l’entreprise) of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries (or any 
equivalent proceedings under any applicable law, as the case may be) or 
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries makes any conveyance, 
assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of, or enters into a 
composition with, its respective creditors due to financial difficulties; or 
(v) 
the Issuer sells or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its assets 
or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially all of 
its business or an order is made or an effective resolution passed for its 
winding up, dissolution or liquidation, unless such winding up, dissolution, 
liquidation or disposal is made in connection with a merger, consolidation, 
reconstruction, 
amalgamation 
or 
other 
form 
of 
combination 
(a 
“Restructuring”) with or to, any other corporation which is a Subsidiary (a) 
on terms approved by the General Meeting to the extent that French law 
requires such Restructuring to be approved by the General Meeting and 
(b) the liabilities under the Notes are transferred to and assumed by such 
other Subsidiary. 
“General Meeting” shall have the meaning given to in Condition 11.  
“Principal Subsidiary” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 4. 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and 
become void unless made within five years (in the case of principal and interest) 
from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 
Representation of Noteholders 
In respect of the representation of the Noteholders, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
Masse: 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each 
case, the “Masse”) which will be subject to the below provisions of this 
Condition 11.  
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce with the exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, L.228-65 I, 1°, 
3° (only to the extent that merge or demerge proposal relates to a merger or 
demerger with another entity of the Group), 4° and 6° and the second 
sentence of Article L.228-65 II, subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality:  
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the “Representative”) and in part through a General 
Meeting.

--- Page 113 ---
A53905613 
114 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall 
exercise the common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future 
may accrue respectively with respect to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Representative: 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and/or 
its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any 
nationality. However, the following persons may not be chosen as 
Representatives: 
• 
the Issuer and the members of its board of directors (conseil 
d’administration), its general managers (directeurs généraux), its 
statutory auditors and its employees as well as their ascendants, 
descendants and spouses; 
• 
companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of the Issuer, 
their respective managers (gérants), general managers (directeurs 
généraux), 
members 
of 
their 
board 
of 
directors 
(conseil 
d’administration), of their management board (directoire) and of their 
supervisory board (conseil de surveillance), their statutory auditors 
and their employees as well as their ascendants, descendants and 
spouses; 
• 
companies holding 10 per cent. or more of the share capital of the 
Issuer and companies having 10 per cent. or more of their share 
capital held by the Issuer; or 
• 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have 
been deprived of the right of directing, administering or managing a 
business in whatever capacity. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with 
its functions or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of 
the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another 
Representative. In the event of the death, retirement, dissolution or 
revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will 
be elected by Collective Decision. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and 
addresses of the initial Representative and/or the alternate Representative 
at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying 
Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative:  
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of 
the masse) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in 
order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 114 ---
A53905613 
115 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be 
brought by or against the Representative. 
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of 
the Issuer. 
(iv) 
General Meeting:  
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the 
Issuer or by the Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together 
at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may 
address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for convocation of 
the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within 
two months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of 
their members to petition a competent court in Paris to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be 
published as provided under Condition 15 not less than 15 calendar days 
prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation and not less 
than 10 calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, 
by proxy, correspondence, or videoconference or any other means of 
telecommunications 
allowing 
the 
identification 
of 
the 
participating 
Noteholders as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the French 
Code de commerce. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case 
of Notes issued with more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in 
respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in 
the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
(v) 
Powers of the General Meetings:  
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and 
replacement of the Representative and the alternate Representative and 
also may act with respect to any other matter that relates to the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with 
respect to the Notes, including authorising the Representative to act at law 
as plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the 
modification of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration 
or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of 
judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the General Meeting may 
not increase the liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any 
unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to convert Notes 
into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least one fifth of the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a two-third

--- Page 115 ---
A53905613 
116 
majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or 
represented thereat. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the 
rights of each Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be 
evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder of the 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time on the second business day 
in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General 
Meeting. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Consultations in Writing once approved 
must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 15. 
(vi)  
Consultation in Writing: 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in 
respect of any Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be 
entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a 
resolution from the Noteholders by way of a consultation in writing 
(a “Consultation in Writing”). Subject to the following sentence a 
Consultation in Writing may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French 
Code de commerce approval of a Consultation in Writing may also be given 
by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of 
Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Consultation in Writing (including by way of 
Electronic Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 15 not 
less than 15 calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such 
Consultation in Writing (the “Consultation Date”) on first notice and 10 
calendar days prior to the Consultation Date on second notice. Notices 
seeking the approval of a Consultation in Writing will contain the conditions 
of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to 
express their approval or rejection of such proposed Consultation in Writing. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Consultation in 
Writing Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the 
Consultation Date. 
A Consultation in Writing will be deemed to have been approved if, on first 
notice, (i) Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Consultation in Writing hold at least one fifth of the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) Noteholders expressing their 
approval hold at least 66.6 per cent. of such quorum. 
If such quorum is not met, a Consultation in Writing will be deemed to have 
been approved if, on second notice, Noteholders expressing their approval 
represent at least 66.6 per cent. of principal amount of the Notes held by 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed 
Consultation in Writing.

--- Page 116 ---
A53905613 
117 
(b) 
Exclusion of certain provision of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, L.228-65 I. 1°, 3° (only to the 
extent that merge or demerge proposal relates to a merger or demerger with 
another entity of the Group), 4° and 6° (respectively providing for a prior 
approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders (i) of any change in 
corporate purpose or form of the Issuer, (ii) of any proposal to merge or 
demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-14 and L.236-
23 of the French Code de commerce (only to the extent that merge or 
demerge proposal relates to a merger or demerger with another entity of the 
Group), (iii) of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security interest (sûreté 
réelle) or (iv) of any proposal to transfer the registered office of a societas 
europaea to another Member State of the European Union) and the related 
provisions of the French Code de commerce, and the second sentence of 
Article L.228-65 II of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the 
Notes. 
(c) 
Information to Noteholders:  
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the 15-
calendar-day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting on first 
convocation and Consultation Date on first notice, and during the 10-
calendar-day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting on 
second convocation and Consultation in Writing on second notice, to consult 
or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of 
the reports prepared in connection with such resolutions, all of which will be 
available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office 
of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents during 
usual business hours or at any other place specified in the notice of the 
General Meeting or Consultation in Writing. 
(d) 
Expenses:  
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, 
including expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings 
and seeking of a Consultation in Writing and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing 
by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be 
imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(e) 
Single Masse:  
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any 
other Series which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first 
mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the defence of 
their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(f) 
One Noteholder: 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder 
and unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, 
such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted

--- Page 117 ---
A53905613 
118 
to the Masse by the provisions of Condition 11. The Issuer shall hold a 
register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder and shall make them 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of 
such Series. 
(g) 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  
By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark Event 
which leads to the application of a Benchmark Amendment, each 
Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed and approved any Benchmark 
Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” 
shall not include those Notes subscribed or purchased by the Issuer in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations that are held by it and not 
cancelled. 
12 
Final Terms 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the 
terms of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
13 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange 
regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent 
as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of 
whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, 
for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders create and issue further Notes to be 
assimilated (assimilables) and form a single series with the Notes provided 
such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in 
all respects save for the principal amount thereof and the first payment of 
interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such 
Notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to 
“Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation 
Agent, may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or 
after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 calendar days’

--- Page 118 ---
A53905613 
119 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate 
the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued 
by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national 
currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated 
in euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes. 
15 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their 
respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are 
published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) 
or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading on any stock exchange and the rules of 
such stock exchange(s) so require, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located, and on the website 
of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if (a) published so long as 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be 
Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) 
or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the 
General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any stock exchange and the 
rules of such stock exchange(s) require, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located or on the website of 
any other competent authority or Regulated Market of the EEA Member 
State where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in 
accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 119 ---
A53905613 
120 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes 
(whether in registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may 
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for 
the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a 
notice required by Conditions 15(a) and (b) above; except that so long as 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or 
other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) or other 
stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated 
Market(s) or other stock exchange on which such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading is located. 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation, decision(s) of the General Meetings and 
Consultations in Writing pursuant to Condition 11 or to any decision taken by 
the Issuer following a General Meeting or a Consultation in Writing shall be 
given by publication of such notices on the website of the Issuer and, (i) in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur), by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any 
other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared, (ii) in respect of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in 
which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing and (iii) in 
respect of Materialised Bearer Notes, in accordance with Condition 15(b) 
above. Condition 15(c) is also applicable to such notices, if any such 
publication under Condition 15(b) is not practicable. 
16 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the 
Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons may be brought before any competent court 
within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 120 ---
A53905613 
121 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or 
Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of 
subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a 
nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear or 
Clearstream. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge 
to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, 
but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification 
in the form set out in the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (and which shall be 
available at the specified offices of the Paying Agents) as to non-US beneficial ownership. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Bearer 
Notes before interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary 
Global Certificate so surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal 
aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary 
Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and 
Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the 
Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal requirements of the Regulated Market in, or 
substantially in, the form set out in Schedule 2 Part A to the Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement (and which shall be available at the specified offices of the Paying Agents).

--- Page 121 ---
A53905613 
122 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the next day succeeding 
the day that is 40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further 
Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 14, the Exchange Date for 
such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 
calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 122 ---
A53905613 
123 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer either:  
- 
for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or 
- 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in the case of issue of green, social or sustainability 
Notes, in an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds, to finance or re-finance, in part 
or in full, new and/or existing (i) eligible green projects, (ii) eligible social projects or (iii) 
eligible sustainability projects (being a combination of both green and social eligible projects); 
or 
- 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no framework prepared by the Issuer for the 
purpose of the issue of green, social or sustainability Notes. However, if the Issuer decides to 
issue such Notes, the Issuer will make available the relevant framework on its website on or before 
the issue of such Notes. 
In respect of green, social or sustainability Notes, the Issuer will make available the relevant 
framework on its website on or before the issue of such Notes. Such framework will further 
describe the above-mentioned projects. The Issuer will apply processes for project evaluation and 
selection, management of proceeds and reporting consistent with guidelines set out in the Green 
Bond Principles, the Social Bond Principles and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by 
the International Capital Markets Association (as they may be further updated). 
In that context and in relation to green Notes, and as further described in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer will allocate an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible green projects as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms with reference to the relevant framework or sections thereof 
published on the Issuer's website. 
The framework will describe, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the 
reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the 
relevant Notes. 
In relation to social Notes, and as further described in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will 
allocate an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, directly or 
indirectly, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible social projects as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms with reference to the relevant framework or sections thereof published on the 
Issuer's website. 
The framework will describe, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the 
reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the 
relevant Notes. 
In relation to sustainability Notes, and as further described in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
will allocate an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible sustainable projects as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms with reference to the relevant framework or sections thereof 
published on the Issuer's website.

--- Page 123 ---
A53905613 
124 
The framework will describe, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the 
reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the 
relevant Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Final Terms of green, social or sustainability Notes will 
provide the relevant details such as references to the applicable framework and methodology note 
(defining inter alia the selection criteria for eligible assets or loans) under which such Notes are 
issued. The Final Terms may direct at a relevant section of the website of the Issuer to provide 
such information.

--- Page 124 ---
A53905613 
125 
DESCRIPTION OF ESSILORLUXOTTICA  
For a general description of EssilorLuxottica, its activities and its financial condition, please 
refer to the sections of the 2023 Universal Registration Document and the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document identified in the cross-reference table of the “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 125 ---
A53905613 
126 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer 
agreement dated 23 April 2024 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended 
and Restated Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, 
the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, 
the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not 
Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related 
thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be 
sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and Restated 
Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of 
Notes subscribed by it unless otherwise agreed. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger 
for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain 
of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the 
offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain 
liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, 
a “Member State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State at any time in circumstances 
falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("MiFID II"); or

--- Page 126 ---
A53905613 
127 
(b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
(ii) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has only offered or 
sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in France to, and it has only 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France, 
the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes 
to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”) and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Materialised Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, 
it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deliver the Notes of any identifiable 
Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of 
the distribution of such Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of 
Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject 
any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does 
not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by 
any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within 
the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer

--- Page 127 ---
A53905613 
128 
of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is 
prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(ii) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 128 ---
A53905613 
129 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Issuer; 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) and that copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the offering of the Notes have not and will not be distributed in Italy, except: 
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provisions of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended (the “Consolidated Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulations; 
or 
(b) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or, to the extent applicable, Article 100 of the 
Consolidated Financial Services Act, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of 
copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the offering of the Notes in Italy 
under (a) or (b) above must be: 
(a) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in Italy in accordance with the Consolidated Financial Services Act, Legislative

--- Page 129 ---
A53905613 
130 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from time to time (the “Banking Act”) and 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to time; and 
(b) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant 
to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as 
amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in this offering is exclusively responsible for ensuring that any 
offer or resale of the Notes it purchased in this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations.  
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and shall not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant 
laws, ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
This Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms have not been approved by or registered 
with the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong 
Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a)  it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” within the meaning of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to professional 
investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that 
Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
prospectus as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the 
meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b)  it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
“professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules 
made under that Ordinance.

--- Page 130 ---
A53905613 
131 
People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, the offer of the Notes is not an offer 
of securities within the meaning of the securities laws of the PRC or other pertinent laws and 
regulations of the PRC and the Notes have not been offered or sold and may not be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau 
Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), except as permitted by the laws of the PRC. 
Further, no PRC persons may directly or indirectly purchase any of the Notes or any beneficial 
interest therein without obtaining all necessary prior approvals or completing all necessary 
registrations or filings that are required from PRC regulators, whether statutorily or otherwise. 
Persons who come into possession of this document are required by the Dealer and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme to observe these restrictions. 
Singapore 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base 
Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined 
in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base 
Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore under SFA. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 131 ---
A53905613 
132 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in 
the Notes. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to 
admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and 
the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or 
supplement will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a non-exempt offer of any of the 
Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and 
obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under 
the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale 
and neither the Issuer, nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only 
be issued outside France.

--- Page 132 ---
A53905613 
133 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.3] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes  
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.4]5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
 
 
3 
To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023. 
4 
To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes. 
5 
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore 
there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where 
either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 133 ---
A53905613 
134 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]7 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), 
that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]8 
 
 
 
 
6 Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or if a KID will be prepared, in which case, insert “Not 
Applicable” in paragraph 9(v) of Part B below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the 
Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case 
insert “Applicable” in paragraph 9(v) of Part B below. 
7 
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or if a KID will be prepared, in which case, insert "Not 
Applicable" in paragraph 9(vi) of Part B below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the 
Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise made available to UK retail investors. In this case 
insert “Applicable” in paragraph 9(vi) of Part B below. 
8 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 134 ---
A53905613 
135 
Final Terms dated [__]  
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
ESSILORLUXOTTICA  
 
 
Euro 12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
SERIES NO: [__] 
TRANCHE NO: [__] 
issued by EssilorLuxottica (“EssilorLuxottica” or the “Issuer”) 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2024 which has received the approval number 24-117 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 23 April 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it 
dated [__] which has received the approval number [__] from the AMF on [__]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the 
website 
of 
the 
AMF 
(https://www.amf-france.org) 
and 
of 
EssilorLuxottica 
(https://www.essilorluxottica.com/fr/financement#sources-de-financement-actuelles) and printed 
copies may be obtained from EssilorLuxottica at 147, rue de Paris, 94220 Charenton-le-Pont, 
France. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) which are the [2013] [2017] [2019] [2020] EMTN Conditions which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2024. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 23 April 2024 which has received the approval number 24-117 from the Autorité 
des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 23 April 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [__] which 
has received the approval number [__] from the AMF on [__]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), save in 
respect of the Conditions which are the [2013] [2017] [2019] [2020] EMTN Conditions extracted 
from the Base Prospectus dated [12 December 2013] [9 May 2017] [23 May 2019] [26 May 2020].

--- Page 135 ---
A53905613 
136 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the 
AMF 
(https://www.amf-france.org) 
and 
of 
EssilorLuxottica 
(https://www.essilorluxottica.com/fr/financement#sources-de-financement-actuelles) and printed 
copies may be obtained from EssilorLuxottica at 147, rue de Paris, 94220 Charenton-le-Pont, 
France. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
Issuer: 
EssilorLuxottica  
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[__] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[__] 
 
[(iii)] [Date 
on 
which 
the 
Notes 
become fungible: 
 
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with the existing [insert 
description of the Series] issued by the Issuer 
on [insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from 
the date of assimilation which is expected to be 
on or about 40 calendar days after the Issue 
Date (the “Assimilation Date”).] 
3 
Specified Currency: 
[__] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[__] 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[__] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[__]] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[__] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(in the case of fungible issues only if 
applicable)] 
6 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[__] 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[__] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[__] [Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year]9 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[__] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[specify particular reference rate] +/- [•] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate Notes]  
 
 
9 
Note that for Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to modification it will be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 136 ---
A53905613 
137 
[Zero Coupon] 
[CPI Linked Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [[●]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Optional Change of Interest Date / Automatic 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Date: 
[__]] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
or floating to fixed rate change occurs and refer 
to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify 
there] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Residual Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[Acquisition Event Call Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) [Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[Decision of the Conseil d’administration of 
EssilorLuxottica dated [__]] [and [__], 
]]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from 
(and including) [__] to (but excluding) [__]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[__] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date]10 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[__] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
 
 
10 Note that for certain Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification and the following words should be added: “provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a 
day which is not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.”

--- Page 137 ---
A53905613 
138 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
specified 
below11] [commencing on [__] and ending on 
[__] / [the Maturity Date]] [specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”]/not adjusted.] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]12: 
[__] 
per 
Note 
of 
[_____] 
Specified 
Denomination13 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[__] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [__] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA)/ Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-
FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed)14 
/ Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(vi) [Determination Dates: 
[__] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)] 
 
(vii) [Business Day Convention15: 
 
[Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]]  
 
(viii) [Party responsible for calculating 
Interest Amounts (if not the 
Calculation Agent)16: 
 
 
[__]/[Not Applicable]]  
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from 
(and including) [__] to (but excluding) [__]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) (In the event 
 
 
11 Needs to be specified for RMB Notes 
12 Not applicable for RMB Notes 
13 For Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification the following alternative wording is appropriate: “Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest [CNY0.01, with CNY0.005 or above rounded upwards / HK$0.01, with HK$0.005 or above 
rounded upwards]”. 
14 Applicable to Renminbi and Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes. 
15 Needs to be specified for RMB Notes 
16 Needs to be specified for RMB Notes

--- Page 138 ---
A53905613 
139 
where the benchmark used to calculate the 
interest 
payable 
is 
discontinued, 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
provides 
for 
a 
methodology to determine the successor or 
alternative rates) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[__] 
 
(ii) Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
 
[[__] in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (iii) below] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s): 
[__] 
 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination / FBF 
Determination / ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / Specify dates] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[__] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/€STR/SOFR 
Benchmark/SONIA (or any other reference 
rate)] 
 
– Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[__] 
 
– [Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[__]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[__]/The date which is [“p”] [London] Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 17 /[TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first day 
in each Interest [Accrual] Period/each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
 
 
 
 
17 Use this first option for SONIA notes. The Interest Determination Date should match the last day of the Observation 
Period.

--- Page 139 ---
A53905613 
140 
 
– [Relevant Screen Page: 
[__]] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR Benchmark, 
delete this paragraph) 
 
– Reference Bank: 
[__] 
 
– Relevant Financial Centre: 
[__] 
 
– [Relevant 
Fallback 
Screen 
Page: 
(Only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[__]] 
 
– [€STR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(Only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[€STR 
Lookback 
Compound/€STR 
Shift 
Compound]] 
 
– [SOFR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Benchmark)  
[Simple SOFR Average/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/Compounded SOFR Index]] 
 
– [SONIA 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(Only applicable in the case of SONIA)  
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
Rate/SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate [with 
Observation Shift]/[with Lag] where “p” is: 
[specify number] London Business Days [being 
no less than [__] London Business Days]] 
 
– [Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
(Only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[[__] TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
– [Observation Shift Days: 
(Only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[[__]/TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
– [Compounded Daily SOFR: 
(Only applicable in the case of Compounded 
Daily SOFR) 
[SOFR Lag/SOFR Observation Shift/SOFR 
Payment Delay/SOFR Lockout]] 
 
– [Lookback Days: 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Lag)  
[Not 
Applicable/[__] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
– [SOFR Observation Shift Days: 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Observation Shift or Compounded SOFR 
Index)  
[Not 
Applicable/[__] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
– [Interest Payment Delay Days: 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Payment 
Delay)  
[Not 
Applicable/[__] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
– [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(Only applicable in the case of Simple SOFR 
Average, Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR 
Payment Delay or Compounded Daily SOFR:

--- Page 140 ---
A53905613 
141 
SOFR Lockout)  
[Not Applicable/The day that is the [__] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(s) prior 
to the end of each Interest Period]] 
 
– [SOFR IndexStart: 
(Only applicable in the case of Compounded 
SOFR Index) 
[Not 
Applicable/[__] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
– [SOFR IndexEnd: 
(Only applicable in the case of Compounded 
SOFR Index) 
[Not 
Applicable/[__] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
– Specified Currency: 
[__] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[__] 
 
– Specified Time: 
[__] 
 
(ix) FBF Determination 
 
 
– Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[__] 
 
– Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable): 
 
 
[__] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[__] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[__] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[__] 
 
(xi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/The Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][__] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest:18 
[__] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[__] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
 
 
18 In no event shall the applicable rate of interest be less than zero.

--- Page 141 ---
A53905613 
142 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 
30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-(ISDA) / 30E/360-
FBF] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[__] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 
30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-(ISDA) / 30E/360-
FBF] 
17 
Inflation Linked Notes - Provisions 
relating to CPI or HICP Linked 
Interest 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[__] 
 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[__] 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Dates: 
[__] 
 
(v) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [__]) 
 
(vi) Rate of Interest: 
[__] per cent. per annum multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio  
 
(vii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 
30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-(ISDA) / 30E/360-
FBF] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[__]

--- Page 142 ---
A53905613 
143 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
 
[__] per Note of [__] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[__]  
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[__]  
 
(c) 
Notice period:19 
[[As per the Conditions]/[__]] 
19 
Make-Whole Redemption  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:20 
[[As per the Conditions]/[__]] 
 
(ii) Reference Security: 
[__] 
 
(iii) Reference Dealers:  
[__] 
 
(iv) Similar Security: 
[__] 
 
(v) Make-Whole Calculation Agent: 
[__] 
 
(vi) Redemption Margin: 
[__] 
20 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount 
[__] per Note of [__] Specified Denomination 
21 
Residual Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Call Option Date: 
[__]  
 
(ii) Notice period21: 
[[As per the Conditions]/[__]]  
22 
Acquisition Event Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Acquisition Event Limit Date: 
[__] 
 
 
19 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
20 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
21 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 143 ---
A53905613 
144 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[__] per Note of [__] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Targeted Company: 
[__] 
 
(iv) Redemption in whole only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[__] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
 
[__] per Note of [__] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Notice period:22 
[__] 
24 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
25 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[__] per Note of [__] Specified Denomination 
 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
[Condition 6(i) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [__]) 
 
(iv) Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[__] 
26 
Early Redemption Amount  
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each 
Note 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(i)), 
for 
illegality 
(Condition 6(o)) or on event of 
default (Condition 9): 
 
 
 
 
 
[__] per Note of [__] Specified Denomination 
 
(ii) Redemption for taxation reasons 
permitted on days others than 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
22 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 144 ---
A53905613 
145 
 
(iii) Unmatured Coupons to become 
void 
upon 
early 
redemption 
(Materialised 
Bearer 
Notes 
only)): 
 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form and 
may only be issued outside France) 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether Bearer form 
(au porteur)/Administered Registered form (au 
nominatif administré)/Fully Registered form (au 
nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give 
name and address] 
(Note that a registration agent must be 
appointed in relation to Fully Registered Notes 
only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes 
on [__] (the “Exchange Date”), being 40 
calendar days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as specified in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable]  
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
28 
[Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification of the Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1(a):  
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
29 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(i)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the date of 
payment, and not the dates of interest period 
for the purposes of calculating the amount to 
which items 14(ii) and 15(iv) relates) 
30 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
31 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[__] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[__] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[__] 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[__]

--- Page 145 ---
A53905613 
146 
32 
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
1(d)] apply] 
33 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
14(b)] apply] 
34 
Purchase: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
35 
Masse (Condition 11): 
Name and address of the Representative: [__] 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [__]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [__]]

--- Page 146 ---
A53905613 
147 
RESPONSIBILITY  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant 
third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).] [The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of EssilorLuxottica: 
By: 
............................................ 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 147 ---
A53905613 
148 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [Euronext Paris/specify relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [__].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext 
Paris/specify 
relevant 
regulated 
market]] with effect from [__].] [Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading)  
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading:  
[__] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated]: 
[Moody’s: [__]] 
[S&P: [__]] 
[[Other]: [__]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes where the issue has been 
specifically rated) 
(Include 
appropriate 
Credit 
Rating 
Agency 
Regulation (Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended) disclosure) 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies] 
[is/are] 
established 
[in 
the 
European 
Union] 
and 
[has/have each] applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided 
by the relevant competent authority.]

--- Page 148 ---
A53905613 
149 
[[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies] 
[is/are] 
established 
[in 
the 
European 
Union] 
and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”)]. As such, 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established 
[in 
the 
European 
Union] 
and 
[has/have each] not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended)]] 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below): 
“[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”]]/[Save for any fees payable to the 
[Managers/Dealers]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[__] 
[__]/[The net proceeds will be used for the 
Issuer’s general corporate purposes.]/[The Notes 
constitute [green/social/sustainability] Notes and 
the net proceeds will be used to finance or re-
finance [describe specific Eligible Projects and/or 
availability of any relevant framework, second 
party opinion and/or other relevant information 
where such information can be obtained, etc…]] 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[__] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding)

--- Page 149 ---
A53905613 
150 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[__] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield] 
 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
(i) 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/€STR/SOFR/SONIA/replicate other 
as specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained from [Reuters/other] 
(ii) 
[Benchmarks Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
 reference to [__] which is provided by [__]. As at [__], [__] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators  
and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the  European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 
of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU)  2016/1011, 
as 
amended) 
(the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [__] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union,  recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]]" 
 
7. 
[Inflation Linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [Consumer Price Index excluding tobacco for all 
households in metropolitan France (“CPI”) as calculated and published 
[monthly/[__]] by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques.] / 
[Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco (“HICP”) as calculated 
and published [monthly/[__]] by Eurostat.] 
(ii) 
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be 
obtained from, [but not free of charge], from: [__]/ [give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of volatility and performance]. 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]] 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[__] 
Common Code: 
[__] 
Depositaries 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A.: 
[Yes/No]

--- Page 150 ---
A53905613 
151 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), adresse(s) and
number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[__]] 
 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names of
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a
firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such
entities are not the same as the Managers. Where
not all of the issue is underwritten, include a
statement of the portion not covered.)  
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v)         [Singapore 
Sales 
to 
Institutional 
Investors 
and 
Accredited Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If there is no offer of the Notes in Singapore, 
delete this paragraph) 
(If the Notes are offered in Singapore to
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors (as
defined under the Securities and Futures Act 2001
of 
Singapore) 
only, 
“Applicable” 
should 
be
specified. If the Notes are also offered in Singapore
to investors other than Institutional Investors and
Accredited 
Investors 
(as 
defined 
under 
the
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore),
“Not Applicable” should be specified.)] 
(v) 
US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the Notes 
are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the
Notes; [TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified and the legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail

--- Page 151 ---
A53905613 
152 
Investors” on the cover page of the Final Terms 
should be included. For the purpose of the above, 
a “packaged” product shall designate a “packaged 
retail 
investment 
product” 
which 
means 
in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 
26 
November 
2014 
an 
investment, 
where, 
regardless of the legal form of the investment, the 
amount repayable to the retail investor is subject to 
fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more 
assets which are not directly purchased by the 
retail investor.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified and the legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” on the cover page of the Final Terms 
should be included. For the purpose of the above, 
a “packaged” product shall designate a “packaged 
retail 
investment 
product” 
which 
means 
in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 
26 November 2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union Withdrawal 
Agreement, an investment, where, regardless of 
the legal form of the investment, the amount 
repayable to the retail investor is subject to 
fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more 
assets which are not directly purchased by the 
retail investor.)

--- Page 152 ---
A53905613 
153 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
(1) 
AMF’s approval, listing and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 22 April 2025 
provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a 
material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated 
by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After 
such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
will no longer apply. Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other regulated 
market in a Member State of the EEA. 
In compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, application may also be made 
for the notification of certificate of approval to any competent authority of any Member State 
of the EEA.  
(2) 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and 
authorisations in the Republic of France in connection with the update of the Programme. 
Any drawdown of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute 
obligations, requires the prior authorisation of (i) the Conseil d’administration of the Issuer or 
(ii) the Ordinary General Meeting of the Issuer’s shareholders if (a) the statuts of the Issuer 
so require (at the date hereof the statuts of the Issuer do not require a resolution of the 
Ordinary General Meeting) or (b) the shareholders at an Ordinary General Meeting decide to 
authorise an issue of obligations, all pursuant to Article L.228-40 of the French Code de 
commerce. 
On 14 February 2024, the Conseil d’administration of the Issuer has: 
• 
authorised the update of the Programme; 
• 
renewed for a period of 1 year from 14 February 2024 to 13 February 2025 included, 
its authorisation to issue plain vanilla notes/bonds under the Programme and/or 
outside the Programme; and 
• 
delegated to Mr. Francesco Milleri, in his capacity as Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer of the Issuer, for a period of 1 year from 14 February 2024 to 13 February 
2025, full powers inter alia to make one or more issuances, under the Programme 
and/or outside the Programme, subject to the limits defined in the authorisation.

--- Page 153 ---
A53905613 
154 
(3) 
No significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Issuer or the Group since 31 March 2024. 
(4) 
No material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2023. 
(5) 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Except as disclosed on page 38 of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not or has not been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
(6) 
Conflict of interest 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the 
duties, with regard to the Issuer, of any of the members of the Issuer’s management or 
board of directors and their private interests and/or other duties to third-parties. 
(7) 
Clearing 
Notes may be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems 
which are entities in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-
Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary). Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also 
inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
(8) 
Documents available 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the following documents will be available, 
during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted), for inspection at the office of the Issuer, or otherwise, using any kinds of 
communication means, permitted by law, at the choice of the Issuer and (with respect to (iii) 
and (iv) only) from the specified offices of the Paying Agents, free of charge:  
(i) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
a copy of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, which 
comprise the 2024 Q1 PR, the 2023 Universal Registration Document and the 2022 
Universal Registration Document;  
(iii) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(iv) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
or any other regulated market in the EEA; and

--- Page 154 ---
A53905613 
155 
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part of which is 
included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the following documents will be available, on 
the websites of the Issuer (https://www.essilorluxottica.com/fr/financement#sources-de-
financement-actuelles) and of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org):  
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or in any Member State of the EEA; and 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
(9) 
Statutory auditors 
Mazars and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit have audited and rendered unqualified audit 
reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 2023 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European 
Union. Both entities are regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly 
authorised as Commissaires aux comptes and members of the Compagnie Régionale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre. 
The consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
have been audited by the statutory auditors of the Issuer and the relevant reports are 
included at pages 262 to 266 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document and at pages 
264 to 268 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document. 
(10) Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made 
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 calendar days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
(11) Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) or other 
Reference Rates as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date hereof, the EMMI 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). The 
relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes may specify the relevant 
benchmark, the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority register referred to above.

--- Page 155 ---
A53905613 
156 
(12) Ratings 
The Programme has been rated A by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and A2 by 
Moody's Italia S.r.l. (“Moody's”). The Issuer’s long-term debt is currently rated A2 (stable 
outlook) by Moody's and A (stable outlook) by S&P. Each of Moody's and S&P is established 
in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). As such, each of Moody's and S&P is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating, 
if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated or 
expected to be, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Issuer. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
(13) LEI 
The legal entity identifier of the Issuer is 549300M3VH1A3ER1TB49. 
(14) Website of the Issuer 
The website of the Issuer is “https://www.essilorluxottica.com”. The information on such 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 156 ---
A53905613 
157 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS  
On 23 April 2024 
The Issuer declares, to the best of its knowledge, that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
ESSILORLUXOTTICA 
147, rue de Paris 
94220, Charenton-le-Pont 
France 
 
Duly represented by:  
Kayvan Dauvergne 
Head of Legal 
authorised signatory 
pursuant to a decision of Mr. Francesco Milleri, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the 
Issuer dated 19 April 2024 and a power of attorney from Alessandro Malagrinò, Group 
Treasurer 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus 
after having verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible 
within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes 
described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the 
opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 23 April 2024 is valid until 22 April 2025 and 
shall, within this period and pursuant to the conditions set by Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended, be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event 
of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has the 
following approval number: 24-117.

--- Page 157 ---
A53905613 
158 
 
Issuer 
ESSILORLUXOTTICA 
147, rue de Paris 
94220, Charenton-le-Pont 
France 
 
Arranger 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des États-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Dealers 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51, rue de La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence, 
75452 Paris Cedex 9 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
  
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 158 ---
A53905613 
159 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
avenue Marnix, 24 
1000 Brussels  
Belgium 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany  
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower One, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
 
BNP Paribas 
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin  
France 
Statutory Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
 
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Regnault 
92075 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France

--- Page 159 ---
A53905613 
160 
Legal Advisers 
as to French law 
 
To the Issuer 
 
To the Dealers 
 
HERBERT SMITH FREEHILLS PARIS LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
75008 Paris  
France 
LINKLATERS LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France