--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
ESSITY AKTIEBOLAG (PUBL) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden with the registered number 556325-5511) 
ESSITY CAPITAL B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands and registered with the commercial register number 82525897) 
Euro 6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by  
(in respect of Notes issued by Essity Capital B.V. only) 
ESSITY AKTIEBOLAG (PUBL) 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") for the purposes 
of giving information with regard to the issue of notes (the "Notes") by Essity Aktiebolag (publ) ("Essity") or Essity Capital B.V. ("Essity Capital") 
(each an "Issuer" and, together, the "Issuers") under the Euro 6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described herein 
(the "Base Prospectus"). Notes under the Programme may be issued by either Issuer. Notes issued by Essity Capital will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Essity (in such capacity, the "Guarantor") pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 7 May 2021 (the "Deed of Guarantee"). 
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein. This does not 
affect any Notes already in issue. Pursuant to the Programme, an Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency agreed between 
such Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed Euro 6,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. The Notes 
may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") as a base prospectus issued 
in compliance the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes under the Programme. The CSSF is the 
Luxembourg competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses 
for securities, as amended (the "Prospectus Law"). By approving this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Prospectus Law, the CSSF 
gives no undertaking as to the economic or financial opportuneness of any transaction or the quality and solvency of either of the Issuers or the Guarantor. 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either of the Issuers or the Guarantor nor as an endorsement of the quality 
of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the sustainability of investing in such Notes. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, " MIFID II"). 
Pursuant to Articles 12(1) and 21(8) of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus will remain valid until the expiry of 12 months from the date 
hereof, that being 5 May 2024. Consequently, the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies will not apply once this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the 
website of Essity (https://www.essity.com/investors/debt-financing/debt-programmes/). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as 
may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuers may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on 
any market. The relevant Issuer may agree with the relevant Dealer(s) that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Conditions of the 
Notes herein, in which event a supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Notes. 
Essity has been assigned a Baa1 long-term senior unsecured rating with a stable outlook by Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and a BBB+ long-
term senior unsecured rating with a stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (" Standard & Poor's"). 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by Moody's and/or Standard & Poor's. 
Moody's and Standard & Poor's are established in the European Economic Area and are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such Moody's and Standard & Poor's are included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with such Regulation at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Please also refer to "Ratings" in the Important Notices section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Citigroup 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
NatWest Markets 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 5 May 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
- i - 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes. To the best of the knowledge and belief of each 
Issuer and the Guarantor (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that this Base 
Prospectus contains or incorporates all information which is material in the context of the issuance and 
offering of Notes, that the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus is true and accurate 
in all material respects and is not misleading, that the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base 
Prospectus are honestly held and that there are no other facts the omission of which would make this Base 
Prospectus or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
Dealers or the Managers, as the case may be. 
Final Terms 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms").  Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(http://www.luxse.com/). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealers make no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in 
connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers or the 
Guarantor in connection with the Programme. The Dealers accept no responsibility for any acts or 
omissions of the Issuers or the Guarantor or any third party in connection with the issue and offering of 
Notes. 
Unauthorised Information 
The Issuers and the Guarantor are responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
have not authorised anyone to provide any other information, and the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers 
take no responsibility for any other information that others may supply. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuers or the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuers and the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers 
or the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuers or the Guarantor is correct

--- Page 3 ---
- ii - 
 
at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming 
to their attention. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, 
any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in 
the United States, the European Economic Area, the Kingdom of Sweden ("Sweden"), the Netherlands, the 
United Kingdom ("UK") and Japan (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Product Governance under MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking

--- Page 4 ---
- iii - 
 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. No key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates.  Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator). 
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) (the "SFA"). 
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, references to "Issuer" are to Essity Aktiebolag (publ) or Essity Capital B.V., as 
the case may be, in its capacity as the Issuer of a particular Series of Notes under the Programme and 
references to the "relevant Issuer" shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 5 ---
- iv - 
 
All references in this document to "SEK" refer to Swedish kronor. In addition, refences to a "Member 
State" are references to a Member State of the European Economic Area, all references to "U.S. dollars" 
refer to United States dollars, references to "Sterling" refer to pounds sterling, references to "Yen" refer to 
Japanese yen, references to "EUR", "euro", "Euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of 
the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation 
(EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union (the "EU"), as amended. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 6 ---
- v - 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", 
"expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", 
"continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations 
of the Group are forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these 
forward-looking statements. These forward looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment in which we expect to operate in 
the future. Important factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially from those in the forward looking statements include, among other factors described in this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
our ability to realise the benefits we expect from existing and future investments in our existing 
operations and pending expansion and development projects; 
 
our ability to obtain requisite governmental or regulatory approvals to undertake planned or 
proposed development projects; 
 
our ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund our existing and future 
operations; 
 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which we and our 
customers operate; 
 
changes in the competitive environment in which we and our customers operate; 
 
failure to comply with regulations applicable to our business; and 
 
fluctuations in the currency exchange rates in the markets in which we operate. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or 
on behalf of the Issuers and the Guarantor speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuers and the 
Guarantor do not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their 
expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such 
statement is based.

--- Page 7 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 5 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 14 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 16 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 18 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 32 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 65 
DESCRIPTION OF ESSITY AND THE GROUP ..................................................................................... 66 
DESCRIPTION OF ESSITY CAPITAL .................................................................................................... 72 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 73 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 77 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 82

--- Page 8 ---
- 1 - 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This description constitutes a general description 
of the Programme for the purposes of the Article 25 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuers: 
Essity Aktiebolag (publ) 
Essity Capital B.V. 
Guarantor: 
Essity Aktiebolag (publ), in respect of Notes issued by 
Essity Capital B.V. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Euro 6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuers and the Guarantor may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Euro, Sterling, SEK, Yen, Swiss francs, U.S. dollars and, subject to 
any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any other currency 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may be 
redenominated in euro. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. No Notes may be 
issued with a maturity of less than one year. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. The applicable Final 
Terms will indicate the Issue Price. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of the 
Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on

--- Page 9 ---
- 2 - 
 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(ii) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series 
of Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between 
such Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in 
specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable 
at the option of the relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on 
a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer or on the occurrence of a Special 
Redemption Event. 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be 
redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such 
dates as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Denomination of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted 
to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area 
or offered to the public in a Member State in circumstances which 
would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be EUR 100,000 (or if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by the Sweden or the 
Netherlands, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), unless 
required by law. In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) will, save in certain

--- Page 10 ---
- 3 - 
 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be required 
to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Acceleration: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross acceleration provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the relevant Issuer which will at all times rank at least 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other present and 
future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
In respect of Notes issued by Essity Capital only, such Notes will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor on an 
unsubordinated basis. The obligations of the Guarantor under the 
guarantee will constitute a direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)), 
unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and will at all times rank (save 
for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the Guarantor from time to time outstanding. 
Substitution: 
The terms and conditions of the Notes permit the substitution of the 
relevant Issuer, without the consent of the Noteholders, for Essity or a 
subsidiary of Essity as principal debtor in respect of any Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme, subject to satisfaction of the 
conditions as described in Condition 16 (Substitution). 
Rating: 
The rating of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Approval, listing and 
admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a 
base prospectus. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market. The Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. The applicable Final Terms will state whether or 
not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, 
if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith, will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the European Economic Area, Sweden, the Netherlands, 
the UK, Japan and Singapore and such other restrictions as may be

--- Page 11 ---
- 4 - 
 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves risks.  See "Risk Factors".

--- Page 12 ---
- 5 - 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or 
may not occur and the Issuers and the Guarantor are not in a position to express a view on the likelihood 
of any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the risks described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers or the Guarantor (as 
applicable) to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for 
other unknown reasons. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
A. 
Factors that may affect the relevant Issuer's and the Guarantor's (as applicable) ability to 
fulfil its obligations in respect of Notes issued under the Programme 
Risks relating to the Business of the Group  
The Group faces competition in all its markets 
Essity and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "Group") experiences considerable competition for sales of its 
products and services in each of its business areas. Although the nature of the markets and the number and 
size of major competitors vary across its business areas, the Group has several major competitors in each 
business area in which it operates, some of which are larger than the Group entity operating in that business 
area. The principal methods and elements of competition in various areas of the Group's business include 
brand recognition and loyalty, product innovation, quality and performance, price, service, proximity to 
customers and distribution capabilities. Inherent risks in the Group's competitive strategy include 
uncertainties concerning trade and customer acceptance, the effects of consolidation of retailers and other 
customers and competitive reaction. Digitalisation has broadened the Group's competitive landscape in 
digital products and solutions, new digital business models and new players, such as start-ups and 
technology companies that now compete with the Group in the field of hygiene and health. Competitive 
pressures could reduce revenue and have an adverse impact on the Group's financial results. 
Impact of substitutes 
There is a risk that other product solutions (i.e. substitutes) may replace products that are included in the 
Group's offering and thereby reduce sales. The issue of substitutes is also linked to changes in the patterns 
and attitudes of customers and consumers that affect demand for certain products and thus profitability. 
Any reduction in sales as a result of substitutions or competing products may have a material adverse effect 
on the operations and financial performance of the Group. 
Costs of input goods 
Raw materials and other input goods account for a significant part of the Group's total operating expenses. 
The market price of many of the input goods used in the manufacturing of the Group's products fluctuates 
over time. Any significant fluctuations and increases in the price of raw materials and input goods could 
have a material adverse effect on the earnings and financial performance of the Group. 
Changes in the price of the Group's products 
Movements in the market price of the Group's products could create major fluctuations in the profitability 
of the product(s) in question. In such a circumstance, profitability may be further affected by changes in 
costs for the Group. Changes in the price of the Group's products may have a negative impact on the overall 
Group's profits.

--- Page 13 ---
- 6 - 
 
Capacity additions may cause price pressure on the Group's products 
Demand for many of the products offered by the Group remains relatively stable. However, if the Group's 
competitors were to increase their production capacity and also sell such products, the increased level 
supply in the market may lead to the Group experiencing pricing pressures to remain competitive. 
GDP trend and economic conditions 
The Group's volume of output of products is linked to GDP and related factors, including industrial 
production, in countries representing the Group's main markets. Movements in the GDP trend influence 
demand for some of the Group's products. Any reduction in demand for the Group's products as a result of 
adverse movements in GDP in the Group's main markets may have a material adverse effect on the 
operations and financial performance of the Group. 
Global health risks 
Extensive outbreaks of disease (including, for example, Covid-19) entail risks for the Group's operations, 
not least in terms of the risks posed to our employees' health and safety and their ability to carry out their 
work. Political decisions to limit the spread of disease, such as lockdowns, more stringent border security 
measures or other restrictions may also cause disruptions at production facilitates, in the supply chain or 
for a third party's ability to fulfil its obligations toward the Group. More extensive outbreaks of disease may 
also result in a temporary fall in demand for some of our products, changed consumer behaviour and 
preferences and changes in the economic conditions in the countries where we conduct operations. 
Disease outbreaks and global health risks could potentially also lead to an increase in healthcare costs. This, 
in turn, may result in limitations being imposed on subsidised prescription of the Group's products in 
Incontinence Products and Medical Solutions and an accelerated shift toward self-management of health 
and self-financing of these products. 
Changes in demographics, consumer behaviour and preferences 
Changing demographics, consumer behaviour and preferences alter demand from customers and 
consumers. There is a risk of a decline in demand for the Group's products if the Group does not successfully 
satisfy customer and consumer needs and adapt our innovation program, product portfolio, sales channels, 
brand-building activities and communication accordingly. 
Risks relating to the Operations of the Group 
Risks at plants 
The Group has approximately 90 production facilities in some 30 countries and many of these conducts 
continuous production. Fires, machinery breakdowns, pandemics and other types of harmful incidents could 
damage the plant in question and also cause delivery problems. Any disruptions or harmful incidents at the 
Group's plants, or the time and cost of remedying such incidents or damage, may have a negative impact 
on the Group's market position. 
Dependence on major customers and sales channels 
The Group’s products are sold through retailers, pharmacies, e-commerce, distributors and resellers. The 
retail trade is the Group's single largest customer category and thus the performance of the Group in this 
market has considerable impact on the Group's overall performance. 61 per cent. of the Group's sales are 
made to the retail trade, through both the Group's brands and retailers' brands. Members of the Group also 
uses other distributors or retailers. The success of such distributors or retailers could impact the Group's 
overall performance. A general consolidation process is taking place in several of the Group's sales 
channels, thus increasing dependence on individual customers. In the retail trade, the prevailing trend is 
towards increased concentration, which has mainly resulted in fewer retail companies at a national and 
regional level. The Group also uses distributors, mainly for professional hygiene. A very large number of 
distributors are active in this segment and the international concentration is relatively low. In 2022, the 
Group's ten largest customers accounted for 20.8 per cent. of the Group's overall sales, most of these 
customers were retail companies and distributors. The ten largest customers also include some large 
distributors of professional hygiene. The general consolidation and increase in dependence could result in 
negative consequences if the Group does not fulfil the demands imposed.

--- Page 14 ---
- 7 - 
 
Dependence on suppliers 
The Group is dependent on a large number of suppliers for the supply of key input goods, such as 
wastepaper, pulp and energy, such as electricity, natural gas and petroleum-based fuels. The Group has a 
number of suppliers for essentially all important input goods and continuously enters into supply 
agreements with several suppliers on various durations. The Group also has intensive cooperation with 
selected suppliers that covers the development of materials and processes. The loss of key suppliers could 
result in costs for the Group and problems in manufacturing. Suppliers could also cause problems for the 
Group through non-compliance with applicable legislation and regulations or by otherwise acting in an 
unethical manner. 
Risks relating to geopolitical tensions and military interventions 
The war in Ukraine has created an uncertain situation for the health and safety of a number of the Group's 
employees. The global situation has also been negatively affected in general, an example of which is the 
dramatic increase in energy prices in Europe. The higher energy prices also impact the Group's earnings.  
The Group's assets in Russia have been impaired by SEK 1.7bn. Work is ongoing to exit the Russian market. 
In 2022, the Group's net sales in Russia amounted to SEK 3.6bn, corresponding to 2.3 per cent. of total 
consolidated net sales. Net assets in Russia amount to SEK 1.4bn following the aforementioned impairment.  
These assets include cash and cash equivalents of SEK 0.9bn. It is not possible to foresee if these cash and 
cash equivalents will be available outside Russia, but it is assumed that they can be used to pay debts in 
Russia that amount to SEK 0.6bn. Other assets consist of inventory of approximately SEK 500m, trade 
receivables of approximately SEK 500m and other receivables of approximately SEK 100m. The Group 
has 1,400 employees in Russia and three production plants.  The Group's net sales in Ukraine amounted to 
0.3 per cent. of total consolidated net sales in 2022. 
Geopolitical events, such as the war in Ukraine, therefore risk impacting the Group's business and any 
future similar events may have a material adverse effect on the operations and financial performance of the 
Group. 
Employee-related risks 
The Group must have access to skilled and motivated employees and safeguard the availability of 
competent managers to achieve established strategic and operational objectives. It is therefore important 
that the Group is successful in attracting and retaining employees with appropriate skills in the future. If 
this is not possible, this could have an adverse effect on its business and brand. 
Information and IT risks 
The Group relies on IT systems in its day-to-day operations. Disruptions or faults in critical systems, as 
well as the increasing prevalence of cyber-attacks, risk having a direct impact on production and important 
business processes. These risks grow in an increasingly technically complex and interlinked world. Any 
errors in the handling or maintenance of the Group's IT systems and/or disruptions or faults to its IT services 
may have a material adverse effect on the operations and financial performance of the Group. 
Risks relating to the acquisition of new businesses 
Success in the Group's acquisition strategy depends on several factors, such as the ability to identify suitable 
businesses for acquisition, reach agreements on acceptable acquisition terms and to finance such 
acquisitions. It is possible that the Group's future acquisitions cannot be carried out on favourable terms. It 
is also possible that, in the future, there will not be a sufficient number of attractive targets available for 
acquisition or that the Group will not be able to secure necessary financing. 
There are also business risks, tax risks and economic risks associated with acquiring and integrating 
companies into the Group's existing business operations, for example, but not limited to, exposure to 
unknown obligations as well as acquisition and integration costs that are higher than expected. 
It is possible that the Group's assessments and assumptions regarding possible or implemented acquisitions 
(including assumptions regarding synergies) will prove to be incorrect or that obligations, contingent 
liabilities or other risks previously unknown to the Group might arise. Likewise, the Group's assessments

--- Page 15 ---
- 8 - 
 
and assumptions concerning the possibilities and prospects for organic growth may prove to be incorrect 
and obligations, unforeseen events or other risks that were unknown to the Group may arise. 
The Group might also divest operations that no longer fit in with the Group's strategy. Several factors affect 
success in any divestment, for example the Group's ability to identify a buyer and the Group's ability to 
negotiate acceptable terms. In addition, it is possible that the Group might be required to provide certain 
warranties and undertakings in connection with such divestment. In the future the Group may find it difficult 
to divest operations or assets or might fail to successfully complete such divestments on terms favourable 
for the Group. 
Expansion into new markets 
The sale of the Group's products in new markets can be managed by agents or by the Group's own sales 
company. When it has been decided to conduct manufacturing in the local market, this may be carried out 
through a joint venture in cooperation with other owners or by the Group acquiring or forming a wholly 
owned company. Prior to initiating operations, the Group conducts a feasibility study and a risk analysis of 
issues related to legal requirements, due diligence of existing companies, and assessments of the business 
climate and common business practices and ethics. However, if the conditions differ from those in already 
established markets, this expansion could involve new and increased risks for the Group. 
Financial Risks 
Liquidity and refinancing risk 
Liquidity and refinancing risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its payment obligations as a result 
of insufficient liquidity or difficulty in raising new loans. 
If the Group is unable to obtain sufficient credit, either due to banking or capital markets conditions 
generally, or due to factors specific to its business, the Group may not have sufficient cash to develop new 
projects, fund acquisitions or meet ongoing financing needs, which in turn could materially and adversely 
affect the revenues, operating results, cash flows and financial condition of the Group. 
Risks relating to adverse global economic conditions 
Adverse and volatile economic conditions, in particular concerns regarding the financial conditions of 
sovereigns, financial institutions, insurers, and other corporates, can limit the Group's financial performance 
in terms of anticipated revenues and costs and can affect the ability of the Group to implement planned 
projects. Ratings agencies and industry analysts are likely to take such conditions into account when 
assessing the business and creditworthiness of the Group, and any adverse determinations, including ratings 
downgrades, may make it more difficult for the Group to raise capital in the future and may adversely affect 
the market price of the Notes issued by the relevant Issuer. 
A default by, or a significant decline in the credit rating of, one or more sovereigns or financial institutions 
could cause severe stress generally in the global financial system and could adversely affect the markets in 
which the Group operates and the businesses and economic condition and prospects of the Group's 
counterparties, customers, suppliers or creditors, directly or indirectly, in ways which are difficult to 
predict. The impact of these conditions could be detrimental to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Group and could adversely affect the Group's business, operations and profitability, its solvency and the 
solvency of its customers, the value and liquidity of its assets and liabilities, the value and liquidity of the 
Notes, and/or the ability of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to refinance its current financial obligations 
and/or meet its obligations under the Notes and/or its debt obligations more generally. 
Energy price risk 
The Group's manufacturing operations utilise electricity, natural gas and petroleum-based fuels. The 
Group's contracts with energy suppliers vary as to price, payment terms, quantities and duration. Its energy 
costs are also affected by various market factors, including the availability of supplies of particular forms 
of energy, energy prices and local and national regulatory decisions. Rising cost of energy or unavailability 
of energy may impact the Group's result negatively. There can be no assurance that the Group will be fully 
protected against substantial changes in the price or availability of energy sources.

--- Page 16 ---
- 9 - 
 
Credit risk 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, for example the risk of losses due to failure to meet payment obligations 
by the Group's counterparties in financial agreements or by customers. Customer accounts receivable is 
subject to credit checks of customers using credit rating companies and regular monitoring of credit limits 
and are recognised at the amount that is expected to be paid based on an individual assessment of each 
customer. Credit risk exposure under the Group's financial agreements includes exposure against 
counterparties in derivative instruments, leasing transactions and other financial investments and 
arrangements. The failure by customers and counterparties under financial agreements to fulfil payment 
obligations towards a member of the Group may have a negative effect on the overall Group's cash flow 
and profit. 
Currency risk 
The Group is exposed to exchange rate risk in several ways. Exchange rate movements in export revenues 
and import expenses could negatively impact the Group's operating profit and the cost of non-current assets. 
The currencies of the Group's revenues do not fully match the currencies of its operating costs. Furthermore, 
members of the Group, including Essity, have their financial statements reported in Swedish kronor but 
only a portion of its operations and assets are located in Sweden. In addition, changes in exchange rates can 
affect the relative competitive position of the Group's various plants and mills. 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is defined as the risk of adverse impact on the Group's financial position, including its 
income and economic value, due to interest rate movements. In addition, changes in the macro-economic 
environment may have a significant impact on the movement of interest rate curves for different currencies 
that the Group is exposed to. Adverse movements in interest rates and the currencies which the Group is 
exposed to may have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Group. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Environmental impact and climate change 
The Group's operations have an impact on air, water, land, biodiversity and the climate and the Group is 
subject to a wide variety of environmental regulations in multiple jurisdictions around the world. 
Compliance with these rules and regulations at the federal, state, provincial and local levels is an important 
aspect of the Group's ability to continue its operations. The Group cannot guarantee that it will not incur 
significant additional environmental costs and liabilities in the future (which also may include paying for 
environmental restoration). Risks related to climate change and the financial implications of such change, 
for example, increased production costs and investment requirements, have increased in importance. In 
addition, the Group cannot assure that the businesses it has acquired, prior to its acquisition, always 
complied with all applicable environmental regulations. Also, countries could adopt tighter, more stringent 
environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies than apply at present. 
Legal risks and political decisions 
The Group is affected by political decisions and administrative regulations in the many countries in which 
the Group conducts operations. These relate to general regulations, such as taxation and financial reporting 
and more specific regulations, such as licensing requirements under applicable environmental legislation 
and the reimbursement of expenses in the healthcare system. New legislation and other regulation in various 
countries could negatively impact the Group. Legal processes can be protracted and costly. 
Occurrence of unethical business practices and human rights violations 
The Group's operations and sales are conducted in approximately 150 countries and in sectors and 
environments where unethical business practices and violations of human rights may occur. If the Group is 
associated with such practices, this may damage the Group's reputation. The Group may also incur fines 
and other legal sanctions. The Group works together with various business partners, such as customers, 
distributors, partners in joint ventures and suppliers. The working practices of such partners can increase 
the risk of being associated with such practices.

--- Page 17 ---
- 10 - 
 
B. 
Risks related to the structure and features of a Series of Notes 
The position of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) in the Group 
Essity is the holding company of the Group and is therefore dependent on the income it receives from its 
operating subsidiaries in the form of notes, dividends or other payments to it as a shareholder. Any Notes 
issued by Essity and the rights under the Guarantee of the Notes (if applicable) will therefore be structurally 
subordinated to creditors (including trade creditors) and shareholders of subsidiaries of Essity. 
Essity Capital is a special purpose vehicle and investors should therefore consider the financial condition 
and liquidity of Essity and the Group in addition to that of Essity Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Essity Capital is a company within the Group without significant 
business activities or holdings and accordingly Essity Capital's ability to pay interest and repay principal in 
respect of its borrowings, including the Notes issued by it, depends upon the financial condition and 
liquidity of Essity and the Group. Notes issued by Essity Capital will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by Essity. The Group further intends to provide Essity Capital with liquidity by way of intra-
group arrangements or other transfers of value in order for Essity Capital to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes issued by it. However, if the Group does not provide liquidity, or due to other circumstances, 
conditions, laws or regulations is prevented from providing liquidity to Essity Capital, there is a risk that 
Essity Capital will not fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Therefore, investors in the Notes issued by 
Essity Capital should consider the risk factors, financial condition and liquidity of Essity and the Group in 
addition to that of Essity Capital. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand that liquidity may be limited if the relevant Issuer makes large allocations to a limited 
number of investors; 
(v) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(vi) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only

--- Page 18 ---
- 11 - 
 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
With respect to the Issuer Clean-up Call, there is no obligation on the relevant Issuer to inform investors if 
and when the Minimum Percentage of a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be 
reached, and the relevant Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the 
serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call by the relevant Issuer the Notes may have 
been trading significantly above the redemption price, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The relevant Issuer's ability to convert the 
interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the relevant Issuer 
may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the 
relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If 
the relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest- 
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks" 
Interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", such as the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate ("STIBOR"), are the 
subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussion and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. The 
Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR, STIBOR or 
another "benchmark" rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could (amongst 
other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.  More broadly, any of the international, national or other 
proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs 
and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to 
how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative. 
For Notes which are linked to any affected benchmark, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference 
rates and as to potential changes or other reforms to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark 
rates during the term of such Notes and the return on such Notes and the trading market for such Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
- 12 - 
 
The potential elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark 
or the occurrence of any other event that the relevant Issuer determines to be a Benchmark Event (as defined 
in the Conditions), or a determination by the relevant Issuer that a Successor Rate (as defined in the 
Conditions) may be available, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the 
Conditions as determined by an Independent Adviser or the relevant Issuer (as further described in the 
Conditions), or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. The 
circumstances which can lead to the trigger of a Benchmark Event are beyond the relevant Issuer's control 
and the subsequent use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate following such Benchmark 
Event may result in changes to the Conditions and/or interest payments that are lower than or that do not 
otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on such Notes if the relevant 
benchmark remained available in its current form. Furthermore, if the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint 
an Independent Adviser or an Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance with the Conditions, this may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations under Notes linked to a 
benchmark or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under such Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to such Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
C. 
Risks related to the terms and conditions of the Notes 
Modification and substitution 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
In certain instances, the relevant Issuer could substitute the obligor under the Notes without the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders 
The relevant Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, substitute itself in 
respect of all rights and obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes with a Substitute. Any 
such substitution will be subject to the conditions set out in the Conditions. The substitution of the relevant 
Issuer under the Notes could have adverse consequences, including tax implications, for Noteholders. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade.

--- Page 20 ---
- 13 - 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The secondary market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing 
on Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, 
there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of 
Notes. 
Notes in global form held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper. Except in the circumstances 
described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While 
the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the relevant Issuer will discharge their 
payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the Common Depositary or Common 
Safekeeper for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must 
rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant 
Notes. The relevant Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in 
respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 21 ---
- 14 - 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and filed with the CSSF shall be deemed 
to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
In respect of Essity 
(a) 
the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 available at: https://masdpstatic.azureedge.net/essity/8fe54e3f-ec63-442f-91b4-
600d6449b2c2%2FEssity_Annual%20and%20Sustainability%20Report%202021_220302.pdf 
(the "2021 Essity Financial Statements"); 
the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 available at: 
https://masdpstatic.azureedge.net/essity/Essity_Annual%20and%20Sustainability%20Report%20
2022_0302.pdf  (the "2022 Essity Financial Statements"); 
(b) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the three months ended 31 
March 2023 available at: 
https://masdpstatic.azureedge.net/essity/Essity_Report_Q1_2023_ENG.pdf (the "Q1 Essity 
Financial Statements"); 
In respect of Essity Capital 
(c) 
the auditor's report and the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 
available at: https://www.essity.com/Images/Annual-Report-2021-w-audit-ltr_tcm339-
165685.pdf (the "2021 Essity Capital Financial Statements"); 
(d) 
the auditor's report and the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, 
available at: https://www.essity.com/Images/Essity-Capital-BV-Annual-Report-2022-w-audit-
ltr_tcm339-165686.pdf (the "2022 Essity Capital Financial Statements"); 
Terms and Conditions 
(e) 
the terms and conditions as contained at pages 31 to 59 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 10 
March 2017 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(the "2017 Conditions"), available at: https://www.essity.com/Images/SCA-2017-EMTN-Update-
Final-Base-Prospectus_tcm339-92125.pdf; 
(f) 
the terms and conditions as contained at pages 33 to 62 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 7 
May 2020 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 
"2020 Conditions"), available at: 
https://www.essity.com/Images/Essity%20-%202020%20EMTN%20Update%20-%20Base%20P
rospectus_tcm339-92390.pdf; and 
(g) 
the terms and conditions as contained at pages 36 to 69 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 7 
May 2021 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 
"2021 Conditions"), available at: https://www.essity.com/Images/Essity-Base-Prospectus-
2021_tcm339-114766.pdf., 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall 
be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a 
statement contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a 
supplement prepared in accordance with article 23 of the Prospects Regulation modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the office of 
Essity as set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available free of 
charge from the principal office in Luxembourg of Banque Internationale à Luxembourg for Notes listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference 
are available for viewing at https://www.essity.com/investors/debt-financing/debt-programmes/ and

--- Page 22 ---
- 15 - 
 
https://www.essity.com/investors/reports/ and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
The tables below set out the relevant page references of each of the following documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any information not listed in the tables below but included in the 
documents incorporated by reference is not incorporated by reference. 
(a) 
2021 Essity Financial Statements 
Consolidated Income Statement ........................................................ 
Page 68 
Consolidated Statement of Change in Equity.................................... 
Page 69 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ................................................... 
Page 71 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .............................................................. 
Page 73 
Financial Notes .................................................................................. 
Pages 74 – 116 
Auditor's Report ................................................................................. 
Pages 133 – 136 
 
(b) 
2022 Essity Financial Statements 
Consolidated Income Statement ...................................... 
Page 74 
Consolidated Statement of Change in Equity.................. 
Page 75 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ................................. 
Page 77 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ............................................ 
Page 80 
Financial Notes ................................................................ 
Pages 81 – 131 
Auditor's Report ............................................................... 
Pages 149 – 152 
 
(c) 
Q1 Essity Financial Statements 
Consolidated Income Statement ........................................................ 
Page 12 
Consolidated Statement of Change in Equity.................................... 
Page 13 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ................................................... 
Page 14 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .............................................................. 
Pages 16 – 17 
Financial Notes .................................................................................. 
Page 20 
 
(d) 
2021 Essity Capital Financial Statements 
Statement of Profit and Loss ............................................................. 
Page 5 
Statement of Comprehensive Income ................................................ 
Page 5 
Statement of Financial Position ......................................................... 
Page 6 
Statement of Changes in Equity ........................................................ 
Page 7 
Cash Flow Statement ......................................................................... 
Page 8 
Financial Notes .................................................................................. 
Pages 9 - 20 
Auditor's Report ................................................................................. 
Pages 22 - 28 
 
 
 
(e) 
2022 Essity Capital Financial Statements 
Statement of Profit and Loss ............................................................. 
Page 7 
Statement of Comprehensive Income ................................................ 
Page 7 
Statement of Financial Position ......................................................... 
Page 8 
Statement of Changes in Equity ........................................................ 
Page 9 
Cash Flow Statement ......................................................................... 
Page 10 
Financial Notes .................................................................................. 
Pages 11 - 23 
Auditor's Report ................................................................................. 
Pages 26 - 33 
 
 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 23 ---
- 16 - 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a "Temporary Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
note (a "Permanent Global Note") which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes (as defined in the Conditions) are intended to be issued in new global note 
("NGN") form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note, if the Temporary Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that 
the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent (as defined in the Conditions). 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled 
to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon 
due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
If the Specified Denomination of the Notes stated in the Final Terms includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including 
€199,000", the Notes cannot be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes, or by a Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes other than in the 
following limited circumstances: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be)) 
of the Permanent Global Note without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (i) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the 
Agent as described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, 
"Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default)) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become 
subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the

--- Page 24 ---
- 17 - 
 
Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Exchange of Talons) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may 
also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days 
after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes which have an original maturity of more than 365 days and 
on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, receipts or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in the Conditions), the Agent shall arrange that, where a 
further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of 
Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different 
from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events 
of Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global 
Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global 
Note then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, 
holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer on the 
basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to 
the terms of a deed of covenant dated 7 May 2021 entered into by Essity (the "Essity Deed of Covenant") 
and a deed of covenant dated 7 May 2021 entered into by Essity Capital (the "Essity Capital Deed of 
Covenant" and, together with the Essity Deed of Covenant, the "Deeds of Covenant").

--- Page 25 ---
- 18 - 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. No key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate.  [Consider any negative target market.]  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  [Consider any negative target market].  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as 
defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital

--- Page 26 ---
- 19 - 
 
markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018.] 
[Date] 
[Essity Aktiebolag (publ)] / [Essity Capital B.V.] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by Essity Aktiebolag (publ)] 
under the euro 6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 5 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [•]] (the "Base 
Prospectus"), which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all 
the relevant information.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2017//2020/2021] terms 
and conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [10 March 2017/7 May 2020/7 
May 2021]. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with 
the base prospectus dated 5 May 2023 [and the supplements thereto dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect 
of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [10 March 2017/7 May 2020/7 May 2021] 
and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.] 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance 
of the Notes described herein.] 
The Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference are published on Essity Aktiebolag 
(publ)'s 
website 
at 
https://www.essity.com/investors/debt-financing/debt-programmes/ 
and 
https://www.essity.com/investors/reports/. In the case of Notes listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•]

--- Page 27 ---
- 20 - 
 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
[Series: 
[•]] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[•]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•]] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) the Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate]  
 
 
[Zero Coupon]  
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] [Instalment] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable] / [From [insert date / Interest 
Payment Date] onwards the interest rate basis for 
payments shall be [•]] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Change of Control Put Option]  
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption] [Issuer Clean-up Call] 
 
 
[Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call)]  
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
12. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•]] 
13. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 28 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
[Party responsible for 
calculating the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent/ The 
Calculation Agent] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]]  
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined:  
[Screen Rate 
Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not 
the Agent): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR] 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Linear interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 29 ---
- 22 - 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
360/360  
Bond Basis 
30E/360  
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Make-Whole 
Redemption] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
18. 
Make-Whole Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable from, and including, [•] to, 
but excluding the Par Call Commencement Date. The 
Par Call Period is applicable in the period from and 
including the Par Call Commencement Date to but 
excluding [•]. During the Par Call Period the Notes 
will be redeemed at par.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Par Call Period is applicable, the security selected 
for the purposes of the DA Selected Bond shall have a 
tenor up to the Par Call Commencement Date. If Par

--- Page 30 ---
- 23 - 
 
Call Period is not applicable, such security shall have 
a tenor up to the Maturity Date) 
 
(i) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[•]  
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[[•]/DA Selected Bond/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Par Call Commencement 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
19. 
Issuer Clean-up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[•]]  
20. 
[Special Redemption Event (Issuer 
Call) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Acquisition Target: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Special Redemption Longstop 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Special Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Special Redemption Option 
Period: 
The period from [•]/ [the Issue Date]] to [•]/the Special 
Redemption Longstop Date] 
 
 
(Consideration should be given by the Managers as to 
whether a supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
required prior to the inclusion of the Special 
Redemption Event (Issuer Call)] 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
22. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 31 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event]] 
26. 
New Global Note Form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
29. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
[Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(ii) 
[Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
30. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
31. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Not Applicable/The Issue and Paying Agent/[●]]  
32. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
 
 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation, as 
amended]/ 
 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
the Benchmarks Regulation, as amended]/ 
 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/ 
 
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 32 ---
- 25 - 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
33. 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers and underwriting comments: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting comments] 
34. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading]/[Not Applicable]. 
SIGNED on behalf of [ESSITY AKTIEBOLAG (PUBL)]/[ESSITY CAPITAL B.V.] as Issuer: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised 
 
[SIGNED on behalf of 
ESSITY AKTIEBOLAG (PUBL)] as Guarantor: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 33 ---
- 26 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING & ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] with effect from [•].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] with effect from [•].][•]/[Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated:] 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's Deutschland GmbH: [•]] [[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [•].] 
[•] [insert a brief explanation of the rating of the Notes 
if rate]  
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act

--- Page 34 ---
- 27 - 
 
2018 the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of UK 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether rating 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities and 
Markets Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation

--- Page 35 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
is neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part UK of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of UK 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the EEA or certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity

--- Page 36 ---
- 29 - 
 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK 
but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(EU) AND/OR under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA 
is certified under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR 
under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and] [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of UK domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"]. 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the 
UK nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 37 ---
- 30 - 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business]/[Not Applicable]/[•]. 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Net Proceeds: 
[The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes]/[•] 
 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[•] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
FISN: 
[[•], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively source from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
CFI Code: 
[[•] as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively source from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
 
(If the FISN and/or CFI code is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):  
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either

--- Page 38 ---
- 31 - 
 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 39 ---
- 32 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Conditions of the Notes which will be inserted by reference into each Global Note 
(as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at 
the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form 
of Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are 
to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Essity Aktiebolag (publ) ("Essity") and Essity Capital B.V. ("Essity 
Capital") (the "Issuers" and each an "Issuer") have established a Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 6,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes") unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by Essity, in respect of Notes issued by Essity Capital only, (in such capacity, 
Essity is referred to as the "Guarantor"). References herein to the "Issuer" shall be 
references to whichever of Essity and Essity Capital is specified as the Issuer in the 
applicable Final Terms (as defined below). If the relevant Issuer of a Series of Notes is 
Essity, references herein to "Guarantor" and "Guarantee of the Notes", and related 
expressions, are not applicable and shall be disregarded in respect of such Series. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. A Tranche 
of Notes will be identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) 
and a Series will include any further Tranche(s) of Notes which are (i) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) except for Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Prices.  Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which 
supplements these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as 
defined below) have the benefit of an agency agreement (such agency agreement as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") dated 6 May 2022 and made between each of Essity, Essity Capital, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the "Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein 
(together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any 
additional or successor paying agents). 
(d) 
Deeds of Covenant: The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are 
entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 7 May 2021 entered into by Essity (the 
"Essity Deed of Covenant") and a deed of covenant dated 7 May 2021 entered into by 
Essity Capital (the "Essity Capital Deed of Covenant" and, together with the Essity Deed 
of Covenant, the ("Deeds of Covenant"). 
(e) 
Deed of Guarantee: Pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 7 May 2021 entered into by the 
Guarantor (the "Deed of Guarantee") the Guarantor has irrevocably and unconditionally 
agreed to guarantee the obligations of Essity Capital under and in relation to Notes issued 
by it (the "Guarantee of the Notes"). 
(f) 
Interpretation: References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this 
Series and shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global 
Note"), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; (ii) any Global 
Note; and (iii) any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note.

--- Page 40 ---
- 33 - 
 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any 
reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Notes repayable in 
instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of principal 
(other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons attached on issue. Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in 
relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and shall, in relation to any Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
"Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to 
"Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant and the applicable Final 
Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement 
(g) 
Copies: Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deeds of Covenant are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available during normal business hours 
for viewing at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents save that, if this Note is 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such 
Notes and identity. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may 
not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may be an Instalment Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon 
the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer 
and the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions 
set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by 
the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance

--- Page 41 ---
- 34 - 
 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Status and 
Guarantee)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank at least pari 
passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) 
of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: The Guarantor has in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. The Guarantee of the Notes constitutes a 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Status 
and Guarantee)) unsecured obligation of the Guarantor which will at all times rank (save 
for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to 
time outstanding. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, neither the Issuer nor, if applicable, the 
Guarantor shall, and each of the Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure that no Principal 
Subsidiary shall, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge or other 
security interest upon the whole or any part of their respective present or future 
undertakings, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital), to secure any (i) existing 
or future Relevant Indebtedness or (ii) guarantee or indemnity in respect of any existing 
or future Relevant Indebtedness of a third party, without in any such case at the same time 
according to the Notes or Guarantee of the Notes (as applicable) either (x) the same 
security as is granted to or is outstanding in respect of such Relevant Indebtedness or (y) 
such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders, provided, however that the foregoing 
restrictions shall not apply to: 
(i) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition 
thereof by the Issuer or the Guarantor, if applicable, or any Principal Subsidiary 
or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Principal 
Subsidiary after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Principal 
Subsidiary, provided that (i) such Security Interest is not created in 
contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming 
a Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such Security Interest shall not 
apply to any other property or assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor, if applicable, 
or any Principal Subsidiary and (iii) such Security Interest shall secure only those 
obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person 
becomes a Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be and extensions, modifications, 
renewals and replacements thereof do not increase the principal amount thereof; 
and 
(ii) 
Security Interests arising from any Project Finance Debt.

--- Page 42 ---
- 35 - 
 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"Person" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint 
venture, association, company, partnership, government authority or other entity; 
"Principal Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of Essity: 
(i) 
of which the turnover or total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary 
which itself has Subsidiaries and which, in the normal course, prepares 
consolidated accounts) represents not less than ten per cent. (10%) of the 
consolidated turnover or the consolidated total assets of Essity and its 
Subsidiaries determined by reference to the latest audited accounts; or 
(ii) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking 
and assets of a Subsidiary of Essity which immediately before the transfer is a 
Principal Subsidiary, 
excluding any Subsidiary at least ten per cent. (10%) of whose equity share capital is listed 
on a recognised stock exchange and which has no debt outstanding which is guaranteed 
by Essity all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A report of independent auditors appointed by Essity that in their opinion a Subsidiary of 
Essity is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified 
period a Principal Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties. 
"Project Finance Debt" means any indebtedness incurred in relation to any asset solely 
for purposes of financing the whole or any part of the acquisition, creation, construction, 
improvement or development of such asset where the financial institutions to whom such 
indebtedness is owed have recourse solely to the applicable project borrower (where such 
project borrower is formed solely or principally for the purpose of the relevant project) 
and/or to such asset (or any derivative asset thereto) or any other similar non-recourse 
indebtedness which is properly regarded as project finance debt; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any loan or other indebtedness in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, notes, bonds, debentures or other securities which are, or are 
to be, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, over-the-
counter or other securities market; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws 
of any jurisdiction; and 
"Subsidiary" means a subsidiary within the meaning of the Swedish Companies Act 
(2005:551). 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.

--- Page 43 ---
- 36 - 
 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form, where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated 
in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and in each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub- unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the 
number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum 
of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; and 
(iii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months) divided by 360.

--- Page 44 ---
- 37 - 
 
In the Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified 
Interest Payment Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the 
number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression 
shall, in the Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(C) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) above shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(1) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; 
or 
(2) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 45 ---
- 38 - 
 
(3) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
In the Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency 
other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country 
of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated 
Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System (the "TARGET2 System") is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest (Screen Rate Determination): 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if no offered quotation appears or 
fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, 
the Issuer (or the Determination Agent) shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide Issuer (or the Determination Agent) with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question 
and the Issuer (or Determination Agent) shall notify the Principal Paying Agent 
of all such quotations received. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Issuer (or the Determination Agent) with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 46 ---
- 39 - 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Issuer (or the Determination Agent) with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines 
as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at 
the request of) the Issuer (or the Determination Agent) by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Issuer (or the Determination Agent) with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Issuer (or the Determination Agent) it is 
quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR), or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is STIBOR) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR or 
STIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition, "Reference Banks" means, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks 
in the Stockholm inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period,

--- Page 47 ---
- 40 - 
 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Agent shall 
calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources the 
Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and 
such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
(iv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest: 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than 
such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) 
above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts: 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest in accordance with this Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes): 
(1) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(2) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 48 ---
- 41 - 
 
(3) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case 
of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(4) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(5) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)]+[30 x(M2- M1)]+(D2- D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls: 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(6) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day count Fraction 
= [360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x(M2- M1)]+ (D2- D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls: 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 49 ---
- 42 - 
 
(7) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day count Fraction 
= [360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x(M2- M1)]+ (D2-D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls: 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 
31 and D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
Benchmark Replacement: 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5 (Interest), if the Issuer 
(in consultation with the Determination Agent (or the person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amount(s)) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred 
when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to a Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser for the determination of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser determines that there is no Successor Rate, an 
alternative rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate") and, in either case, 
an alternative screen page or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later than three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off 
Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 5(b)(vi)); 
(B) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate means an alternative benchmark or 
screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance 
with this Condition 5(b)(vi) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate period and in the Specified Currency; 
(C) 
if (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the IA

--- Page 50 ---
- 43 - 
 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the 
immediate following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there 
has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be 
the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(vi)(C) 
shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any 
subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 5(b)(vi); 
(D) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page is determined in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(vi)(A) or 5(b)(vi)(B), such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the 
benchmark and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5(b)(vi); 
(E) 
if the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer and 
acting in good faith, determines that (1) an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
(2) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(F) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Independent Adviser may also specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, 
Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date 
and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the 
method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order 
to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply 
to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5(b)(vi)); and 
(G) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) give notice thereof and of any 
changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (F) above to the Determination Agent, 
the Paying Agent and the holders of Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative) or a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines should be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable), as a result of the replacement of the relevant 
Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the

--- Page 51 ---
- 44 - 
 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate), the Independent Adviser, 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate) the Independent Adviser 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over- the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry 
standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent 
Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as the case may be). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the 
Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing 
to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue 
publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will 
cease to do so by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the relevant Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been 
or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the relevant Reference Rate that means that such Reference 
Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view 
of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will be, by a 
specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), no longer 
representative of an underlying market or the methodology to 
calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or

--- Page 52 ---
- 45 - 
 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, become unlawful for the Determination Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant 
Benchmark Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), 
(D) or (E) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is 
more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced 
in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer 
at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable): (i) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any 
working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final: 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), whether 
by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable), the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent 
or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or 
nonexercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
This Condition 5(c) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions and the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. The Issuer may issue Notes (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate Note 
to a Floating Rate Note, or from a Floating Rate Note to a Fixed Rate Note or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate Note to a Floating Rate Note, or from a Floating 
Rate Note to a Fixed Rate Note on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
- 46 - 
 
(d) 
Accrual of interest: 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of such Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any 
person which takes over administration of that rate); and 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of Swedish Kronor and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility) 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Swedish Kronor for a number of 
designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of 
historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor). 
6. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment: Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
Payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee 
with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn 
on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively). 
(ii) 
Payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, 
at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons: 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 6(a) (Method of payment) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as 
provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 6(a) (Method of payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in 
accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 6(a) (Method of payment) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement)

--- Page 54 ---
- 47 - 
 
of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be 
presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note to which 
it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do 
not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Note 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of 
such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted 
from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) 
in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and 
no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" 
is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) 
whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon 
provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment 
Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable 
only against surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes: 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record 
shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments: 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect 
of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note 
must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his

--- Page 55 ---
- 48 - 
 
share of each payment so made by the Issuer or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of 
principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a 
Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Payment Day: 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day 
which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation, London and 
any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open. 
(f) 
Interpretation of principal and interest: 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;

--- Page 56 ---
- 49 - 
 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 7(g) (Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable 
by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 8 (Taxation). 
For the purposes of the Conditions, "Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of 
any Note, its principal amount or such other amount (being 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount or higher) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of Sweden or the Netherlands, as applicable, or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Guarantor has or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of the Notes) 
would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Guarantor, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer or (as the case may 
be) the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were 
a payment in respect of the Notes then due or (as the case may be) a 
demand under the Guarantee of the Notes were then made; or

--- Page 57 ---
- 50 - 
 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 
days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before 
the earliest date on which the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand under the 
Guarantee of the Notes were then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, 
the Issuer shall make available to the Noteholders (1) copies of a certificate signed 
by two directors of the Issuer or (as the case may be) two directors of the 
Guarantor, stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer (or as the case may 
be) the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as 
a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) will be 
redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7(g) (Early 
Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call): 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Agent 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of 
a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or, if so provided, some only of the Notes at any time or from time to time (a) 
where no particular period during which Make-Whole Redemption is applicable is 
specified, prior to their Maturity Date, or (b) where Make-Whole Redemption is specified 
as only being applicable for a certain period, during such period, in each case on the date 
for redemption specified in such notice (the "Make-Whole Redemption Date") at the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount. The Make-Whole Redemption Amount will be 
calculated by the Determination Agent and will be: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed 
and (y) the sum of the then present values of each remaining scheduled payments

--- Page 58 ---
- 51 - 
 
of principal and interest on such Notes to maturity or, if Par Call Period is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date (not 
including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
Date on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus the Make-
Whole Redemption Margin, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice of redemption is given shall be redeemed 
on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, 
the date fixed for redemption may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions 
shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may 
not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions 
shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the date 
fixed for redemption, or by the date fixed for redemption so delayed. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed 
Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). 
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not 
less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global 
Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) at least five days prior to 
the Selection Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call): 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the 
Determination Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to either the 
remaining term of the Notes or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Par Call Commencement Date of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time 
of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a 
comparable maturity to either the remaining term of the Notes or, if Par Call Period is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Par Call Commencement Date of the Notes; 
"Determination Agent" means a financial adviser selected by the Issuer; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate 
per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
"Par Call Commencement Date" shall be the first date, as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, on which the Notes may be redeemed without a make whole redemption premium 
(which date shall be the Maturity Date if not otherwise specified);

--- Page 59 ---
- 52 - 
 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected 
Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of 
redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, 
or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; and 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" mean, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, 
as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation 
Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to 
the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Clean-up Call) 
If Issuer Clean-up Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that Notes 
representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, being a percentage of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of that particular Series of Notes (including any Notes which have been 
consolidated and form a single Series therewith)) have been purchased or redeemed and 
cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
(e) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call) 
If Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event, the Issuer may, on giving (i) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices); and (ii) not less than 5 days' notice to the Paying Agent, in each case during 
the Special Redemption Option Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), at its 
option, redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at the Special 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition a "Special Redemption Event" shall be deemed to 
have occurred if Essity (i) has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition 
Target (as specified in the Final Terms) by the Special Redemption Longstop Date (as

--- Page 60 ---
- 53 - 
 
specified in the Final Terms); or (ii) has published an announcement that it no longer 
intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put): 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days' notice, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, 
and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. It may 
be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances 
will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if 
this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to 
the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be 
held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in 
definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the 
right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
For the purpose of Condition 7(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) above and Condition 10 
(Events of Default), each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment 
Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than 
the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in 
which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner 
is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY) y 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360.

--- Page 61 ---
- 54 - 
 
(h) 
Instalments: 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. 
In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined 
pursuant to Condition 7(g) (Early Redemption Amounts) above. 
(i) 
Purchases: 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(j) 
Cancellation: 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). 
All Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7(i) 
(Purchases) above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(k) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 7(a) (Redemption at maturity), (b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), (c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), (d) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Clean-up Call)) or (e) (Redemption upon the occurrence 
of a Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call)) above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the 
amount calculated as provided in Condition 7(g)(ii) above as though the references therein 
to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
(l) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders on change of control (Change of Control Put 
Option): 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, and, if at any time while any Note remains outstanding (i) a Change of Control 
occurs and (ii) within the Change of Control Period (A) (if at the time that the Change of 
Control occurs the Notes are rated by a Rating Agency) a Rating Downgrade in respect of 
that Change of Control occurs, or (B) (if at such time the Notes are not rated) a Negative 
Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs (in either case, a "Put Event"), 
the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event 
Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 7(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
(as defined below) at its principal amount together with (or, where purchased, together 
with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date 
(Put).

--- Page 62 ---
- 55 - 
 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not 
approved by the board of directors or senior management of Essity) that any person 
("Relevant Person") or persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf 
of any such person(s), at any time (A) directly or indirectly acquires more than 50 per cent. 
of the issued ordinary share capital of Essity, or (B) directly or indirectly acquires such 
number of the shares in the capital of Essity carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights exercisable at general meetings of Essity, or (C) are able to give directions with 
respect to the operating and financial policies of Essity with which the directors are 
obliged to comply or (D) are able to appoint or remove all, or the majority of the directors 
or other equivalent officers of Essity, provided that a Change of Control shall not be 
deemed to have occurred: (i) if the shareholders of the Relevant Person are also, or 
immediately prior to the event which would otherwise constitute a Change of Control 
were, all of the shareholders of Essity. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period ending 180 days after the Relevant 
Announcement Date (or such longer period for which the Notes are under consideration 
(such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 180 days 
after the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating 
Agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such 
consideration). 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating of BBB- by S&P or Baa3 by Moody's or their 
equivalent for the time being, or better. 
A "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not on 
or before the 45th Business Day after the relevant Change of Control seek, and use all 
reasonable endeavours to obtain from a Rating Agency, a rating in respect of the Notes or 
(ii) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Change of 
Control Period and as a result of such Change of Control obtained an Investment Grade 
Rating, provided that the Rating Agency publicly announces or publicly confirms in 
writing that its declining to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result, in whole or 
in part, of the applicable Change of Control. 
"Rating Agency" means each of S&P Global Ratings, a division of The McGraw- Hill 
Companies, Inc. ("S&P") and Moody's Investors Service Limited ("Moody's") and their 
successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from 
time to time by Essity. 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of 
Control if within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Notes 
by any Rating Agency is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an Investment Grade Rating 
to a non-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ by S&P/Ba1 by Moody's, or their equivalent for 
the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency 
shall, immediately prior to the Change of Control Period, be below an Investment Grade 
Rating) lowered one full rating category (for example, from BB+ to BB by S&P or Ba1 to 
Ba2 by Moody's or such similar lower or equivalent rating), provided that a Rating 
Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed 
not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency 
making the change in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply does not 
publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result, in whole or in 
part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, 
the applicable Change of Control. 
"Relevant Announcement Date" means the date that is the earlier of (a) the date of the 
first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (b) the date of the earliest 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any). 
"Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public 
announcement or statement by or on behalf of Essity, any actual or potential bidder or any 
adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change

--- Page 63 ---
- 56 - 
 
of Control where within 90 days following the date of such announcement or statement, a 
Change of Control occurs. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
give notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and 
the procedure for exercising the option contained in this Condition 7(l) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders on change of control (Change of Control Put Option)). 
To exercise the option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note 
under this Condition 7(l) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders on change of control 
(Change of Control Put Option))the holder of that Note must, if the Note is in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver such Note, on any 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6 (Payments)) in the city of the specified office of 
the relevant Paying Agent falling within the period (the "Put Period") of 45 days after a 
Put Event Notice is given, at the specified office of any Paying Agent, accompanied by a 
duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Option Notice") and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by 
cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7(l) (Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders on change of control (Change of Control Put Option)). The 
Note should be delivered together with all Coupons appertaining thereto maturing after 
the date (the "Optional Redemption Date (Put)") which is the seventh day after the last 
day of the Put Period, failing which an amount will be deducted from the payment to be 
made by the Issuer on redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of the Notes 
corresponding to the aggregate amount payable in respect of such missing Coupons. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as 
the case may be, purchase of a Note under this Condition 7(l) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders on change of control (Change of Control Put Option)) the holder of the 
Note must, within the Put Period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any common depositary for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is 
represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the 
relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
The Paying Agent to which such Note and Put Option Notice are delivered or the Agent, 
as the case may be, will issue to the holder concerned a non-transferable receipt (a "Put 
Option Receipt") in respect of the Note so delivered or, in the case of a Global Note or 
Note in definitive form held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notice so 
received. The Issuer shall redeem or at the option of the Issuer purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) the Notes in respect of which Put Option Receipts have been issued on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), unless previously redeemed and purchased. Payment in 
respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account 
in the Put Option Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) by transfer to that bank account and in every other case on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), in each case against presentation and surrender or (as the case 
may be) endorsement of such Put Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(l) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders on change of control (Change of Control Put Option)). 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer 
or, if applicable, the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
Sweden or the Netherlands, as applicable, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event,

--- Page 64 ---
- 57 - 
 
the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons 
after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the 
case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with Sweden or the Netherlands, as 
applicable, other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6(e) (Payment Day)); or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to the Luxembourg law of 
23 December 2005 (as amended) on the taxation of income received by individuals 
resident in Luxembourg; or 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021) as published in the Official Gazette (Staatsblad) Stb. 
2019, 513 of 27 December 2019; or 
(e) 
by a Holder which is liable any such withholding or deduction imposed or required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
As used herein: 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice 
to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions of the Notes, none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), any paying agent or any other person shall be required to pay any 
additional amounts with respect to any withholding or deduction imposed on or with respect to any 
Note pursuant to Section 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("FATCA"), 
any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance implementing FATCA, or any agreement (or 
related guidance) between the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), a paying agent or any other 
person and the United States, any other jurisdiction, or any authority of any of the foregoing 
implementing FATCA. 
9. 
Prescription 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period 
of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(b) 
(Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 6(b).

--- Page 65 ---
- 58 - 
 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default: 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and 
be continuing: 
(i) 
Failure to Pay: the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor fails to pay any 
amount of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and such 
default continues for the period of five business days next following the service 
by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(ii) 
Other Obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of 
its other obligations under or in respect of the Conditions or the Guarantee of the 
Notes and (except in any case where such failure is incapable of remedy when no 
such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the 
failure continues for the period of 30 business days next following the service by 
a Noteholder on the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
Cross Acceleration: 
(a) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any Material Subsidiary, is declared, due and payable prior to its 
scheduled maturity as a result of a default thereunder; 
(b) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any Material Subsidiary, is not paid when due and called upon or within 
any originally applicable grace period therefor; 
(c) 
any security given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiaries, for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money is enforced; 
provided that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default unless (A) the 
aggregate amount of such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or other relative 
liability in respect of which any of the events mentioned in this paragraph (iii) 
have occurred and have not been satisfied exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and (B) such indebtedness is not contested in good 
faith by appropriate means and further provided that none of the events 
mentioned in this paragraph (iii) shall constitute an Event of Default where they 
arise in respect of a recently acquired Material Subsidiary as a direct result of such 
acquisition; or 
(iv) 
Winding-up: if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for 
the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
Material Subsidiary (save, in the case of the Issuer or the Guarantor, for the 
purposes of a reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution, or, in the case of a Material Subsidiary, for the purposes of a 
reorganisation whilst solvent) and in either case save where the action giving rise 
to such events is being contested in good faith and by all appropriate means; or 
(v) 
Cessation of Business and Insolvency: if the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part 
of its business, (save, in the case of the Issuer or the Guarantor, for the purposes 
of a reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
or, in the case of a Material Subsidiary, for the purposes of a reorganisation whilst 
solvent), or the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, stops or 
threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts 
(or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts 
pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or

--- Page 66 ---
- 59 - 
 
(vi) 
Execution or Distress: if (a) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, under any applicable liquidation, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is 
made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, or, as the case may be, in 
relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of 
them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of 
the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force 
against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them 
and (b) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not 
discharged within 30 days; or 
(vii) 
Rescheduling: if the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, initiates or 
consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or 
other arrangement with any one or more of its creditors with a view to the general 
readjustment or rescheduling of the indebtedness or any meeting is convened to 
consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors); or 
(viii) 
Repudiation: the Issuer repudiates its obligations in respect of the Notes or the 
Guarantor repudiates its obligations under the Deed of Guarantee, or the Issuer or 
the Guarantor causes to be done any act or thing which evidences any intention 
to repudiate such obligations; or 
(ix) 
Validity and Admissibility: at any time any act, condition or thing required to be 
done, fulfilled or performed in order (a) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, 
exercise its rights under and perform the obligations expressed to be assumed by 
it under and in respect of the Notes, (b) to ensure that those obligations are legal, 
valid binding and enforceable or (c) to make the Notes and the Coupons 
admissible in evidence in the jurisdiction of its incorporation is not done, fulfilled 
or performed; or 
(x) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of any jurisdiction has 
a similar or analogous effect to any of those events mentioned in Condition 10(iv) 
(Winding-up), (v) (Cessation of Business and Insolvency), (vi) (Execution or 
Distress) and (vii) (Rescheduling) above; or 
(xi) 
Essity Capital: if, in the case of Notes issued by Essity Capital, it ceases to be a 
subsidiary wholly owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by Essity; or 
(xii) 
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Notes is not (or is claimed by the 
Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect, 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice addressed by the Noteholder to the Issuer and, 
if applicable, the Guarantor at the specified office of the Agent, effective upon the date of 
receipt by the Agent, declare any Note held by it to be immediately due and payable, 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment without further action or 
formality of any kind. 
(b) 
Definitions: 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures,

--- Page 67 ---
- 60 - 
 
debenture stock, loan stock or other securities or any borrowed money or any liability 
under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit; 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of Essity: 
(A) 
of which the turnover or total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary 
which itself has Subsidiaries and which, in the normal course, prepares 
consolidated accounts) represents not less than ten per cent. (10%) of the 
consolidated turnover or the consolidated total assets of Essity and its 
Subsidiaries determined by reference to the latest audited accounts; or 
(B) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking 
and assets of a Subsidiary of Essity which immediately before the transfer is a 
Principal Subsidiary, 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A report by two directors of Essity that in their opinion a Subsidiary of Essity is or is not 
or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Material 
Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
Such report may, if requested, be accompanied by a report from the auditors of Essity 
addressed to the directors of Essity as to proper extraction of figures used by the directors 
of Essity in determining a Material Subsidiary as to mathematical accuracy of the 
calculations. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons And Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other 
than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6(d) (General provisions 
applicable to payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect 
(other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any 
entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to 
which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent.

--- Page 68 ---
- 61 - 
 
13. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (ii) if and for so long as 
the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, http://www.luxse.com, and in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg. 
It is expected that such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London and the 
Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in 
a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to 
be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the 
same, together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any 
holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification And Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor (acting 
together) and shall be convened by the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor (acting together) if 
required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of 
the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-
third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not 
they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders.

--- Page 69 ---
- 62 - 
 
The Agent, the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or 
the Agency Agreement which is in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer not prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which 
is in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
16. 
Substitution 
The Issuer, or any previously substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the 
Coupons, Essity (where the Issuer is not already Essity) or a Subsidiary of Essity (the "Substitute") 
in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement, provided that no payment in respect of the 
Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll 
(the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in the form exhibited to the Agency Agreement, and may 
take place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement mutatis mutandis, as if 
it had been an original party thereto and the Substitute shall enter into a deed of covenant 
on the same terms as the applicable Deed of Covenant, mutatis mutandis; 
(ii) 
where the Substitute is not Essity, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, 
the Agency Agreement, the applicable Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons 
(together, the "Documents") shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Essity substantially in the form of the Deed of Guarantee; 
(iii) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, 
the applicable Deed of Covenant, the Notes and Coupons, mutatis mutandis represent 
legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the 
Deed Poll have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(iv) 
where the Substitute is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a 
territory other than Sweden or the Netherlands, the Documents shall contain a covenant 
and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder has the 
benefit of a covenant in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Prescription) with the substitution of the references Sweden or the Netherlands, as 
applicable, with references to the territory in which the Substitute is incorporated, 
domiciled and/or resident for taxation purposes; 
(v) 
the Substitute, if incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England, shall have appointed 
an agent to receive, for and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings (as defined 
in Condition 19(b) (Submission to jurisdiction) in England; 
(vi) 
each listing authority and stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then admitted 
to listing or trading shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, the 
Notes will be admitted to listing or trading by such listing authority or stock exchange; 
(vii) 
a copy of legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed 
to Essity and the Substitute, as applicable, shall have been delivered to the Agent from a 
lawyer or firm of lawyers (a) in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substitute, to the 
effect that the Substitute has the capacity and authority to enter into the Documents and 
perform the obligations set out therein, and has obtained all necessary corporate or other 
approvals to assume all such obligations; (b) in the jurisdiction of incorporation of Essity

--- Page 70 ---
- 63 - 
 
to the effect that it has the capacity and authority to enter into a deed of guarantee and 
perform the obligations set out therein, and has obtained all necessary corporate or other 
approvals to assume all such obligations, if a guarantee is required pursuant to (ii) above, 
and (c) in England to the effect that the Documents and the deed of guarantee, if 
applicable, (to the extent to which each is a party) constitute legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and/or Essity, as applicable; and 
(viii) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of such substitution to the Noteholders stating that copies, or, pending 
execution, the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution which are 
referred to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to 
Noteholders, will be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents. 
References in Condition 10 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to 
include obligations under the Deed Poll. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
Governing Law and Submission To Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: 
The Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee, the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction: 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders, 
the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of England are to have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes, 
the Receipts and/or the Coupons and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings 
(together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons may be brought in such courts. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it 
may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such 
court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum 
and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in 
the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the 
courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor 
shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not to the extent that the 
bringing of such proceedings is not contrary to relevant law.

--- Page 71 ---
- 64 - 
 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent: 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor appoints Essity UK Holdings Limited at its registered 
office at Southfields Road, Dunstable, Bedfordshire LU6 3EJ (Attention: The Secretary) 
as its agent for service of process, and undertake that, in the event of Essity UK Holdings 
Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, they will appoint another 
person as their agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted 
by law. 
(d) 
Other documents: 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has (in respect of the documents to which they are a 
party) in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deeds of Covenant 
submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of 
process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 72 ---
- 65 - 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes unless, in respect of an issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, in which case the use of proceeds will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call) is specified in the Final Terms as "Applicable", the use of 
proceeds for acquisition consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms may also state the potential use for general corporate 
purposes or other purposes if the Special Redemption Event occurs but the relevant Issuer elects not to 
exercise the Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call).

--- Page 73 ---
- 66 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ESSITY AND THE GROUP 
Overview of the Group 
Essity is a leading global hygiene and health company that develops, produces and sells products and 
solutions within the following business areas; Health & Medical, Consumer Goods and Professional 
Hygiene. Sales are conducted in about 150 countries under many strong brands, including the leading global 
brands TENA and Tork, and other brands, such as JOBST, Knix, Leukoplast, Libero, Libresse, Lotus, 
Nosotras, Saba, Tempo, TOM Organic, Vinda and Zewa. For 2022 the Company reported net sales of SEK 
156 billion. Europe is Essity's largest market and the Company also holds strong positions in North 
America, Latin America and Asia. Essity has its headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden and had approximately 
48,000 employees as of December 31, 2022. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had a market 
capitalisation of SEK 192 billion. 
Essity is the parent company in the Group, holding directly or indirectly a large number of operating and 
other subsidiaries established in countries worldwide (including but not limited to Europe, North America, 
Latin America and Asia). Essity is a listed company at Nasdaq Stockholm ("Nasdaq"), with its shares 
admitted to trading at the exchange's main market. Subject to the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, Essity is 
not directly or indirectly owned or controlled. As of 31 March 2023, Essity's top ten largest shareholders 
were:  
 
No. of A 
Shares 
No. of B 
Shares 
Votes  
Holding  
 
 
 
(%) 
(%) 
AB Industrivärden  
33,257,000 
38,400,000 
29.6 
10.2 
Norges Bank Investment Management  
5,810,262 
25,376,510 
6.7 
4.4 
AMF Försäkring & Fonder  
7,250,000 
8,922,975 
6.5 
2.3 
MFS Investment Management  
0 
35,039,178 
2.8 
5.0 
Swedbank Robur Fonder  
0 
31,097,911 
2.5 
4.4 
Skandia  
2,007,876 
4,040,323 
1.9 
0.9 
Handelsbanken Fonder  
0 
18,210,962 
1.4 
2.6 
Nordea Investment Funds  
0 
12,145,395 
1.0 
1.7 
SCA AB's och Essity Aktiebolags (publ) Personalstiftelser  
982,845 
74,406 
0.8 
0.1 
Folksam 
0 
8,564,290 
0.7 
1.2 
 
Essity Capital B.V. is a fully owned subsidiary of Essity, established in the Netherlands for the sole purpose 
of being an issuer of debt instruments or to engage, where relevant, in other treasury related operations. 
Business Areas 
Essity is active in an attractive hygiene and health market with leading market positions and strong brands 
in the company's three business areas: Health & Medical, Consumer Goods and Professional Hygiene. 
Within the respective business areas' customer and sales channels, Essity is broadening its solutions for 
improved well-being for customers and consumers and investing in long-term, rising value creation. 
Health & Medical 
The Health & Medical business area comprises the categories "Incontinence Products Health Care" and 
"Medical Solutions" that are sold to family caregivers, professional caregivers, patients and consumers via 
pharmacies, medical device stores, hospitals, distributors, care institutions and e-commerce. 
In "Incontinence Products Health Care", with the globally leading brand TENA, Essity offers a broad range 
of incontinence products that also includes skincare products, wet wipes, wash gloves and digital solutions 
with sensor technology, with sales in the healthcare sector.  
In the "Medical Solutions" category, Essity offers products and services in wound care, compression 
therapy and orthopedics.  
In acute wound care, plasters and bandages for minor wound care are offered primarily under the Leukoplast 
brand. In advanced wound care, bandages and digital services for more severe wounds, such as chronic 
wounds, post-operative wounds and pressure sores, are offered under the Cutimed and Sorbact brands.

--- Page 74 ---
- 67 - 
 
In compression therapy, compression garments are offered such as stockings and arm sleeves that can be 
used for medical and chronic conditions, during exercise or for longer trips to prevent swelling caused by 
the accumulation of fluid in the body.  
Within orthopedics, solutions are offered for skeletal, muscular and joint injuries including casts, splints, 
athletic tape and leg and knee braces. 
Consumer Goods 
The Consumer Goods business area includes the categories "Incontinence Products Retail", "Baby Care", 
"Feminine Care" and "Consumer Tissue", which are sold via the retail trade and e-commerce sales. 
In "Incontinence Products Retail", with the globally leading brand TENA, Essity offers a broad range of 
incontinence products including Lights by TENA for light incontinence and TENA for Men, incontinence 
products specially designed for men. Essity also sells leakproof apparel under the TENA, TENA for Men, 
Knix and Modibodi brands. For the Knix and Modibodi brands, the majority of sales are "direct-to-
consumer". The TENA brand also has its own webshops developed to help Essity's consumers with 
information about incontinence and the solutions available, and to order and have products delivered.  
In "Baby Care", Essity offers open baby diapers and pant diapers as well as baby care products such as wet 
wipes, shampoo, lotion and baby oil. In 2022, Essity launched a climate-smart diaper consisting of a 
washable cloth diaper and absorbent insert.  
In "Feminine Care", Essity offers a broad product portfolio that includes pads, panty liners, tampons, 
intimate soaps, intimate wipes, leakproof apparel and menstrual cups.  
In "Consumer Tissue", Essity offers toilet paper, household towels, handkerchiefs, facial tissues, wet wipes 
and napkins. 
Professional Hygiene 
The Professional Hygiene business area comprises the categories "Tissue, Services & Solutions", "Wiping 
& Cleaning" and "Soaps & Sanitizers" that are sold to companies and office buildings, universities, 
healthcare facilities, industries, restaurants, hotels, stadiums and other public venues – direct to the end-
customer, e-commerce or via distributors. 
With the globally leading Tork brand, Essity is the world’s largest supplier of hygiene solutions in 
professional hygiene.  
In "Tissue, Services & Solutions", Essity offers toilet paper, paper hand towels, napkins, reusable cloths, 
dispensers, service and maintenance, and digital solutions with sensor technology, such as Tork Vision 
Cleaning, data-driven cleaning. 
In "Wiping & Cleaning", Essity offers wipers and cloths for keeping surfaces clean and disinfected. In 
2022, Essity acquired the US company Legacy Converting, Inc. to expand its range of Wiping & Cleaning 
solutions and further strengthen its presence in the North American market. 
In "Soaps & Sanitizers", Essity offers soaps, lotions, sanitizers and dispensers.. 
Group History 
The Group was part of the Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ) ("SCA") corporate group prior to 
the demerger of the Group from SCA in 2017, as further described below. 
SCA was incorporated in Sweden on 14 June 1915 and from 1929 was a holding company for ten forest 
industry companies that produced sawn timber products and pulp used for paper production in northern 
Sweden. These companies continued to operate as independent units until 1954 when they were merged 
into one company, SCA. SCA was listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange (Nasdaq Stockholm) in 1950. 
SCA expanded into other business areas and expanded its geographic presence. SCA developed its business 
and formed a leading global hygiene and forest company. The hygiene business accounted for 86 per cent.

--- Page 75 ---
- 68 - 
 
of the SCA group's 2016 net sales and the forest products business accounted for 14 per cent. for the same 
period. 
In April 2017, the Annual General Meeting of SCA decided, in accordance with the Board of Directors' 
proposal, to distribute all shares in Essity (formerly known as SCA Hygiene AB (publ)) to SCA's 
shareholders.  In June 2017, Essity was listed on Nasdaq and the Issuer's Class A and Class B shares 
commenced trading. 
In April 2017, the acquisition of BSN medical was completed, a leading global medical solutions company. 
BSN medical develops, manufactures and sells products within wound care, compression therapy and 
orthopaedics. BSN medical is included in the business area Heath & Medical and consolidated in the 
Group's financial statements. 
The Group's strategy 
The Group's vision states that it is dedicated to improving well-being through leading hygiene and health 
solutions. The Group's mission is to sustainably develop, produce, market and sell value-added products 
and services within hygiene and health. 
The Group's objectives are to: 
 
generate increased shareholder value through profitable growth; 
 
enable more people every day to enjoy a fuller life; 
 
contribute to a sustainable and circular society; and 
 
enable its employees to realise their full potential, as part of one winning team. 
The Group's strategies are to: 
 
continue the transformation journey; 
 
innovate leading brands; 
 
accelerate digitalization; 
 
lead in sustainability; and 
 
grow in emerging markets. 
Corporate Information 
Essity is a limited liability company operating under the laws of Sweden which was incorporated on 5 
August 1988. Essity is registered in the Swedish Company Register (Sw. Bolagsregistret) – operated by the 
Swedish Companies Registration Office - with company number 556325-5511. The address of its registered 
office is P.O. Box 200, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden and the phone number of the registered office is + 
46 8 788 51 00. 
Organisational Structure 
Essity is organised into four business units and three global units. The presidents of each of the business 
and global units form Essity's executive management team together with the chief executive officer and the 
heads of each staff function. Essity's five staff functions are "Communications", "Finance", "Human 
Resources", "Legal affairs" and "Strategy & Business Development". 
Essity's four business units are as follows: 
 
Consumer Goods Americas 
This business unit markets and sells products in the categories of "Consumer Tissue", "Baby Care", 
"Feminine Care" and "Incontinence Products Retail" in Latin America and North America.

--- Page 76 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
Consumer Goods EMEA 
This business unit markets and sells products in the categories of "Consumer Tissue", "Baby Care", 
"Feminine Care" and "Incontinence Products Retail" in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. 
 
Health and Medical  
This business unit markets and sells products in the category of "Incontinence Products Health 
Care" in Europe, North America, the Middle East and Africa,  and markets and sells products in 
the category of "Medical Solutions" in Asia, Oceania, Europe, North America, Latin America, the 
Middle East and Africa. 
 
Professional Hygiene 
This business unit markets and sells complete hygiene solutions as well as service and maintenance 
in Europe, North America, Latin America the Middle East and Africa. 
Essity's three global units are as follows: 
 
Global Brand, Innovation and Sustainability 
Global Brand, Innovation and Sustainability has global responsibility for customer and consumer 
brands, innovation and sustainability and public affairs. 
 
Global Supply Chain 
Global Supply Chain has global responsibility for sourcing, production, technology, logistics and 
distribution in relation to all product categories with the exception of Medical Solutions. 
 
Global Digital & Business Services 
Global Operational Services has global responsibility for business services IT and digitalization. 
Directors and Senior Managers 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Essity's executive management team ("Senior Management") is as 
follows: 
Executive Management Team 
Name 
Born 
Title 
Education 
Magnus Groth  
1963  
President, Chief Executive Officer  
MSc ME, MBA 
Fredrik Rystedt  
1963  
Executive Vice President and CFO  
MSc Econ  
Pablo Fuentes 
1973 
President, Professional Hygiene 
MSc, MBA 
Donato Giorgio 
1973 
President, Global Supply Chain 
MSc Mechanical Engineering 
Ulrika Kolsrud 
1970 
President, 
Health 
and 
Medical 
Solutions 
MSc Chemical Engineering 
Andres Gomez  
1977 
President, Consumer Goods 
MBA and MSc Eng 
Mikael Schmidt  
1960 
Senior 
Vice 
President, 
Group 
Function 
Legal 
Affairs, 
General 
Counsel and Secretary of the board  
Master of Laws  
Volker Zöller  
1967 
President, Consumer Goods EMEA 
Bsc BA 
Tuomas Yrjölä 
1978  
President, Global Brand, Innovation 
and Sustainability 
MSc Econ, BA 
Anna Sävinger Åslund 
1969  
Senior 
Vice 
President, 
Group 
Function Human Resources  
BSc Human Resources

--- Page 77 ---
- 70 - 
 
Name 
Born 
Title 
Education 
Sahil Tesfu 
1982 
Senior Vice President, Group function 
Strategy & Business Development 
MBA Business Administration 
 
In February 2023, Joséphine Edwall Björklund stepped down from her role as Chief Communication 
Officer and member of Essity's executive management team. Essity expects her replacement, Jessica Alm, 
to be appointed during the second half on 2023. 
 
In April 2023, Essity announced Carl-Magnus Månsson had been appointed as its Chief Digital and 
Information Officer and a member of the executive management team. It is expected Mr. Månsson will 
start his role on 15 May 2023. 
 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Essity's board of directors ("Board of Directors") is as follows: 
 
Name 
Born 
Title 
Other board Membership 
Pär Boman 
1961 
Chairman of the Board of Essity since 
2016 (elected in Svenska Cellulosa 
Aktiebolaget SCA 2010) 
Chairman of the Boards of Svenska 
Cellulosa 
Aktiebolaget 
SCA 
and 
Handelsbanken. Deputy Chairman of the 
Boards of AB Industrivärden and 
Member of the Board of Skanska AB 
Ewa Björling 
1961 
Essity board member since 2016 
(elected in Svenska Cellulosa 
Aktiebolaget SCA 2016) 
Chairman of the Boards of Xolaris AB. 
Member of the boards of Biogaia AB, 
Mobilaris AB and MD International AB 
(Min Doktor) 
Annemarie Gardshol  
1967 
Essity board member since 2016 
(elected in Svenska Cellulosa 
Aktiebolaget SCA 2015) 
President of PostNord Sverige AB and 
Member of the Board of Svenska 
Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA 
Magnus Groth 
1963 
President and CEO of Essity. Board 
member since 2016 (elected in 
Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA 
2015) 
President and CEO of Essity 
Barbara 
Milian 
Thoralfsson 
1959 
Essity board member since 2016 
(elected 
in 
Svenska 
Cellulosa 
Aktiebolaget SCA 2006) 
Member of the Boards of Hilti AG, 
Exclusive Networks SA and Svenska 
Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA 
Bert Nordberg 
1956 
Essity board member since 2016 
(elected in Svenska Cellulosa 
Aktiebolaget SCA 2012) 
Chairman of the Board of Vestas Wind 
Systems AS. Member of the Boards of 
Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA 
and SAAB 
Torbjörn Lööf 
1965 
Essity board member since 2021 
Member of the Board of AB Blåkläder  
Maria Carell 
1973 
Essity board member since 2023 
Member of the Board of RG Holdco 
 
Jan Gurander 
1961 
Essity board member since 2023 
Member of the Board of Skanska 
 
Susanna Lind 
1966 
Operator at Essity Hygiene and Health 
AB, Falkenberg. Appointed by the 
employees 2019 
Member of the Swedish Trade Union 
Confederation (LO) 
Örjan Svensson 
1963 
Senior Industrial Safety 
Representative at Essity Hygiene and 
Health AB, Lilla Edet. Appointed by 
the employees 2017 (appointed in 
SCA 2005). 
Member of the Swedish Trade Union 
Confederation (LO)

--- Page 78 ---
- 71 - 
 
Name 
Born 
Title 
Other board Membership 
Niclas Thulin 
1976 
IT 
Specialist 
Collaboration 
& 
Workplace at Essity Hygiene & 
Health AB, Gothenburg. Appointed 
by the employees 2017. 
Member of the Council for Negotiation 
and Cooperation (PTK) 
 
As far as is known to Essity, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to Essity of the Board 
of Directors and Senior Management listed above and their private interests or other duties in respect of 
their management roles. 
There are no principal activities performed by the Senior Management outside Essity, where such activities 
are significant with respect to Essity. The business address for each of the persons listed under Senior 
Management and Board of Directors is the registered office of Essity, which is P.O. Box 200, SE-101 23 
Stockholm, Sweden. 
Recent Developments 
On 26 April 2023, Essity decided to initiate a strategic review of its ownership of the Asian hygiene 
company, Vinda International Holdings Ltd and the Consumer Tissue Private Label Europe business with 
the aim of reducing Consumer Tissue's share of the company's total sales. 
Essity continuously evaluates the product portfolios within the company's three business areas, Health & 
Medical, Consumer Goods and Professional Hygiene, to achieve increased long-term value creation. The 
strategic review includes exploring different options and may result in divestments, although no such 
decisions have been taken as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 79 ---
- 72 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ESSITY CAPITAL 
Essity Capital was incorporated as a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met 
beperkte aansprakelijkheid) for an indefinite duration under the laws of the Netherlands on 14 April 2021. 
Essity Capital has its corporate seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, its registered office 
at Arnhemse Bovenweg 120, 3708AH Zeist, the Netherlands and its postal address is Postbus 670, 3700AR 
Zeist and telephone number is +31 (0)30-6984600. Essity Capital is registered with the Commercial 
Register (Handelsregister) of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under registration number 82525897. Its 
articles of association (Statuten) are dated 14 April 2021. 
Essity Capital is a wholly owned subsidiary of Essity. Essity Capital has no subsidiaries. 
According to article 3 of its articles of association, Essity Capital provides a range of treasury management 
services and acts as a financing vehicle for Essity in the international capital markets. Essity has provided 
a guarantee in connection with the Notes to be issued by Essity Capital under the Programme. 
Essity Capital's financial year will end on 31 December in each year.  
The issued share capital of Essity Capital amounts to two million (2,000,000) ordinary shares (each with a 
par value of euro 1), which have been fully paid up. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of managing directors ("Board of Managing Directors") 
of Essity Capital is as follows: 
Name 
Born 
Title 
Johan Gunnar Rydin 
27 October 1960 
Director A 
Per Magnus Johansson 
22 December 1965 
Director A 
Marten Schut 
5 November 1984 
Director B 
Freek van den Ham 
23 December 1980 
Director B 
 
The directors of Essity Capital do not have any significant external appointments outside of Essity Capital 
or Essity. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Managing Directors is Arnhemse Bovenweg 120, 
3708AH Zeist. There are no conflicts of interests or potential conflicts of interests between the duties to 
Essity Capital of each of the members of the Board of Managing Directors listed above and their private 
interests or other duties.

--- Page 80 ---
- 73 - 
 
TAXATION 
Swedish Taxation  
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to holders of Notes. The 
summary is based on the laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general 
information only. The summary does not address, inter alia, situations where the Notes are held in an 
investment savings account (Sw. investeringssparkonto) or the rules regarding reporting obligations for, 
among others, payers of interest. Further, the summary does not address credit of foreign taxes. Investors 
should consult their professional tax advisers regarding the Swedish tax and other tax consequences 
(including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the avoidance of double taxation) of acquiring, 
owning and disposing of the Notes in their particular circumstances. 
Holders not tax resident in Sweden 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes 
to the holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided that such a holder (i) is 
not resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and (ii) does not have a permanent establishment in 
Sweden to which the Notes are effectively connected. Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, 
is not imposed on payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for 
Swedish tax purposes, except for certain payments of interest (and other return on Notes) to a private 
individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) who is resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes (see 
"Holders tax resident in Sweden" below). 
However, broadly speaking, provided that the value of or the return on the Notes relates to securities taxed 
as shares, private individuals who have been residents of Sweden for tax purposes due to a habitual abode 
in Sweden or a continuous stay in at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten 
calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption are liable for capital gains taxation in Sweden 
upon disposal or redemption of such Notes. In a number of cases though, the applicability of this rule is 
limited by the applicable tax treaty for the avoidance of double taxation. 
Holders tax resident in Sweden 
In general, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) with 
residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (for example income that is considered 
to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. Specific tax 
consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, for example life-insurance 
companies. Further, specific tax consequences may be applicable if, and to the extent that, a holder of Notes 
realises a capital loss on the Notes and to any currency exchange gains or losses. 
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled in 
Sweden, including a Swedish branch, or in certain cases a clearing institution within the EEA, to a private 
individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, 
Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld by the legal entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary 
taxes should normally also be withheld on other returns on Notes (but not capital gains), if the return is paid 
out together with such a payment of interest referred to above. 
Dutch Taxation 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which changes could have retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold 
or dispose of Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below it is assumed that a holder 
of Notes, being an individual or a non-resident entity, does not have nor will have a substantial interest 
(aanmerkelijk belang), or — in the case of such holder being an entity — a deemed substantial interest, in 
Essity Capital and that no connected person (verbonden persoon) to the holder has or will have a 
substantial interest in Essity Capital.

--- Page 81 ---
- 74 - 
 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, either 
alone or together with the individual's partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or (b) certain 
relatives of such individual or the individual's partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have (i) 
the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5 per cent. 
or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and outstanding 
capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit 
participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the 
liquidation proceeds of such company.  
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, directly or 
indirectly has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the 
issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain 
rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the 
annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company. Generally, an entity has a deemed substantial 
interest in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of a 
substantial interest on a non-recognition basis. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, the term "entity" means a 
corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of Notes, an individual holding Notes or an entity holding Notes, 
such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic interest 
in such Notes or otherwise being regarded as owning Notes for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for 
purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party such 
as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settlor, grantor 
or similar originator or the beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Where the summary refers to "the Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to Notes, such reference includes Coupons and Talons. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes. 
Withholding tax 
All payments of principal and interest by Essity Capital under the Notes can be made without withholding 
or deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or 
any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, unless the Notes qualify as equity of Essity 
Capital for Dutch tax purposes and save that Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) 
payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of Essity Capital if such entity (i) is considered 
to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the annually updated Dutch Regulation on low-
taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-
coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in 
such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main 
purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the 
recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower tier) 
entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction 
of residence of a participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats 
the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or more) 
of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to the participant directly, or (v) is not treated as 
resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021).

--- Page 82 ---
- 75 - 
 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding Notes which is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch corporate tax 
purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of income 
or a capital gain derived from the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25.8 per cent. in 2023). 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding Notes who is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch income tax 
purposes will generally be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from 
the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.50 per cent. in 2023) if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits 
(other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat 
uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), 
including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, 
actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, the individual will generally be subject to Dutch income tax on the 
basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from the Notes. For the 
fiscal year 2023, separate deemed return percentages for savings, debts and investments apply, 6.17 per 
cent. for the category investments (including the Notes), as at the beginning of the relevant fiscal year. The 
applicable percentages will be updated annually on the basis of historic market yields. Subject to certain 
anti-abuse provisions, the product of an amount equal to (a) the total deemed return divided by the sum of 
savings, debts and investments and (b) the sum of savings, debts and investments minus a tax-free 
allowance, forms the individual's taxable income from savings and investments (including the Notes) for 
2023 and will be taxed at the prevailing statutory rate (32 per cent. in 2023).   
Non-residents 
A holder of Notes which is not and is not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the relevant tax 
purposes will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from the Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either effectively 
managed in the Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or 
a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in the Netherlands and the holder 
derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous 
activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in the Netherlands as defined in the 
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that 
exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of Notes by way of gift by, 
or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the holder is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions.

--- Page 83 ---
- 76 - 
 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of Notes in respect of payments in consideration for 
the issue or acquisition of Notes, payments of principal or interest under the Notes, or payments in 
consideration for a disposal of Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in the Netherlands 
by a holder of Notes in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal 
proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of the Netherlands) of the Notes or the 
performance of Essity Capital's obligations under the Notes. 
Residence 
A holder of Notes will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch taxation, 
by reason only of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has ceased to 
participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which, remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number 
of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of the Issuers) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment". Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 84 ---
- 77 - 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 5 May 2023 (such programme 
agreement as further supplemented and/or restated from time to time being the "Programme Agreement"), 
agreed with the Issuers a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations 
under a subscription agreement prior to the closing of the issue of any relevant Notes. Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In 
the Programme Agreement, the Issuers and the Guarantor, if applicable, have agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities 
Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than 
in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act and in accordance 
with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuers and the Guarantor for use in connection with the 
offer and sale of the Notes outside the United States. The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers reserve the 
right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus 
does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any 
non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United 
States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuers and/or the 
Guarantor of any its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited. 
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail 
investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 85 ---
- 78 - 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State: 
(a) 
Qualified Investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor for any such offer; 
or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuers or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Relevant Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 86 ---
- 79 - 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
relevant Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Sweden  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or 
purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy or sell any Notes or distribute any draft or definitive 
document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in Sweden except in circumstances that will not 
result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
However, to the extent such Dealer intends to make a Non-exempt Offer, such offer will be made in 
accordance with the requirements in the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest 
does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or 
spaarbewijzen as defined in The Netherlands Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, the 
"SCA")) may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands 
through the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due 
observance of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration 
requirements). No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such Notes to 
the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a 
profession or business and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are physically issued outside The 
Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The Netherlands. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on 
which no interest is due whatsoever.

--- Page 87 ---
- 80 - 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(c)(ii)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes 
or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own 
expense.  Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by 
the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuers, 
the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer

--- Page 88 ---
- 81 - 
 
be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuers and the Guarantor. 
Any such supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement 
or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 89 ---
- 82 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The update of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of 
Essity passed on 22 April 2021 and a resolution of the Board of Managing Directors Essity Capital 
passed on 19 April 2022. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor has obtained or will obtain from 
time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Notes and the giving of the Guarantee.   
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which Essity is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Group of Essity.   
3. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which Essity Capital is aware), which may have, or have had 
during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Group or Essity Capital.   
Significant or Material Change 
4. 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Essity and 
its subsidiaries. Since 31 March 2023, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or performance of Essity and its subsidiaries.  
5. 
Since 31 December 2022 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Essity 
Capital. Since 31 December 2022, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
performance of Essity Capital.  
Independent Auditors  
6. 
The independent auditors of Essity are Ernst & Young AB, which are regulated by the Swedish 
Inspectorate of Auditors (Sw. Revisorsinspektionen). The consolidated financial statements of 
Essity for the two financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 2022 have been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU ("IFRS") and 
audited in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden with unqualified 
opinions reported thereon by Ernst & Young AB. Ernst & Young AB is a member of FAR (the 
institute for the accountancy profession in Sweden). 
7. 
The independent auditors of Essity Capital are Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, which are 
regulated by the AFM (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten). Essity Capital was incorporated 
on 14 April 2021 and its first financial year ended on 31 December 2021. The financial statements 
of Essity Capital for the two financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 2022 have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU 
("IFRS") and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, and audited in accordance with Dutch 
law, including the Dutch Standards on Auditing with unqualified independent auditor’s reports 
issued thereon by Ernst & Young Accountants LLP. The registered accountants of Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP are members of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants 
(Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
Documents on Display 
8. 
As long as Notes issued under the Programme are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available from the 
registered office of Essity and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being 
in London and Luxembourg and at https://www.essity.com/investors/debt-financing/debt-
programmes/ and https://www.essity.com/investors/reports/ for the 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus:

--- Page 90 ---
- 83 - 
 
(a) 
the Articles of Association (with an English translation thereof) of each of the Issuers and 
the Guarantor; 
(b) 
the 2021 Essity Financial Statements, the 2022 Essity Financial Statements and the Q1 
Essity Financial Statements; 
(c) 
the 2021 Essity Capital Financial Statements and the 2022 Essity Capital Financial 
Statements;  
(d) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee, the Issuer-ICSDs 
Agreements, the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the 
Coupons and the Talons; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
any future prospectuses, financial statements, information memoranda and supplements, 
Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note that is neither admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuers and the Paying Agent as to its holding 
of Notes and identify) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing of the Notes 
9. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg. 
Issue Price and Yield 
10. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price 
of the relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will 
be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the 
issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement 
date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if 
interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the 
Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
11. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuers 
the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and 
their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal 
in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities.

--- Page 91 ---
- 84 - 
 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuers, the Guarantor and their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers 
or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers and Guarantor routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") 
12. 
The LEI code of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) is 549300G8E6YUVJ1DA153 and the LEI code of 
Essity Capital B.V. is 549300SRFHCXJHBMHF58 
Issuers' and Guarantor's website 
13. 
The website of the Issuers and the Guarantor is https://www.essity.com/. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, information contained on the website does not 
form part of this prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
14. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor shall have any obligation to 
supplement this base prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 92 ---
- 85 - 
 
ISSUERS 
Essity Aktiebolag (publ) 
Box 200 
SE-101 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Essity Capital B.V. 
Arnhemse Bovenweg 120 
3708AH Zeist 
Netherlands 
GUARANTOR 
Essity Aktiebolag (publ) 
Box 200 
SE-1010 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING 
AGENT 
PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
United Kingdom 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg 
69 Route D'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Swedish law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirman Vinge KB 
Smålandsgatan 20 / Box 1703 SE-111 87 
Stockholm Sweden 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
England 
To the Dealers as to Dutch law 
Clifford Chance LLP, Amsterdam 
Droogbak 1a 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
PO Box 251 
1000 AG Amsterdam 
Netherlands 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
TO ESSITY  
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
TO ESSITY CAPITAL 
Ernst & Young AB 
P.O. Box 7850 
Jakobsbergsgatan 24 
SE - 103 99 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Euclideslaan 1 
3584 BL Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 93 ---
- 86 - 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg