--- Page 1 ---
EUROCLEAR BANK SA/NV 
(incorporated with limited liability in Belgium) 
Euro 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear Bank” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium 
Term Notes that rank as senior obligations of the Issuer (the “Notes”). The Notes may be either senior preferred notes (the “Senior Preferred Notes”) or 
senior non-preferred notes (the “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”). It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall, for supervisory 
purposes, be treated as MREL-Eligible Instruments (as defined below). 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus (which expression shall include this Base Prospectus as supplemented from time to time and all documents incorporated by reference 
herein) has been prepared for the purpose of providing disclosure information with regard to the Issuer and the Notes. This Base Prospectus has been approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “CBI”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). The CBI 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of 
the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) (such Notes being the “Listed Notes”). Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and 
to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. No certainty can be 
given that the application for the listing of any Notes will be granted. Furthermore, admission of the Notes to the Official List and trading on the Regulated 
Market is not an indication of the merits of the Issuer or the Notes. Unlisted Notes may also be issued under the Programme (the “Unlisted Notes”). The 
CBI has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to the Unlisted Notes. 
Except in the case of Unlisted Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to the relevant Notes will be set out in the final terms document (the “Final Terms”), and this 
Base Prospectus must be read as a whole and together with the applicable Final Terms. In the case of Unlisted Notes, reference herein to “Final Terms” shall, 
so far as the context permits, be deemed to be references to a pricing supplement document or such other documentation which specifies the applicable terms, 
conditions and information in relation to the relevant Unlisted Notes (the “Pricing Supplement”). The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing 
Supplement in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market (or any other stock exchange). Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to 
the provisions described or incorporated by reference herein. 
The Notes issued will be in dematerialised form in accordance with Article 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van 
Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations) (as amended, the “Belgian Companies and Associations Code”), and will be 
represented by a book-entry in the records of the clearing system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the 
“Securities Settlement System”). The start date of the Programme in the Securities Settlement System was 25 June 2018.  
The Programme has been rated AA in respect of Senior Preferred Notes and AA- in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”), and AA+ in respect of Senior Preferred Notes by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). Each of Fitch and S&P is established in the 
European Union (“EU”) and is included in the updated list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (as amended, the “EU CRA Regulation”), published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”)’s website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) (on or about the date of this Base Prospectus). 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme”) to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to 
be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any U.S. state 
securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to 
“consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit économique/ Wetboek van economisch 
recht), as amended. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The issue price and amount of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on the then prevailing market conditions. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. This Base 
Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
 
Arranger 
J.P. Morgan 
Dealer 
J.P. Morgan 
 
Base Prospectus dated 5 September 2022

--- Page 2 ---
Important information 
 
2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
GENERAL 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA 
(each a “Member State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make 
an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer (each as defined in “Overview of the Programme” 
below) to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case in relation to such offer. None of the Issuer, 
the Arranger or any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for Euroclear Bank, the Arranger or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together 
with any amendments or supplements hereto and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read and 
construed together with the applicable Final Terms. In relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the 
Final Terms will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such 
Tranche. Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. Potential investors in the Notes should be aware that any website 
referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CBI. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its 
import. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither any Dealer nor the Arranger accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the Arranger or 
any Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger 
and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save 
as referred to above) which they might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or any 
Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase Notes. Each 
potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. No Dealer 
nor the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes 
of any information coming to the attention of any Dealer or the Arranger. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any Dealer or 
the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the

--- Page 3 ---
Important information 
 
3 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or 
that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to 
the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).  
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuer’s 
business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory changes, and 
restructuring plans. Words such as believes, expects, projects, anticipates, seeks, estimates, intends, plans or 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of 
identifying such statements. The Issuer does not intend to update these forward-looking statements except as 
may be required by applicable securities laws. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent 
risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and 
other outcomes described or implied in forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important 
factors could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, 
expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include: 
(i) the ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and access to capital markets; (ii) market and interest rate 
fluctuations; (iii) the strength of the global economy in general and the strength of the economies of the 
countries in which the Issuer conducts operations; (iv) the potential impact of sovereign risk, particularly in 
certain European Union countries which have recently come under market pressure; (v) adverse rating actions 
by credit rating agencies; (vi) the ability of counterparties to meet their obligations to the Issuer; (vii) the effects 
of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, trade and tax policies, and currency fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of 
the imposition of foreign exchange controls by government and monetary authorities; (ix) operational factors, 
such as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement procedures properly; (x) actions taken by 
regulators with respect to the Issuer’s business and practices in one or more of the countries in which the Issuer 
conducts operations; (xi) the adverse resolution of litigation and other contingencies; (xii) geopolitical risks 
such as hostilities, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine and related sanctions imposed on Russian-owned 
entities; and (xiii) the Issuer’s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing. The foregoing list of 
important factors is not exclusive; when evaluating forward-looking statements, investors should carefully 
consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the other risks identified in this 
Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when 
those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFER OF THE NOTES GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, any 
Dealer and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription 
and Sale”.

--- Page 4 ---
Important information 
 
4 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the issue of Notes 
constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of Euroclear Bank, any Dealer or the Arranger to 
subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “UK FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the UK FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” 
(consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit 
économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended. 
Prohibition of sales to non-eligible investors – In respect of Notes which specify ‘SONIA’, ‘SOFR’ or ‘€STR’ 
as a Reference Rate, the Notes may be held only by, and transferred only to, eligible investors referred to in 
Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax, holding their 
securities in an exempt securities account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or 
indirect participant in the Securities Settlement System. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (an "EU distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment.

--- Page 5 ---
Important information 
 
5 
However, an EU distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment. However, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
Notice to investors in Canada – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories 
of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including 
any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
Benchmark Regulation – Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by 
reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does 
constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided 
by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmark Regulation may have 
the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of

--- Page 6 ---
Important information 
 
6 
administrators and benchmarks (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence) as at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, Euroclear 
Bank does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to a fixed rate or a floating rate. Where a 
floating rate is used, interest may be calculated by reference to either the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(“SOFR”) or the Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) (or such other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator 
of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of 
England (as administrator of SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR) and 
the European Central Bank (as administrator of €STR) do not appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. As 
far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA, SOFR and €STR are not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of 
the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
CONSIDERATION OF INVESTMENT  
Legality of investors’ purchase of Notes – None of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer and any of their 
respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the subscription or acquisition of the 
Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, 
regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Suitability of the Notes for certain investors – Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 7 ---
Important information 
 
7 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk 
or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to the overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, 
the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential 
investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Taxation – Payments of interest on the Notes, or profits realised by the Noteholder upon the sale or repayment 
of the Notes, may be subject to taxation in its home jurisdiction and/or in other jurisdictions in which it is 
required to pay taxes. This Base Prospectus includes general summaries of certain Belgian tax considerations 
relating to an investment in the Notes issued by the Issuer (see the section headed “Belgian Taxation on the 
Notes”). Such summaries may not apply to a particular holder of Notes or to a particular issue and do not cover 
all possible tax considerations. In addition, the tax treatment may change before the maturity or redemption 
date of Notes. The Issuer advises all investors to contact their own tax advisers for advice on the tax impact of 
an investment in the Notes.  
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in the section “Overview of the Programme − Method 
of Issue”) of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation 
Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Managers) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
CURRENCIES 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “U.S.$” and 
“USD” are to the lawful currency of the United States, to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the lawful currency of 
the Member States of the European Union that have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with 
the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended, and to “GBP” or “£” are to Sterling, the lawful 
currency of the UK. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (“APMs”) 
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial metrics which the Issuer considers to constitute APMs and 
which are provided in addition to the conventional financial performance measures defined or specified in the 
applicable financial reporting framework, the generally accepted accounting principles of Belgium (“Belgian 
GAAP”). The Issuer believes that APMs provide investors with meaningful, additional insight as to underlying 
performance of the Issuer. An investor should not consider such APMs as alternatives to measures reflected in 
the Issuer’s financial information, which has been prepared in accordance with the Belgian GAAP. In particular, 
an investor should not consider such measures as alternatives to profit after tax, operating profit or other 
performance measures derived in accordance with Belgian GAAP or as an alternative to cash flow from 
operating activities as a measure of the Issuer’s activity. The Issuer’s non-Belgian GAAP financial measures

--- Page 8 ---
Important information 
 
8 
presented below may not be comparable with similarly titled financial measures reported by other companies. 
For the purpose of these definitions, the “Financial Statements” means the financial statements of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 or 31 December 2020, as applicable, and reference 
to any roman numerals is a reference to the relevant line item contained in such Financial Statements. 
Average shareholders’ equity of 
the year 
means the average of the shareholders’ equity (as reported in the 
Financial Statements) at the previous year end and the 
shareholders’ equity (as reported in the Financial Statements) for 
that year end. 
Average Total Assets 
means the average of the total assets at the previous year end and 
the total assets at that year end. 
Average value of securities held 
means the average of the value of securities held at the previous 
year end and the value of securities held at that year end. 
Effective tax rate 
means taxation divided by operating profit before taxation. 
Net Commissions Income 
means the commissions received (IV) less the commissions paid 
(V) as reported in the income statement of the Financial 
Statements. 
Net Interest Income 
means the Interest and similar income (I) less the Interest and 
similar charges (II) as reported in the income statement of the 
Financial Statements.  
Operating Income 
means the sum of Net Interest Income, Income from variable-
income securities (III), Net Commissions Income and Profit from 
(loss on) financial operations (VI) as reported in the income 
statement of the Financial Statements. 
 Operating Margin 
means operating profit compared to operating income (as reported 
in the Financial Statements). 
Other Operating Profit 
means the other operating income (XIV) less the other operating 
charges (XV) as reported in the income statement of the Financial 
Statements.  
Provisions and Depreciation 
means the sum of captions Depreciation and amounts written 
off/on formation expenses and intangible and tangible fixed assets 
(VIII), Write-back of amounts written off on amounts receivable 
and write-back provisions and commitments which can give rise 
to a credit risk in the off-balance sheet section (IX), write-back of 
amounts written off on the investment portfolio of bonds, shares 
and other fixed-income or variable-income securities (X), uses and 
write-back of provisions for risks and charges other than those 
referred to in heading contingent liabilities and commitments 
which can give rise to a credit risk in the off-balance sheet section 
(XI) and transfers from the fund for general banking risks (XII) as 
reported in the income statement of the Financial Statements.  
Return on Assets (Asset 
performance) 
means Profit of the Year divided by average total assets reported in 
the Financial Statements.

--- Page 9 ---
Important information 
 
9 
Return on Equity  
means Profit of the Year divided by the average shareholders’ 
equity of the year reported in the Financial Statements. 
Unit cost ratio 
means administrative expenses compared to the average value of 
securities held.

--- Page 10 ---
Table of contents 
 
10 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................... 2 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................. 11 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................20 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................43 
CLEARING .....................................................................................................................................................103 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT .....................................................................................................................105 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................106 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................107 
REGULATORY INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................136 
COMMON REPORTING STANDARD – EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION .............................................143 
BELGIAN TAXATION ON THE NOTES .....................................................................................................145 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................154 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................160 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................179

--- Page 11 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
11 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980, to be read in conjunction with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of, this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference) and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions 
defined or used in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meaning in this overview. 
Issuer 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear Bank” and the “Issuer”). 
Information relating to the Issuer 
Euroclear Bank is a limited liability company of unlimited 
duration incorporated under Belgian law and registered with the 
Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under business identification 
number 0429.875.591. Its registered office is at Boulevard du 
Roi Albert II 1, 1210 Brussels, Belgium, telephone +32 (0)2 326 
1211.  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300OZ46BRLZ8Y6F65 
Information relating to the Programme 
 
Size 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding 
at any one time. 
Arranger 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Dealer 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional Dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. 
Fiscal Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch, or any other entity appointed 
from time to time by the Issuer as the Fiscal Agent pursuant to 
the terms of the Agency Agreement either in respect of the 
Programme, generally, or in respect of a particular issuance of 
Notes, in which case a different Fiscal Agent may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Paying Agent 
Citibank Europe Plc, or any other entity appointed from time to 
time by the Issuer as the Paying Agent or an additional Paying 
Agent pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement, either in 
respect of the Programme, generally, or in respect of a particular 
issuance of Notes, in which case a different Paying Agent may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Agency Agreement 
The agency agreement between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the Paying Agent originally dated 25 June 2018, and as most 
recently amended and restated on 5 September 2022 (and as 
further amended and/or restated from time to time). 
Method of Issue 
Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 12 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
12 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one 
or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes 
of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each, 
a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where 
necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
principal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of 
other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. 
Form of Notes 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with 
Article 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code via the book-entry system maintained in the records of the 
NBB as operator of the Securities Settlement System (as defined 
below).  
Clearing System 
The settlement system operated by the NBB or any successor 
thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”). 
Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through 
those of the participants in the Securities Settlement System 
whose membership extends to securities such as the Notes. 
Participants in the Securities Settlement System include certain 
banks (including, but not limited to, Euroclear Bank), 
stockbrokers (beursvennootschappen/sociétés de bourse) and 
investor CSDs Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as a participant 
and investor CSD with a banking licence in respect of the 
Securities Settlement System), Clearstream Banking, A.G., 
(“Clearstream”), Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de 
Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários 
S.A. (“Euronext Securities Porto”), SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Euronext Securities Milan”), Euroclear 
France SA (“Euroclear France”) and LuxCSD S.A. 
(“LuxCSD”). Accordingly, the Notes will be eligible to clear 
through, and therefore be accepted by, Euroclear Bank (in its 
capacity as a participant and investor CSD with a banking licence 
in respect of the Securities Settlement System), Clearstream, 
Euronext Securities Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euroclear France and LuxCSD and investors can hold their 
interests in the Notes within securities accounts in Euroclear 
Bank (in its capacity as a participant and investor CSD with a 
banking licence in respect of the Securities Settlement System), 
Clearstream, Euronext Securities Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euroclear France and LuxCSD. 
Initial Delivery of Notes 
Notes will be credited to the accounts held with the Securities 
Settlement System by Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as a

--- Page 13 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
13 
participant and investor CSD with a banking licence in respect 
of the Securities Settlement System), Clearstream, Euronext 
Securities Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear 
France, LuxCSD or any other Securities Settlement System 
participants. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives (including the rules of the Securities Settlement 
System), Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Senior Preferred Notes (as defined below) may be 
issued with any maturity from one month from the date of 
original issue and Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined 
below) may be issued with any maturity from one year from the 
date of original issue. Additionally, all Notes may be issued with 
no specified maturity. 
Denomination 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, save that (i) in the case of any Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the EEA or offered to the public in an EEA Member State in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
specified denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) and (ii) 
unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year from the date of issue and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the UK or whose issue would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the UK FSMA will have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate payable in 
arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If an indication of yield is included in the applicable Final Terms, 
the yield of each Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated 
on the basis of the relevant issue price at the relevant issue date. 
It is not an indication of future yield. 
Resettable Notes 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the dates specified in the 
Final Terms at the initial rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and thereafter the rate may be reset with respect to a 
specified time period by reference to the prevailing Mid-Swap 
Rate, Benchmark Gilt Rate or the CMT Rate (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms). The rate of interest may be reset on 
more than one occasion.  
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each

--- Page 14 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
14 
Series as follows:  
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(each as defined in the Terms and Conditions), as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc.; or 
(ii) by reference to EURIBOR, SOFR, SONIA or €STR (or 
such other benchmark as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) as adjusted for any applicable margin as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Interest Periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum or Minimum Rates of 
Interest 
Floating Rate Notes may specify a Maximum Rate of Interest or 
a Minimum Rate of Interest, or both, as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. If a Maximum Rate of Interest is 
specified, then the interest payable will in no case be higher than 
such rate and if a Minimum Rate of Interest is specified, then the 
interest payable will in no case be lower than such rate.  
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Notes may be issued under the Programme which bear a fixed 
rate of interest in respect of certain Interest Periods and a floating 
rate of interest in respect of other Interest Periods, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be issued at a price which is at a 
discount to their principal amount, and will not bear interest. 
Redemption 
Notes will be redeemed either (i) at 100% per Calculation 
Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), or (ii) at an 
amount per Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that the amount so specified shall be at least 
100% per Calculation Amount. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed (either in whole or in 
part) prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer or, 
if applicable, at the option of the Noteholder, and if so, the terms 
applicable to such redemption shall be as set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes, in accordance with the elections made 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Early Redemption 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity for tax 
reasons. See Condition 3(e) (Redemption upon the occurrence of 
a Tax Event). If specified in the applicable Final Terms, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (as defined below) may be subject to a 
mandatory early redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event. See Condition 3(f) (Redemption of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event).

--- Page 15 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
15 
Status of Notes 
The Notes may be either senior preferred notes (the “Senior 
Preferred Notes”) or senior non-preferred notes (“Senior Non-
Preferred Notes”), in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will be direct, unconditional, senior 
and unsecured (chirographaires/chirografaire) obligations of the 
Issuer and rank at all times (i) pari passu, without any preference 
among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, 
which will fall or are expressed to fall within the category of 
obligations described in article 389/1, 1° of the Belgian Banking 
Law, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted 
by laws relating to creditors’ rights, (ii) senior to Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any obligations ranking 
pari passu with or junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations 
and (iii) junior to the claims of depositors and to all present and 
future claims as may be preferred by laws of general application. 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-
up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy (faillisement/faillite), 
the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior 
Preferred Notes (including for any accrued but unpaid interest 
and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under 
the Terms and Conditions) (i) only after, and subject to, payment 
in full of holders of present and future claims as may be preferred 
by laws of general application or otherwise ranking in priority to 
Senior Preferred Notes and (ii) subject to such payment in full, 
in priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and 
other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to 
Senior Preferred Notes. 
Where: 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or 
other instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed 
to fall within the category of obligations described in article 
389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law, including Senior Non-
Preferred Notes.  
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law. The 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be direct, unconditional and 
unsecured (chirographaires/chirografaire) obligations of the 
Issuer and rank at all times (i) pari passu, without any preference 
among themselves, with all other Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of 
insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws relating to 
creditors’ rights, (ii) senior to any subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and (iii) junior to present and future claims of (a) 
depositors of the Issuer, (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred

--- Page 16 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
16 
Obligations of the Issuer and (c) all other present and future 
claims as may be preferred by laws of general application. 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-
up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy (faillisement/faillite), 
the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (including for any accrued but unpaid 
interest and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
under the Terms and Conditions) (i) only after, and subject to, 
payment in full of holders of Senior Preferred Notes and other 
present and future claims benefiting from legal or statutory 
preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations and (ii) subject to such payment in full, in 
priority to holders of any subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations.  
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes shall be treated, for regulatory purposes, as MREL- 
Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL Regulations. 
For this reason the Senior Non-Preferred Notes must include the 
following characteristics: (i) they do not include embedded 
derivatives or do not constitute derivatives (it being understood 
that debt instruments with a floating rate derived from a 
generally used reference rate and debt instruments expressed in 
currency other than the national currency of the Issuer, provided 
that principal, repayment and interest are expressed in the same 
currency, may not merely on the basis of these characteristics be 
considered debt instruments including embedded derivatives); 
(ii) their maturity may not be less than one year; and (iii) the 
issuance terms must expressly provide that the claim is 
unsecured (chirographaire/chirografair) and that their ranking is 
as set forth in Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law.  
 
Where:  
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving 
effect to MREL. 
 
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities” for banking institutions under the Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as set in 
accordance with Article 45 of such Directive (as transposed in 
article 459 of the Belgian Banking Law) and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (C(2016) 2976 final) of 23 May 2016, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including by national 
legislation transposing or implementing Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019).

--- Page 17 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
17 
 
“MREL-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that is 
eligible to be counted towards the MREL of the Issuer in 
accordance with Applicable MREL Regulations.  
 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim 
any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed to it by the 
Issuer arising under or in connection with the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, where 
Waiver of Set-Off is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its 
subscription, purchase or holding of a Senior Non-Preferred 
Note or a relevant Senior Preferred Note, be deemed to have 
waived all such rights of set-off. 
Cross Default 
None. 
Negative Pledge 
None.  
Ratings 
The Programme has been rated AA in respect of Senior Preferred 
Notes and AA- in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes by S&P 
and AA+ in respect of Senior Preferred Notes by Fitch.  
S&P and Fitch are established in the European Union and are 
included in the updated list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on ESMA’s 
website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/) (on or about the date of 
this Base Prospectus). Notes issued under the Programme may 
be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such 
rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the ratings assigned to Notes already issued under 
the Programme. Whether or not a rating in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit 
rating agency established (i) in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (ii) in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of Belgium unless 
the withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, 
subject to certain exceptions, pay such additional amounts as 
shall result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts in 
respect of principal and interest, or interest only in case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes where “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Gross Up” is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, as would have been 
received by it had no such withholding been required, all as

--- Page 18 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
18 
described in Condition 5 (Taxation).  
Governing Law 
English law save that (i) any matter relating to title to, and the 
dematerialised form of, Notes, and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with title to, and any 
matter relating to the dematerialised form of, Notes, and 
(ii) Conditions 1, 6, 11 and Schedule 1 to the Notes shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
Each Noteholder (which includes any current or future holder of 
a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges and accepts that 
any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the Bail-
in Power (as defined in Condition 15(d) (Acknowledgement and 
Consent of the Bail-in Power)) by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (as defined in Condition 2(m) (Definitions)), and 
acknowledges and accepts to be bound by (i) the variation of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of 
any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority and (ii) 
the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application will be made, where specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, for a Series of Notes to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States, EEA, UK, Belgium, Japan and Singapore. See 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
 
The debt securities of Euroclear Bank are eligible for Category 
2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, the Notes may not be addressed to EEA Retail 
Investors. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, the Notes may not be addressed to UK Retail 
Investors. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, in Belgium, to “consumers” (consommateurs/ 
consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van 
Economisch Recht), as amended. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be primarily used 
to improve the Issuer’s liquidity position by increasing the 
Issuer’s qualifying liquid resources as stipulated in the Central 
Securities Depositories Regulation (EU) 909/2014 of 23 July 
2014 (“CSDR”). It is anticipated that the net proceeds of the 
Notes may also be used as an alternative, and in some cases, a 
substitute, to the existing contingent liquidity facilities which are

--- Page 19 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
19 
made available to the Issuer, and for general corporate purposes.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors  
 
20 
RISK FACTORS  
 
An investment in the Notes involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider the risks set 
forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus (including information incorporated by 
reference herein) before making any investment decision in respect of the Notes. The risks described below are risks 
which the Issuer believes may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes or the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not 
in a position to express a view on the likelihood of all or any of such contingencies occurring.  
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal known risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which are not known to the Issuer or which the Issuer deems 
immaterial at this time. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and the Group that are not currently 
known to the Issuer and the Group, or that they currently deem immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also 
have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer 
and the Group and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or 
part of their investment. Prospective investors should carefully consider the risks set forth below and read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated in it by 
reference) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision and consult their professional advisers. 
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meaning ascribed to them in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to the Issuer and the Group 
1. Operational Risk 
Euroclear SA/NV (“ESA”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group” or “Euroclear”) are exposed to 
operational risk resulting from a range of factors. Operational risk is the loss resulting from inadequate or 
failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events. 
This risk includes, but is not limited to: 
 
losses arising from an unintentional or negligent failure to meet a professional obligation owed to 
specific clients (including fiduciary and suitability requirements) or from the nature or design of a 
product; 
 
losses arising from failed transaction processing or process management, from relations with trade 
counterparties or suppliers; and 
 
loss of assets held in custody in the event of a custodian’s (or sub-custodian’s) insolvency, 
negligence, fraud, poor administration, subjection to sanctions or failure to comply with sanctions 
imposed on third parties during the course of carrying on the Group’s business, or inadequate 
recordkeeping. 
Furthermore, the Group faces the risk of losses due to acts of a type intended to defraud, misappropriate 
property or circumvent regulations, the law or company policy, which involves internal or external parties. 
There is also operational risk posed by losses arising from loss of, or damage to, physical assets, from natural

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors  
 
21 
disasters or other events, if applicable business resilience arrangements prove to be inadequate to ensure 
continuity in case of business disruption due to system failure or any other event.  
The Group also faces risks of loss related to the use of, or dependence on, information and communications 
technology (“ICT”), electronic data, and digital or electronic communications and risks of losses due to 
unauthorised access to ICT systems and data from within or outside the institution (including cyber-attacks). 
In addition to the above, the Group may face potential losses as a consequence of decisions that could be 
principally based on the output of models due to errors in the development, implementation or use of such 
models. The main source of such model risk to the Group comes from the Issuer, given it is the only central 
securities depositary (“CSD”) within the Group with a banking licence supported by capital, collateral 
valuation and other models.  
The Group faces further risks arising from suppliers and outsourcing providers. Any problems caused by 
these suppliers and outsourcing providers (including as a result of their not providing the Group with 
services for any reason, their performing services poorly, or their employee misconduct) could adversely 
affect the Group’s ability to deliver products and services to customers and participants, and otherwise to 
conduct its business. Replacing these suppliers could entail delays and expense.  
The Issuer is exposed to the operational risks described above in relation to the activities of other members 
of the Group (in addition to its own activities) as a result of other entities of the Group providing various 
development and support services in a centralised manner for the benefit of the wider Group. For example, 
the Issuer is dependent on its immediate parent, ESA, for operational support through outsourcing 
arrangements, under which ESA provides centralised services to the Group in areas including but not limited 
to information technology, finance, risk management and human resources.  
As exemplified above, ineffective control of any of the above risks - either by the Issuer or other members 
of the Group - could result in reputational damage by affecting the efficiency of the Group’s risk 
management framework which is a key pillar of Euroclear’s reputation as a systemic financial market 
infrastructure (“FMI”) provider, as well as lead to substantial losses that could have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s and the Group’s results, financial conditions and prospects and may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes. 
Operational risks pertaining to the Group’s relationships with its key stakeholders (including clients, market 
participants, custodians, suppliers and employees) could further lead to litigation against the Issuer or the 
Group, in addition to reputational damage and/or financial losses. 
Finally, operational risks exist in respect of the Group’s professional obligations, fraudulent actions against 
the Group and the potential for cyber-attacks aimed against the Group’s information technology 
infrastructure. The occurrence of any of these events could lead to regulatory sanctions against the Group , 
which could in turn affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes.  
2.  
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk to the Issuer’s or the Group’s earnings or capital arising from the failure by obligors 
of the Issuer or the Group to perform (due to inability or unwillingness) their financial obligations to the 
Issuer or the Group on time and in full. In the scope of its activities, the Issuer’s or the Group’s obligors are 
defined as borrowing participants, cash correspondents and settlement banks, treasury counterparts and 
issuers of securities in the investment and treasury securities portfolio. 
Within the Group, credit risk is borne mainly by the Issuer as a single-purpose settlement bank, which has 
operating exposures to participants and counterparties. As further detailed in paragraph 5 (Risk Management 
for the Group and the Issuer) of the “Description of the Issuer” section, the Issuer extends short-term 
secured and unsecured (as allowed by CSDR for exempted entities as stated in Article 23(2) of Commission

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors  
 
22 
Delegated Regulation (EU 2017/390)) uncommitted credit to its participants to facilitate the settlement of 
securities transactions. When a buyer does not have sufficient cash in its account to settle a transaction, 
temporary credit is extended which allows settlement to take place efficiently. Generally the duration of this 
exposure is less than 24 hours (i.e. intra-day), but the duration varies with the source of exposure. In 
unforeseen circumstances (primarily as the result of settlement failures or delays) part of the operating 
exposure can become an end-of-day overdraft, retained in the books of the Issuer until the next day. The 
credit extended to borrowing participants is secured by high quality and liquid collateral subject also to 
concentration rules. 
In addition, the Issuer also faces unsecured credit risk from financial institutions on its treasury activities 
resulting from the intra-day use of its cash correspondent network or through short-term placements (in the 
case of unsecured redeposits) of participants’ end-of-day cash positions in the market with its counterparties, 
as well as secured credit risk from the reinvestment of participants’ end-of-day cash positions with its 
counterparties through short-term reverse repo transactions.  
The national CSDs within the Group (“Euroclear CSDs”) have no direct cash relationship with their clients. 
Consequently, they do not extend loans or credit facilities to their clients. However, they are exposed to the 
credit risk related to the reinvestment of their cash position (being held for regulatory purposes or not) with 
their bank counterparties. The Euroclear CSDs can also face a certain level of credit risk arising from the 
non-payment of fees by their clients.  
Consequently, the inability of participants to meet their own commitments due to a systemic failure, a 
default by a significant financial counterparty, and/or liquidity problems in the financial services industry 
generally could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results and the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or 
part of its payment obligations under the Notes. 
Failure to manage these risks could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s and the Group’s reputation, could 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s or the Issuer’s results, financial conditions and prospects and may 
affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes.  
3.  
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk arising from the Group being unable to settle a cash or securities obligation when 
due resulting from inappropriate and/or insufficient liquidity sources. As further detailed in paragraph 5 
(Risk Management for the Group and the Issuer) of the “Description of the Issuer” section below, the main 
source of liquidity risk to the Group comes from the Issuer as a result of it providing liquidity to offer 
efficient custody services and to facilitate settlement on a Delivery Versus Payment basis. This liquidity 
bridges what is mainly intra-day imbalances in clients’ cashflows. As a result, any unforeseen inability of 
participants to fulfil their settlement and payment obligations may increase demand for the Issuer’s liquidity 
and create an imbalance such that the Issuer may consequently lack sufficient liquidity to meet its own daily 
payment obligations and facilitate settlement or could incur increased refinancing costs as a result of 
liquidity bottlenecks.  
Failure to manage these risks could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s and the Group’s reputation, could 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s or the Issuer’s results, financial conditions and prospects and may 
affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes.  
4.  
Legal and Compliance Risk  
The Group is subject to extensive legal and regulatory obligations in the various jurisdictions in which it 
operates. Broadly, the key legal and compliance risks to the Group’s business arise from:  
(i)  
the application of laws and regulations and the monitoring of legal developments (including 
the application of new or evolving economic sanctions), in all relevant jurisdictions;

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors  
 
23 
(ii)  
the enforceability, adequacy and compliance of contracts in all relevant jurisdictions; 
(iii)  
protection of intellectual property rights; and  
(iv)  
the conflict of laws between jurisdictions in which the Group operates.  
More specifically, the Group is subject to the risk, inherent in all regulated financial businesses, of having 
insufficient capital resources to meet the minimum regulatory capital requirements applicable to them, for 
example, under (i) Regulation EU 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms as amended from time to time (the 
“CRR”), including as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 (the “CRR II”), and (ii) Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms as amended from time to time (the “CRD IV”), including as 
amended by Directive 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the “CRD 
V”), as well as the requirement to hold a minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) 
under Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms as amended from time 
to time, including as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 (the “BRRD II” and, Directive 2014/59/EU as so amended, the “BRRD”). The Group is 
subject to the risk that any such regulation or directive to which it is subject may be subsequently amended 
(including by the implementation of any ‘CRD VI’) and/or transposed (including in respect of CRD V) in a 
way which negatively impacts the Group (including by increasing the capital or MREL requirements or by 
changing the application or scope of such capital or MREL requirements, regulation or directive to other 
members of the Group, including the Issuer). For further information as to CRD V, see paragraph 3 (Capital 
and Liquidity requirements) of the “Regulatory Information” section below.  
Additionally, the Group is subject to various laws and regulations arising from the fiscal or other policies 
and actions of various governmental and regulatory authorities in Belgium, the EU, the United Kingdom 
and elsewhere, including the CSDR, which came into force in September 2014 and is the main piece of 
legislation applicable to the Issuer and the Euroclear CSDs. Following publication of a report on the CSDR 
in July 2021, on 16 March 2022 the European Commission published a legislative proposal to streamline 
parts of the CSDR and to address issues identified relating to settlement procedures, passporting rights, the 
activities of third-country CSDs in the EU and banking-type ancillary services. It is as yet unclear whether 
these proposed amendments to the CSDR will be implemented. 
The Issuer and ESA are also subject to substantial and evolving prudential regulations under the auspices of 
the NBB, under which they are required, amongst other things, to maintain adequate capital resources and 
to satisfy specified capital ratios which may increase over time. 
On 26 March 2021, the Group announced that ESA had reached agreement to acquire the MFEX Group 
(“MFEX”) which was majority-owned by Nordic Capital. The Group announced the completion of the 
MFEX acquisition on 16 September 2021 (the “MFEX Acquisition”, as further described in “Description 
of the Issuer” below). MFEX is an investment firm within the meaning of Regulation EU 2019/2033 and of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the prudential requirements of 
investment firms (“IFR”) and Directive (EU) 2019/2034 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
27 November 2019 on the prudential supervision of investment firms (“IFD” and, together with IFR, 
“IFR/IFD”). IFR/IFD contains a new prudential regulatory regime for EU investment firms and raises the 
potential for increased regulatory capital requirements for such firms. The cost of any such regulatory 
compliance could be significant for the Group. The capital and MREL requirements applicable to the Group 
may increase if economic conditions or negative trends in the financial markets worsen and the Group may 
have to raise additional finance in order to satisfy those requirements.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors  
 
24 
Any failure of the Group to maintain its minimum regulatory capital and MREL ratios could result in 
administrative action or early intervention measures by the home supervisor, which, in turn, may have an 
adverse impact on the Group’s and the Issuer’s results, financial conditions and business prospects. A breach 
or near breach of prudential capital ratio and/or shortfall in MREL requirement may restrict the Group’s and 
the Issuer’s business plan and may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations 
under the Notes. 
Other areas where policy and regulatory changes could have an impact on the Issuer and the Group include, 
but are not limited to: 
 
monetary policies, interest rates, crisis management, asset quality review, recovery and resolution 
and other policies of central banks and regulatory authorities; 
 
changes in government or regulatory policy that may significantly influence investor decisions in 
particular markets in which the Group operates; 
 
increased capital or MREL requirements and changes relating to capital or MREL treatment; 
 
changes to the application and/or scope of regulatory and capital requirements; 
 
changes in, and rules on, competition and pricing environments;  
 
developments in the financial reporting environment; 
 
stress-testing exercises to which financial institutions are subject;  
 
implementation of conflicting or incompatible regulatory requirements in different jurisdictions 
relating to the same products or transactions; 
 
changes to policies aimed at combating money laundering, bribery and terrorist financing and 
enforcing compliance with economic sanctions;  
 
unfavourable developments producing social instability or legal uncertainty; and  
 
regulatory compliance risk arising from a failure or inability to comply fully with the laws, 
regulations or codes applicable specifically to the financial services industry.  
Changes to such laws, policies and regulations can significantly affect the way that the Issuer and the Group 
undertake business by restricting the scope of their existing businesses, limiting their ability to expand 
product and service offerings, limiting their ability to pursue acquisitions, requiring additional members of 
the Group to become authorised entities or to comply with capital requirements, increasing operating costs, 
and/or making their products and services more expensive for clients, which could all have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s and the Group’s results, financial conditions and prospects and may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes. Non-compliance with applicable legal and 
regulatory obligations could lead to fines, public reprimands, damage to reputation, criminal and civil 
penalties, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme cases, withdrawal of authorisations to operate.  
5.  
Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Risks 
Macroeconomic Conditions: Since the financial crisis, global capital markets have experienced difficult 
credit and liquidity conditions and disruptions leading to reduced liquidity and greater volatility (such as 
volatility in spreads) due to a number of macroeconomic factors, including sanctions imposed by the US, 
the EU and other jurisdictions on Russia following its invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, and related 
Russian countermeasures.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors  
 
25 
There can be no assurance that global economic conditions as a whole will improve significantly or at all. 
The acute economic risks in the Eurozone are being addressed by on-going policy initiatives, although 
uncertainties remain. Investors remain cautious and a continued slowing or a failing of the economic 
recovery would likely aggravate the adverse effects of difficult economic and market conditions on the 
Group’s clients and on others in the financial services industry. Similarly, the occurrence of other 
geopolitical events, and responses to any such event, may create economic and political uncertainties which 
could have a negative impact on Belgian and other international economic conditions in ways that cannot 
necessarily be predicted. The results of the operations of the Issuer and the Group may therefore be adversely 
affected by a reduction in the activity levels of clients as a consequence of changes in interest rates, exchange 
rates, inflation, stagflation, deflation, or investor sentiment, potential longer term impact of the Russia-
Ukraine crisis on the Group’s depot and Eurobond activity, the availability and cost of credit and the impact 
of the imposition of sanctions on Russia increasing cash on the Issuer’s balance sheet arising from blocked 
coupon payments and accumulating redemptions, requiring (in the absence of effective credit mitigation 
measures) increased capital, a potentially higher credit risk profile and increased operational actions. 
In addition, the level of liquidity of the global financial markets and the level and volatility of equity prices 
could reduce the demand for the Group’s products and services as a CSD. Such a deterioration in business 
and economic conditions may affect the Group’s financial performance and therefore the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes.  
Furthermore, given the Group’s global footprint, geopolitical tensions and hostilities elsewhere in the world 
could have a significant adverse effect on the Group’s business. Terrorist acts, acts of war or hostility (or 
further escalation of existing hostilities), civil unrest, geopolitical, or other such events and responses to 
those acts or events may create economic and political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact 
on Belgian and other international economic conditions generally, and more specifically on the business and 
results of the Group in ways that cannot necessarily be predicted. This could have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s results and may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the 
Notes.  
In the second half of 2021 and in the first half of 2022, several key developed economies experienced rates 
of inflation that far exceeded central bank forecasts. Several central banks have altered their stance on 
monetary policy by raising interest rates or signalling their willingness to do so. The easing of COVID-19 
restrictions, as well as the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, has created a demand surge in developed market 
economies that have reopened and labour supply shortages have compounded price pressures. There is a 
risk that the confluence of supply and demand pressures could have effects on inflation that are longer-
lasting than expected. Nevertheless, there remains a lack of firm consensus within the financial services 
industry on some key inflation questions, as well as other potential scenarios such as slow economic growth. 
Rising inflation and interest rates, as well as any resultant market downturn, could reduce demand for the 
Group’s products and services, which could in turn affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or part of its 
payment obligations under the Notes. 
Coronavirus: In 2020, a wide-spread global pandemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 
(commonly known as “coronavirus”) and the infectious disease COVID-19, caused by the coronavirus, 
broke out across the globe. The pandemic led governments and local authorities across the world to impose 
strict countermeasures to stop the spread of the virus including shutdowns of countries, cities and various 
business operations as well as regional and global travel restrictions. While many countries have begun to 
relax or remove social restrictions and restrictions on businesses enacted in response to the pandemic, the 
degree to which the pandemic impacts the Group over the medium to long term will depend on future 
developments which remain uncertain. If the spread of COVID-19 is prolonged further or new strains of the 
virus (including strains against which current vaccinations are less effective) emerge, macroeconomic 
conditions may be materially and adversely affected and may lead to further economic downturns in the

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors  
 
26 
financial markets and in the global economy more broadly (and such downturns could be widespread, severe 
and lasting).The Group’s business has continued to perform well since the pandemic began, but it is difficult 
to predict the impact any future developments may have on the Group’s business.  
Brexit: On 31 January 2020, the UK ceased to be a member of the EU and the EEA (commonly referred to 
as “Brexit”). On 24 December 2020, an agreement in principle was reached in relation to the EU-UK Trade 
and Cooperation Agreement to govern the future relations between the EU and the UK following the end of 
the transition period, which formally entered into force after being ratified by both the UK Parliament and 
the European Parliament on 30 December 2020 and 28 April 2021, respectively. The continuing effects of 
Brexit are difficult to predict and there remains both short-term and long-term political and economic 
uncertainty around the departure that may have a negative impact on the UK economy and the economies 
of EU member states. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that Brexit will not adversely affect the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
6.  
Market Risk 
Market risk is the uncertainty regarding the value of assets and liabilities (on- or off-balance sheet) and 
regarding future earnings (linked to foreign exchange or interest rate movements). The Issuer believes that 
it and the Group face relatively low levels of market risk as they do not engage in any activity that is not 
considered as part of their normal business or a consequence of their clients’ activity and as such they do 
not engage in trading activity. Further, the activities and instruments that the Issuer and other members of 
the Group can engage in must be in line with its risk averse profile, which is further detailed in paragraph 5 
(Risk Management for the Group and the Issuer) of the “Description of the Issuer” section. The Issuer is 
not exposed to commodity risk. The Issuer may, when mandatory or for business reasons, invest in equity 
of entities providing it with a service or market link. The Issuer applies a prudent investment strategy in 
order to preserve its core equity. In particular, the assets of its investment and treasury book can only be 
invested in highly rated and liquid debt instruments (with the exception of intra-company loans), and an 
appropriate hedging strategy is applied so as to protect future earnings against adverse market conditions.  
Notwithstanding the above, the Group continues to bear a degree of market risk, and the Issuer considers 
that this risk in the context of the Group’s business can be categorised into four segments: (i) the effect of 
the absolute level of interest rates on income; (ii) the potentially uneven effect of currency movements on 
revenues and expenses; (iii) the potential for interest rate movements to reduce the value of the securities in 
the liquidity portfolio; and (iv) the interest and currency risk on its treasury activities.  
A failure to manage the risks set out in the preceding paragraph could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
and the Group’s results, financial conditions and prospects and may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or 
part of its payment obligations under the Notes. 
7.  
Strategic & Business Risk 
Strategic and business risk are the risks arising from strategic decisions and supporting business model, and 
risks that the Group does not achieve its targeted and predicted financial results. 
Specifically, strategic risk is the risk that the strategy and supporting business model is not adequate, 
adjusted to market changes or not fit for purpose. It includes poor decision making and the risk that an 
absent, inadequate or inappropriate technology strategy undermines achievement of the Euroclear corporate 
strategy. 
Such risks include, but are not limited to, risks to the Group’s business disintermediation in the post-trade 
value chain by competitors proposing more technologically sophisticated post-trade services, and, more 
broadly, the risk of the Group’s offering of competitive services deteriorating, resulting in transfers of assets 
under custody by clients or participants to its competitors.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors  
 
27 
In addition, there is the wider risk of integration failure of operations acquired or developed by the Group 
as well as impairments on acquired or developed financial or intangible assets. For example, there is a risk 
of integration failure following the acquisition of MFEX. For further discussion of the MFEX Acquisition, 
see paragraph 11 (Acquisition Risk) of this section and paragraph 6 (History of the Group) of the 
“Description of the Issuer” section. 
Any such failure within the Group to manage such risks could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the 
Group’s results, financial conditions and prospects and may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or part of 
its payment obligations under the Notes. 
Business risk is the risk of making poor or inappropriate business decisions leading to business 
underperformance or loss, insolvency or inability to meet capital requirements. The key business risks 
faced by the Issuer are (i) the loss of a major client, and (ii) the risk of a market downturn resulting in lower 
demand for the Issuer’s services. Any significant deviation from expectations or any material failure to 
anticipate expected revenues on a short-term or long-term basis could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
and the Group’s results, financial conditions and prospects and may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all 
or part of its payment obligations under the Notes.  
8.  
Change and Project Risk 
The Group has in place adequate policies and processes to adapt to changes in the market and the regulatory 
environment. Due to the business-wide effect of such changes, they are generally implemented via projects 
and programmes involving multiple divisions and/or entities of or within the Group.  
Change risk is the risk of failure with respect to the change management process including the tools and 
techniques to manage the people side of change to achieve the required business outcome. 
Project risk is defined as an uncertain event or condition that, if it occurs, has a negative effect on a project’s 
objectives (including scope (value to stakeholders), budget and time to market). 
This includes for instance the risk that: 
 
the organisation, infrastructure, processes and systems of or within the Group are not sufficiently 
agile to adapt quickly to regulatory, industry or market changes or are not aligned to Euroclear’s 
strategy; 
 
the Group lacks adequate programme and project management capability and expertise to 
implement or manage such changes; or  
 
the Group’s culture does not adequately support innovation and change or that extensive change 
leads to a culture of change fatigue. 
Any such failure within the Group to manage such risks could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the 
Group’s results, financial conditions and prospects and may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or part of 
its payment obligations under the Notes. 
9.  
Competition Risk 
The Group faces competition in the global and local markets in which it operates, at the level of the Issuer, 
the CSDs and MFEX. Competition is expected to intensify due to the increasing requirement for 
commoditisation of the settlement function, allowing clients to rationalise the number of CSD relationships, 
and the likelihood of further consolidation of CSDs. One such risk comes from the possible arrival of new 
entrants in the market, for example financial technology (fintech) companies, which may be able to leverage 
new technology in order to gain a competitive advantage. This creates a risk of disruption to the Group’s 
current business model, which could have a negative effect.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors  
 
28 
The Group is investing in initiatives to ensure that it carries out adequate levels of monitoring of the market 
so as to assess and address the materiality of this risk. Irrespective of this, if there was a significant increase 
in the number of new entrants in the market, or a rapid deployment of unprecedented new technology in 
competition with the activities of the Issuer and the Group, this could have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
or the Issuer’s financial results and may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes.  
10.  
Conduct and Culture Risk 
Risks arise from the Group’s corporate and risk culture, governance arrangements, conduct and dealings 
with stakeholders and shareholders, and the Group’s corporate responsibility as an international FMI 
provider. Stakeholders are, among others, clients, participants, suppliers, regulators, competitors and other 
financial market counterparts.  
Such risks arise, primarily, when the activities of the Group are not conducted in accordance with the 
Group’s risk culture principles, which in turn form an integral part of day-to-day operations, enabling 
employees to make informed decisions in the context of the wider risks faced by the Group. Euroclear’s 
Code of Ethics and Business Conduct expands upon the Group corporate values to assist in decision making. 
It brings together the ethical and compliance principles, providing guidance on how to put them into 
practice. These principles are monitored and fostered through a combination of formal and informal 
measures, including control functions observations, recommendations and reporting of inappropriate risk 
behaviours and incidents.  
Failure to manage conduct and culture risks could give rise to inadequate or insufficient risk mitigation 
attitude and/or awareness which could increase the likelihood of the risks mentioned elsewhere in this 
section materialising. Such failure or unethical behaviour could have a negative impact on the Group’s 
reputation, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Group’s results, financial conditions and 
prospects and may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes. 
11.  
Acquisition Risk 
On 26 March 2021, the Group announced that it had reached agreement to acquire MFEX. The MFEX 
Acquisition completed on 16 September 2021, as further described in “Description of the Issuer” below.  
The Group may not realise any or all of the synergies relating to the acquisition that it had anticipated. In 
addition, the costs of funding the process necessary to achieve these synergies may exceed expectations. 
There can be no assurance that the MFEX Acquisition will prove to be successful. The Group is therefore 
exposed to the risk of unexpectedly increased integration costs, which could have a negative effect on the 
Group's financial position. 
The uncertainty regarding the effect of integrating MFEX into the Group and achieving the desired synergies 
could cause disruption to the business of the Group. These uncertainties may materially and adversely affect 
the Group’s business and its operations and could cause customers, business partners and other parties that 
have business relationships with the Group to defer other transactions or decisions concerning the Group's 
business, or to seek to change existing business relationships with the Group. Any such issues may adversely 
affect the Group’s results and may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations 
under the Notes. 
Furthermore, the Group may, from time to time, seek to expand its operations through the acquisition of 
other businesses. The Group may not be able to achieve success despite the due diligence it undertakes prior 
to such an acquisition. The Group may not be able to successfully realise the expected accretive value of an 
acquired business if it cannot recruit and retain well-qualified staff for that business, meet customer demand 
or requirements or respond to local economic and regulatory conditions or to competitive pressure, so that

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors  
 
29 
its newly acquired businesses do not perform as expected. This, in turn, may lead to losses which may 
impact the cash resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
If the Group consequently disposes of an acquired business or another business entity, the Group will incur 
costs of disposal or withdrawal and may have lost out on the opportunity of having instead acquired a more 
appropriate business. In addition, the Group may retain certain historical liabilities associated with the 
disposed business, which may impact the cash resources available to the Issuer to make payments under the 
Notes. 
12.  
Litigation Risk 
The Group and the Issuer are subject to a comprehensive range of legal obligations in all countries in which 
they operate and in connection with the various activities which they undertake. As a result, the Group and 
the Issuer are exposed to the risk that legal proceedings are brought against them. Such risk may vary 
between different Group entities on account of their different roles within the Group and the different 
activities, products and services which may impact the Group.  
The Issuer might, for example, face legal proceedings by securities holders as a result of any disputes arising 
out of or in connection with securities previously issued by the Issuer. The Group’s operating entities (the 
“Operating Entities”) may face legal proceedings by clients in their capacity as service providers (such as 
when providing asset servicing or collateral management services) or by counterparties when entering into 
financial transactions (such as the Issuer in the context of its treasury activities). In connection with legal 
and regulatory obligations that may result in criminal and civil penalties, see paragraph 4 (Legal and 
Compliance Risk) above.  
Regardless of whether such claims have merit, the outcome of legal proceedings is inherently uncertain and 
could result in financial loss. Defending legal proceedings can be expensive and time-consuming and there 
is no guarantee that all costs incurred will be recovered even if the Group or the Issuer is successful. Failure 
to manage these risks could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s and the Group’s reputation, could have 
an adverse effect on the Group’s or the Issuer’s results, financial conditions and prospects and may affect 
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes. 
13.  
Systemic Risk 
Systemic risk is the risk of disruption to financial services organisations that has the potential to have 
serious consequences for the financial system and/or the real economy. Systemic risk events can originate 
in, propagate through, or remain outside of the Group. 
The Group and the Issuer could be negatively affected by the weakness and/or perceived weakness of 
financial institutions, which could result in significant systemic liquidity problems, losses or defaults by 
financial institutions and counterparties. Financial institutions that deal with each other are interconnected 
as a result of trading, investment, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. This could have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s and the Issuer’s results and may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil all or part of its 
payment obligations under the Notes.  
 
Risks related to the Notes 
1.  
Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities, including the Notes 
Given the entry into force of the bail-in regime in Belgium, holders of the Notes may lose some or all of 
their investment (including outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest) as a result of the exercise 
by the national resolution authorities designated as such by Article 3 of the BRRD (the “Resolution 
Authorities”) of the “bail-in” resolution tool.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors  
 
30 
The relevant national Resolution Authority for Belgium is the NBB which, together with the Single 
Resolution Board (and including the Council of the European Union and the European Commission when 
acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation) (the “Relevant Resolution 
Authority”), subject to certain conditions being met, has the power to bail-in (i.e. write down or convert to 
equity) loss absorbing instruments, including debt (the “Bail-in Powers”) (such as the Notes). See paragraph 
2 (The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive) of the “Regulatory Information” section for further 
information in respect of the Bail-in Powers and various other resolution tools exercisable by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority in respect of the Issuer, and the circumstances as to when they may be exercised.  
The Bail-in Powers enable the Relevant Resolution Authority to recapitalise a failed institution by allocating 
losses to its shareholders and unsecured creditors (including holders of the Notes) in a manner which is 
consistent with the hierarchy of claims in an insolvency of a relevant financial institution. Under such 
hierarchy, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would be written down or converted before the Senior Preferred 
Notes. The Bail-in Powers include the power to cancel a liability or modify the terms of contracts for the 
purposes of deferring the liabilities of the relevant financial institution and the power to convert a liability 
from one form to another.  
Accordingly, the Bail-in Powers may be exercised in such a manner as to result in Noteholders losing all or 
part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security from the Notes, which may 
be worth significantly less than the Notes and which may have significantly fewer rights and/or protections 
than those typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise 
these Bail-in Powers without providing any advance notice to, or requiring the consent of, the Noteholders. 
In addition, under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the exercise of the Bail-in Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes is not an event of default or a default for any purpose. The 
Noteholders acknowledge and accept the risk of the Bail-in Powers being exercised under Condition 15(d) 
(Acknowledgment and Consent of the Bail-in Power). The Relevant Resolution Authority also has broader 
powers to implement other resolution measures, which may include (without limitation) the replacement or 
substitution of the Issuer as obligor in respect of the Notes and discontinuing the listing and admission to 
trading of the Notes.  
2.  
Impact of Bail-in Powers on listings 
To the extent the Notes are bailed-in (i.e. written down or converted) pursuant to the Belgian Resolution 
Laws (as defined in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Regulatory Information” below) (see above 
and paragraph 2 (The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive) of the “Regulatory Information” section for 
further information), the Issuer does not expect any securities issued upon bail-in of the Notes to meet the 
listing requirements of any securities exchange, and the Issuer expects outstanding listed securities to be 
delisted from the securities exchanges on which they are listed. It is likely that any securities which the 
Noteholders will receive upon the exercise of the Bail-in Powers will not be listed for at least an extended 
period of time, if at all. Additionally, there may be limited, if any, disclosure with respect to the business, 
operations or financial statements of the Issuer at the time any securities are issued upon conversion of the 
Notes, or the disclosure may not be current to reflect changes in the business, operations or financial 
statements as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in Powers. As a result, there may not be an active market 
for any securities Noteholders may hold after the exercise of the Bail-in Powers. 
3.  
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity in certain circumstances 
Subject to certain conditions being met, the Notes may be redeemed prior to their maturity date, in whole 
but not in part, at the Tax Event Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, at the option of the 
Issuer, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event (see Condition 3(e) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax 
Event)).

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors  
 
31 
Further, if Condition 3(f) (Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes then outstanding may be redeemed prior to their maturity date, in whole but not in 
part, at the MREL Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 3(f) 
(Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event)) 
together with accrued interest, at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event, subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable MREL Regulations, and subject to the 
prior approval of the Lead Regulator or the Relevant Resolution Authority if required. 
The redemption of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, the redemption of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, or the (perceived) prospect of such 
redemption, could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be). 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk that the Notes 
may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the Notes 
or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which case Noteholders may only be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities with a lower yield. Potential investors should consider the 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
4.  
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the 
Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to, or pari passu 
with, the Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by investors 
upon the Issuer’s insolvency. If the Issuer’s financial condition were to deteriorate, the Noteholders could 
suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including reduction of interest and principal and, if the 
Issuer were to be liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the Noteholders could suffer loss of their 
entire investment. 
5.  
Issuer substitution 
If Condition 7 (Substitution of the Issuer) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute for itself as the principal debtor under 
the Notes a substitute company, provided that certain preconditions set out under Condition 7 (Substitution 
of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are fulfilled. Notwithstanding each of these 
preconditions being satisfied prior to any such substitution, there can be no guarantee that any such 
substitution will not have an adverse effect on the price of the Notes and subsequently lead to losses for the 
Noteholders if they sell the Notes. 
6.  
There are no events of default (other than in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer) 
allowing acceleration of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Events 
of Default” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Senior Preferred Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes in relation to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (if “Senior 
Preferred Notes Restricted Events of Default” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Senior Preferred Notes do not provide for events of default (other than in the event of a dissolution or 
liquidation of the Issuer as provided in Condition 11(a) (Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred 
Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Events of Default” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms – Events of Default)) allowing acceleration of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or of such Senior 
Preferred Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or such Senior Preferred Notes, including the payment of any interest, investors 
will not have the right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors  
 
32 
Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or such Senior Preferred Notes will be the institution of proceedings for the dissolution 
or liquidation of the Issuer in Belgium. 
7.  
Substitution and variation relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
If Condition 6(c) (Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Substitution and Variation) is specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer may following the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
(as defined in Condition 3(f) (Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event)), at its sole discretion and without the consent of the Noteholders, either substitute 
the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes then outstanding or vary their terms, so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Securities (as defined in Condition 6(c) (Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Substitution and 
Variation)). If the Issuer has not opted to substitute or vary the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes following a MREL Disqualification Event (if specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms), the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be redeemed early (in 
whole but not in part) at the Issuer’s sole option at a price that can be lower than the price at which the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes were purchased. 
The exercise of these rights by the Issuer may have an adverse effect on the position of holders of the 
relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes. While the substitution or variation of the terms of such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, if any, will be the same for all holders of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, some holders 
may be more impacted than others. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding any such 
substituted notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences for them of holding Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such substitution. 
8.  
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, investors that choose to reinvest moneys they receive through an optional early 
redemption may only be able to do so at a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
9.  
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to greater price fluctuations than non-discounted notes 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes 
than on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market 
interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other notes having the same 
maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment 
associated with a particularly high price risk. 
10.  
Risks relating to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Floating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Notes which are “Fixed to Floating Rate Notes” or “Floating to Fixed Rate Notes” may bear interest at a 
rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature 
may affect the secondary market for and the market value of such Notes. If the Notes are converted from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes and investors will no longer be able to 
anticipate the interest income on such Notes. If the Notes are converted from a floating rate to a fixed rate, 
the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing market rates.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors  
 
33 
11.  
Risks relating to Resettable Notes 
In the case of any Series of Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Resettable Notes will be reset by 
reference to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, Benchmark Gilt Rate or the CMT Rate (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), as adjusted for any applicable margin, on the reset dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. This is more particularly described in Condition 2(b) (Rate of Interest on Resettable Notes). 
The reset of the rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may affect the secondary market for and 
the market value of such Resettable Notes. Following any such reset of the rate of interest applicable to the 
Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on the relevant Resettable 
Notes may be lower than the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest and/or any previous 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
12.  
A Noteholder’s actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction costs 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Notes. For instance, credit institutions as a 
rule charge their clients for own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata 
commissions depending on the order value. To the extent that additional - domestic or foreign - parties are 
involved in the execution of an order, including, but not limited to, domestic dealers or brokers in foreign 
markets, Noteholders must take into account that they may also be charged for the brokerage fees, 
commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of securities (direct costs), Noteholders must also 
take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Investors should inform themselves about any 
additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Notes before investing in 
the Notes. 
13.  
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Any Series of Notes will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is 
currently no active trading market (even where, in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. If a Tranche of Notes is issued to a single investor or a 
limited number of investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile market in such Notes. If the 
Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and 
the financial condition of the Issuer. Although application may be made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that 
such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, that an active 
trading market will develop or that any listing or admission to trading will be maintained. Notes may also 
be issued on an unlisted basis. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any 
trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes, nor that such application for any listing or admission to 
trading will be maintained in respect of every Tranche of Notes. 
14.  
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally, including modifications to the Terms and Conditions and/or a programme document 
and/or the substitution of the Issuer, whether at duly convened meetings or by way of written resolutions or 
electronic consent. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, who did not sign

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors  
 
34 
the relevant written resolution or provide their electronic consents for the passing of the relevant resolution, 
and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 2(o) (Benchmark replacement), if a Benchmark Event occurs, certain 
changes may be made to the interest calculation and related provisions of the Resettable Notes and Floating 
Rate Notes as well as the Agency Agreement in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, 
without the requirement for the consent of the Noteholders. As a result, there is a risk that changes may be 
made to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that have not been approved by the Noteholders. 
15.  
No tax gross-up protection for Non-Eligible Investors 
Potential investors should be aware that the Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not require the Issuer to 
gross-up the net payments received by a Noteholder in relation to the Notes with the amounts withheld or 
deducted for Belgian tax purposes if the Noteholder (i) was not, at the time of its acquisition of the Notes, 
an eligible investor within the meaning of Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 regarding the 
perception and the bonification of the withholding tax in accordance with Chapter 1 of the law of 6 August 
1993 (an “Eligible Investor”), (ii) was, at the time of its acquisition of the Notes, an Eligible Investor, but, 
for reasons within the relevant Noteholder’s control, ceased to be an Eligible Investor or (iii) at any relevant 
time on or after its acquisition of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet any other condition for the exemption 
of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 August 1993 regarding transactions on certain securities 
and the Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 (each a “Non-Eligible Investor”). 
If the Issuer, the NBB, the Paying Agent or any other person is required to make any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatever nature in respect 
of any payment in respect of Notes held by Non-Eligible Investors, the Issuer, the NBB, the Paying Agent 
or that other person shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and will 
account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted.  
16.  
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are, save to the extent referred to in Condition 15(a) (Governing 
Law), based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after 
the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
In addition, any relevant tax law or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus and/or the date 
of purchase or subscription of the Notes may change at any time (including during any subscription period 
or the term of the Notes).  
Such changes in law may include, but are not limited to, changes to the statutory resolution and loss 
absorption tools which affect the rights of holders of notes issued by the Issuer, including the Notes.  
Any such change may have an adverse effect on a Noteholder, including that the Notes may be redeemed 
before their due date, their liquidity may decrease and/or the tax treatment of amounts payable or receivable 
by or to an affected Noteholder may be less favourable than otherwise expected by such Noteholder. 
17.  
No Agent is required to segregate amounts received by it in respect of Notes cleared through the Securities 
Settlement System 
The Agency Agreement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) provides that the Issuer shall transfer to 
the Paying Agent such amount as may be required for the purposes of payments to the Noteholders and the 
Paying Agent shall use such funds to make payment to the Noteholders. 
The Agency Agreement also provides that an Agent will, upon receipt by it of the relevant amounts pay to 
the Noteholders, directly or through the NBB, any amounts due in respect of the relevant Notes. However,

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors  
 
35 
no Agent is required to segregate any such amounts received by it in respect of the Notes, and in the event 
that such Agent were subject to insolvency proceedings at any time when it held any such amounts, 
Noteholders would be required to claim such amounts from such Agent in accordance with applicable 
insolvency laws. 
18.  
No Agent assumes any fiduciary or other obligations to the Noteholders 
Each Agent appointed in respect of Notes will act in its respective capacity in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions and the Agency Agreement in good faith. However, Noteholders should be aware that no 
Agent assumes any fiduciary or other obligations to the Noteholders and, in particular, is not obliged to 
make determinations which protect or further strengthen the interests of the Noteholders, for instance in 
circumstances where its interests are not aligned with the Noteholders’.  
Each Agent may rely on any information to which it should properly have regard that is reasonably believed 
by it to be genuine and to have been originated by the proper parties. 
19.  
Potential conflicts of interest 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Issuer, the Agents, the Dealers, the Calculation Agent 
and the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent in respect of any Series of Notes may be the Issuer or the Dealer 
of such Notes, and this gives rise to potential conflicts including (but not limited to) with respect to certain 
determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions 
that may influence any interest amount due on, and for the amount receivable upon redemption of, the Notes. 
The Issuer and its affiliates (including, if applicable, any Dealer or Agent) may engage in trading activities 
(including hedging activities) related to any Notes, for its proprietary accounts or for other accounts under 
their management. 
20.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) 
the equivalent yield on the Notes in the Investor’s Currency, (ii) the equivalent value of the principal payable 
on the Notes in the Investor’s Currency and (iii) the equivalent market value of the Notes in the Investor’s 
Currency. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
21.  
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
Where applicable, the expected credit ratings of the Notes will be set out in the Final Terms of the relevant 
Series of Notes. Other Series of Notes may be unrated and one or more credit rating agencies may assign 
unsolicited additional credit ratings to the Notes. 
In general, investors in the EEA are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation (as defined on page 1) from 
using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors  
 
36 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions by 
virtue of the incorporation of the EU CRA Regulation into UK domestic law under the EUWA (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”). As such, UK regulated investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and 
such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or 
the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable, EEA or UK regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment. This may result in the relevant investors selling the Notes which may impact the value 
of the Notes and any secondary market. 
The lists of registered and certified credit rating agencies published by ESMA and the FCA on their 
respective websites in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) 
are not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant credit rating agencies included in such lists, as there 
may be delays between certain supervisory measures taken against the relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA or FCA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies 
and ratings will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
There is no guarantee that any ratings will be assigned or maintained. The ratings may furthermore not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors (including a change of control affecting the Issuer) that may affect the value of the Notes.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the relevant rating agency at any time. Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating or the assignment 
of an unfavourable rating by another rating agency could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes. 
22.  
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments is subject to 
uncertainty 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations (each as defined in Condition 3(f) (Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event)). 
The Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will remain MREL-Eligible 
Instruments. If they initially are MREL-Eligible Instruments and subsequently become ineligible due to a 
change in Applicable MREL Regulations then a MREL Disqualification Event will occur and, if 
“Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
at the MREL Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount (as defined below), together with accrued 
interest (if any).

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors  
 
37 
23.  
Additional Risks relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable 
investment for certain investors. Each potential investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should determine 
the suitability of such investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial resources 
and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including the possibility 
that the entire principal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be lost. A potential investor should 
not invest in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with 
a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the impact of 
this investment on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute senior non-preferred obligations 
within the meaning of Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law (as defined below) (the “Senior Non-
Preferred Law”). While the Senior Non-Preferred Notes by their terms are expressed to be direct, 
unconditional, senior and unsecured (chirographaires/chirografaire) obligations of the Issuer, they 
nonetheless rank junior in priority of payment to senior preferred obligations of the Issuer in the case of 
liquidation. The Issuer’s senior preferred obligations include all of its deposit obligations, its obligations in 
respect of derivatives and other financial contracts, its unsubordinated debt securities and all unsubordinated 
or senior debt securities issued thereafter that are not expressed to be senior non-preferred obligations 
(including the Senior Preferred Notes). 
There is no restriction on the incurrence by the Issuer of additional senior preferred obligations. As a 
consequence, if the Issuer enters into liquidation proceedings, it will be required to pay substantial amounts 
of senior preferred obligations before any payment is made in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
In addition, if the Issuer enters into resolution, its eligible liabilities (including the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) will be subject to bail-in - which may be the most appropriate resolution strategy for the Relevant 
Resolution Authority - meaning potential write-down or conversion into equity securities or other 
instruments, in the order of priority that would apply in liquidation proceedings. Because senior non-
preferred obligations such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to senior preferred obligations, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes would be written down or converted in full before any of the Issuer’s senior 
preferred obligations were written down or converted. See “Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible 
liabilities, including the Notes”. 
As a consequence, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of senior 
preferred obligations, and could lose all or a significant part of their investments if the Issuer were to enter 
into resolution or liquidation proceedings. 
Senior non-preferred securities are new types of instruments for which there is no long trading history 
Prior to the entry into force of the Senior Non-Preferred Law, Belgian bank issuers were not able to issue 
securities with a senior non-preferred ranking. Accordingly, there is no long trading history for securities of 
Belgian credit institutions with this ranking. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the 
initial stages of evaluating the risks associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings 
assigned to senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating 
agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market 
becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-
preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors  
 
38 
at the time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, investors may incur losses in respect of 
their investments in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
The terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes contain very limited covenants  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes place no restrictions on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue 
that ranks senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or on the amount of securities it may issue that rank 
pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may impact the 
amount recoverable by Noteholders upon liquidation of the Issuer. In addition, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes do not require the Issuer to comply with financial ratios or otherwise limit its ability or that of its 
subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they limit the Issuer’s ability to use cash to make investments 
or acquisitions, or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to pay dividends, repurchase shares or otherwise 
distribute cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the Issuer’s ability to service its debt 
obligations, including those of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
24.  
Risks related to the reform and regulation of Benchmarks 
As discussed in detail in paragraph 5 (Benchmark Regulations and Reform) of the “Regulatory Information” 
section, various Reference Rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) and the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (“SOFR”), which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (“Benchmarks”) and which may be used 
to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments, 
have, in recent years, been the subject of regulatory reform, including, without limitation, through the EU 
Benchmark Regulation and the EU Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”).  
The EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on the 
Notes if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the “benchmark”. More broadly, the EU Benchmark Regulation, the UK 
Benchmark Regulation, or the general increase in regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” or any other 
initiatives, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain 
Benchmarks. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the benchmark reforms in making any investment decision with respect to 
the Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark.  
In addition, and as more fully described in paragraph 5 (Benchmark Regulations and Reform) of the 
“Regulatory Information” section, a number of reforms have been proposed which would change the manner 
of administration of Benchmarks, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the 
Benchmark could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. The 
elimination of a Benchmark, changes in the manner of administration of any Benchmark, or any other 
Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 2(o) (Benchmark replacement)) could require or result in an 
adjustment to the interest calculation and related provisions of the Terms and Conditions as well as the 
Agency Agreement (as further described in Condition 2(o) (Benchmark replacement)), and could result in 
adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such Benchmark in the event that such Benchmark 
becomes the subject of reform. Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty 
as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to a Benchmark may adversely

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors  
 
39 
affect Notes which reference such Benchmark including the return on the relevant Notes and the trading 
market for them.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a 
published Benchmark (including any page on which such Benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by the Issuer 
(without a requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) by reference to a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted by an Adjustment 
Spread. In addition, no consent of the Holders shall be required in connection with any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (or any other document) which 
are made in order to effect any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fall-back of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Resettable Notes and 
Floating Rate Notes (as applicable). In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (if applicable), the 
relevant fall-back provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes to 
which the fall-back arrangements are applicable. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant 
change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer 
to meet its obligations under the Resettable Notes and Floating Rate Notes (as applicable) or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Resettable Notes and 
Floating Rate Notes (as applicable). 
25.  
SOFR, SONIA and €STR are relatively new market indices that may be used as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes and, as the related market continues to develop, there may be an adverse effect on 
the return on or value of Notes linked to such risk free rates 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (“RFRs”), such 
as SONIA, SOFR and €STR, as reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as alternatives to 
the relevant interbank offered rates.  
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative RFRs, including 
various ways to produce term versions of certain RFRs (which seek to measure the market’s forward 
expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term as they are overnight rates) or 
different measures of such RFRs. For example, on 2 March 2020, the NY Federal Reserve began publishing 
the SOFR Compounded Index and on 3 August 2020, the BoE began publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of RFRs that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to any Notes that reference RFRs issued under 
the Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing RFRs that differ materially in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes referencing the same RFR issued 
by it under the Programme. The development of RFRs as interest rates for Floating Rate Notes in the 
Eurobond markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates could result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes issued under the Programme 
which reference any such RFR from time to time. 
Furthermore, the basis of deriving certain RFRs such as SONIA, SOFR and €STR may mean that interest 
on Notes which reference any such RFR will only be capable of being determined after the end of the 
relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors  
 
40 
for investors in Notes which reference any such RFR to accurately estimate the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without 
changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily €STR or Compounded Daily SOFR 
become due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 11 (Events of Default), the Rate 
of Interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined on the date 
which the Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. Investors should consider these 
matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of RFRs in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of such RFRs in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of RFRs across these 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such RFRs. 
The use of RFRs as reference rates for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and development 
in terms of the methodology used to calculate such rates, the development of rates based on RFRs and in 
the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing 
RFRs. In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in notes 
linked to RFRs issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology will gain 
widespread market acceptance. The administrators of RFRs may make methodological or other changes that 
could change the value of RFRs, including changes related to the method by which such rates are calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to transactions used to calculate such rates, or timing related to the publication 
of such rates. In addition, an administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination 
of an RFR, in which case a fallback method of determining the Rate of Interest of any Notes linked to that 
RFR will apply in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. An administrator has no 
obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing any RFR.  
Since RFRs are relatively new market indices, Notes linked to any such RFR may also have no established 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. 
Market terms for debt securities referencing any RFR, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest 
rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-
issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if any RFR to which a series of Notes refers does not 
prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes referencing such RFR 
may be lower than those of Notes which reference indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes 
may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that 
any RFR to which a series of Notes refers will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes referencing the relevant RFR. If the manner 
in which such RFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest 
payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
Certain administrators of RFRs have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of RFRs. Investors should not rely on hypothetical or actual 
historical performance data as an indicator of future performance of such RFRs.

--- Page 41 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
41 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents and the 
information set out in the table below (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes the relevant page references 
for documents (i) and (ii) below):  
(i) 
the audited, unconsolidated accounts of Euroclear Bank for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
including the reports of the statutory auditors in respect thereof, which are electronically published on 
Euroclear’s website at https://www.euroclear.com/content/dam/euroclear/investor-relations/annual-
reports/2021/Documents/IR4319_EBank_Financial_Statements_2021.pdf; 
(ii) 
the audited, unconsolidated accounts of Euroclear Bank for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
including the reports of the statutory auditors in respect thereof, which are electronically published on 
Euroclear’s website at https://www.euroclear.com/content/dam/euroclear/investor-relations/annual-
reports/2020/Documents/IR4302_EBank_Financial_Statement_2020.pdf; 
(iii)  
the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 42 to 96 (inclusive) of the base prospectus 
dated 29 June 2021 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which are electronically 
published 
on 
Euroclear’s 
website 
at 
https://www.euroclear.com/investorrelations/en/debt-
investors.html;  
(iv) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 39 to 90 (inclusive) of the base prospectus 
dated 13 September 2019 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which are 
electronically 
published 
on 
Euroclear’s 
website 
at 
https://www.euroclear.com/investorrelations/en/debt-investors.html; and 
(v) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 43 to 85 (inclusive) of the base prospectus 
dated 25 June 2018 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which are electronically 
published 
on 
Euroclear’s 
website 
at 
https://www.euroclear.com/investorrelations/en/debt-
investors.html. 
Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have all been filed with the CBI. Potential 
investors in the Notes should be aware that any website referred to in this document does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
 
Unconsolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
Directors’ report………………………………………………………………………... 
 
Pages 2 to 13 
Balance Sheet ……………….…………………………………………………………. 
Pages 16 to 18 
 
Profit and Loss Statement………………………………………………………………. 
Pages 19 and 20 
 
Appropriation and transfer……………………………………………………………... 
 
Page 21 
Notes to Financial Statements………………………………………………………….. 
Pages 22 to 64 
 
Auditors’ Report………………………………………………………………………… 
Pages 73 to 78

--- Page 42 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
42 
 
 
Unconsolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Directors’ report……………………………………………………………………….. 
 
Pages 2 to 14 
Balance Sheet……………………..………………………….………………………… 
Pages 17 to 19 
 
Profit and Loss Statement …..………………………………………………………….. 
Pages 20 and 21 
 
Appropriation and Transfer…………………………………………………………….. 
Page 22 
 
Notes to Financial Statements………………………………………………..…………. 
Pages 23 to 65  
 
Auditors’ Report………………………………………………………………………… 
Pages 75 to 81

--- Page 43 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, save for the paragraphs in italics that shall 
not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In the case of any Series of Notes which are admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the applicable Final Terms shall not amend or replace any 
information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, 
the Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes may complete any information in this Base Prospectus.  
References in these terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) to “Notes” are to the Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under Euroclear Bank SA/NV’s Euro 5,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). All capitalised terms which are not defined in these Terms 
and Conditions will have the meanings given to them or refer to information specified in Part A of the applicable 
Final Terms.  
The Notes are issued pursuant to (i) an agency agreement originally dated 25 June 2018 and as most recently 
amended and restated on or about 5 September 2022 (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the 
Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Agency Agreement”) between Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear Bank” or 
the “Issuer”) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as fiscal agent for the Notes (in such capacity, 
the “Fiscal Agent”, which term shall include any successor fiscal agent appointed as the Fiscal Agent from time 
to time pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement), and the other agents named in it or appointed from 
time to time pursuant to the terms thereof and (ii) a service contract for the issuance of fixed income securities 
dated 26 June 2018 (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Clearing Services Agreement”) 
between the Issuer, Citibank Europe plc in its capacity as paying agent for the Notes and the National Bank of 
Belgium (the “NBB”). The paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to 
below, respectively, as the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall, unless the context requires otherwise, 
include the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below) are deemed to 
have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Clearing Services Agreement applicable 
to them. As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the date for and amount of the first payment of interest).  
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Clearing Services Agreement are available for inspection free of 
charge at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
In these Terms and Conditions, any reference to any code, law, decree, regulation, directive or any implementing 
or other legislative measure shall be construed as a reference to such code, law, decree, regulation, directive or 
implementing or other legislative measure as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or replaced 
from time to time. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised form in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, 
the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or, in each case, its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes).  
In these Terms and Conditions, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Notes are issued in dematerialised form via a book-entry system maintained in the records of the NBB as 
operator of the Securities Settlement System in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations Code 
(Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations) (the “Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code”) and will be credited to the accounts held with the Securities Settlement

--- Page 44 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
44 
System by Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as a participant and investor CSD with a banking licence in respect 
of the Securities Settlement System), Clearstream Banking A.G. (“Clearstream”), Interbolsa – Sociedade 
Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários S.A. (“Euronext 
Securities Porto”), SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Euronext Securities Milan”), Euroclear 
France SA (“Euroclear France”), LuxCSD S.A. (“LuxCSD”) or other Securities Settlement System 
participants for credit by Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as a participant and investor CSD with a banking 
licence in respect of the Securities Settlement System), Clearstream, Euronext Securities Porto, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or other Securities Settlement System participants to the 
securities accounts of their subscribers. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Securities Settlement System” means the settlement system operated by the 
NBB or any successor thereto. 
Title to the Notes will pass by account transfer. Transfers of Notes will be effected only through records 
maintained by the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as a participant and investor 
CSD with a banking licence in respect of the Securities Settlement System), Clearstream, Euronext Securities 
Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or other Securities Settlement System 
participants and in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear 
Bank (in its capacity as a participant and investor CSD with a banking licence in respect of the Securities 
Settlement System), Clearstream, Euronext Securities Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear 
France, LuxCSD or other Securities Settlement System participants.  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of 
any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so 
treating the holder. Noteholders are entitled to exercise the rights they have, including voting rights, making 
requests, giving consents and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of the Belgian Companies 
and Associations Code) upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB (or any Securities Settlement 
System participant duly licensed in Belgium as a recognised accountholder for the purposes of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code (a “Recognised Accountholder”)) (or the position held by the financial 
institution through which such holder’s Notes are held with such Recognised Accountholder, in which case an 
affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also be required). 
The Notes are accepted for settlement through the Securities Settlement System and are accordingly subject to 
the applicable Belgian regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain 
securities, its implementing Belgian Royal Decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 (each as amended or 
reenacted or as their application is modified by other provisions from time to time) and the terms and conditions 
governing the participation in the NBB-SSS and its annexes, as issued or modified by the NBB from time to 
time. 
In these Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms, “Noteholder” and “holder” mean in respect of 
a Note, the person evidenced as holding the Note by the book-entry system maintained in the records of the 
NBB. 
If, at any time, the Notes are transferred to any other clearing system which is not exclusively operated by the 
NBB (such clearing system an “Alternative Clearing System”), these Terms and Conditions shall apply 
mutatis mutandis in respect of such Notes.  
2 
Interest and Other Calculations 
The Notes may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Resettable Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or any 
combination of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis which is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
45 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal (subject as provided in 
Condition 2(h)) to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 2(i). 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Resettable Notes 
Each Resettable Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount: 
(A) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the First Resettable Note 
Reset Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
at the First Reset Rate of Interest from and including the First Resettable Note Reset Date, to but 
excluding: 
(i) 
the Second Resettable Note Reset Date, if such a “Second Resettable Note Reset Date” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Maturity Date, if no such “Second Resettable Note Reset Date” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in 
respect of such “Subsequent Reset Period” as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Resettable Note Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall, in each case, be determined in accordance with Condition 2(i). 
(c) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
General. Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in accordance with the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Rate of Interest shall 
be determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Condition 2(c) and the amount 
of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 2(i). 
(B) 
ISDA Determination. Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA Definitions” as 
the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 46 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
46 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(4) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
a. 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method (as defined in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions) and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
b. 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), 
(b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (c) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
c. 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is 
the Overnight Rate Compounding Method (as defined in the relevant 
ISDA Definitions), (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and:  
a. 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
b. 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method (as 
defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), (b) Observation Period Shift 
is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the relevant ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 47 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
47 
c. 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), 
(b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined 
in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 (ii) 
references in the relevant ISDA Definitions to:  
(1) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the applicable Final Terms;  
(2) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
(3) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(4) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and  
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions:  
(1) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and  
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” 
in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to 
“Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate 
Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to 
those terms in the relevant ISDA Definitions. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary, the Paying Agents will have no 
obligation to exercise any discretion (including in determining EURIBOR or the fallback rate), and to 
the extent the ISDA Definitions require the Paying Agents to exercise any such discretion, the Issuer, 
will provide written direction to the Paying Agents specifying how such discretion should be exercised, 
and the Paying Agents will be entitled to conclusively rely on that direction and will be fully protected 
if they act in accordance therewith. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination.  
(i) 
If “Screen Rate Determination: Applicable – Term Rate” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 2(h) and 
Condition 2(o) below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the

--- Page 48 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
48 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 2(i). 
For the purposes of the foregoing (other than for Resettable Notes):  
a. 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (C)(i)(1) 
above applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page or if sub-paragraph (C)(i)(2) above applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the 
Relevant Time, subject as provided below, the Issuer or Determination 
Agent shall request, if the Specified Currency is euro, the principal 
Eurozone office of each of the Reference Banks, or if the Specified 
Currency is not euro, the principal office in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
b. 
if sub-paragraph (C)(i)(a) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered 
quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Issuer or Determination Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, the Eurozone inter-bank market, or if the 
Specified Currency is not euro, the inter-bank market for the Specified 
Currency or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are, in the opinion of the Issuer, suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if 
the Specified Currency is euro, the Eurozone inter-bank market, or if the 
Specified Currency is not euro, the inter-bank market for the Specified 
Currency, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (or if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement 
Date) or (in the case of the first Interest Period to which a floating Rate of

--- Page 49 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
49 
Interest applies under the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes) the last observable 
rate for the Reference Rate which appeared on the Relevant Screen Page 
prior to the Interest Determination Date in question (though substituting, in 
any such case, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(ii) 
If “Screen Rate Determination: Applicable – Overnight Rate” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined:  
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Calculation Method is specified as 
being “Compounded Daily” and (ii) Index Determination is specified as being not 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided in Condition 2(h) and Condition 2(o) below, be the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin, where: 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified 
Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑟i - pBD  × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“d” is the number of calendar days in:  
a. 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
b. where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“do” is the number of Banking Days in:  
a. 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
b. where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period.

--- Page 50 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
50 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Banking Day in: 
a. 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding, 
the last Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
b. where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period to, but excluding, the 
last Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period. 
“Banking Day” or “BD” means: 
a. 
where in the applicable Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the Reference 
Rate, any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for general business and to settle 
payments in London;  
b. where in the applicable Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference 
Rate, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; or 
c. 
where in the applicable Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate, 
a TARGET Business Day. 
“ni”, for any Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following Banking Day. 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” Banking Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
“p” Banking Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period 
(or the date falling “p” Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means: 
a. 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of Banking Days included in the Lag Look-Back Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
five Banking Days); 
b. 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero; or 
c. 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Banking Days specified as the 
Observation Shift Period in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five Banking Days). 
“r” means: 
a. 
where in the applicable Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the Reference 
Rate and “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Banking Day, SONIA in respect of such Banking 
Day;  
b. 
where in the applicable Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference 
Rate and “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation

--- Page 51 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
51 
Method, in respect of any Banking Day, SOFR in respect of such Banking 
Day; 
c. 
where in the applicable Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the Reference 
Rate and “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Banking Day, €STR in respect of such Banking 
Day; 
d. 
where in the applicable Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the Reference 
Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method:  
1. 
in respect of any Banking Day “i” that is a Reference Day, SONIA 
in respect of the Banking Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
2. 
in respect of any Banking Day “i” that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Banking Day in the Lock-out Period), SONIA in respect 
of the Banking Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date). 
e. 
where in the applicable Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference 
Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
1. 
in respect of any Banking Day “i” that is a Reference Day, SOFR 
in respect of the Banking Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
2. 
in respect of any Banking Day “i” that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Banking Day in the Lock-out Period), SOFR in respect of 
the Banking Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); and 
f. 
where in the applicable Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the Reference 
Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
1. 
in respect of any Banking Day “i” that is a Reference Day, €STR 
in respect of the Banking Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
2. 
in respect of any Banking Day “i” that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Banking Day in the Lock-out Period), €STR in respect of 
the Banking Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date). 
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” 
above for: 
a. 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Banking Day (being a Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling “p” Banking Days prior to the relevant Banking 
Day “i”; or

--- Page 52 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
52 
b. where “Lock-out” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Banking Day “i”. 
“€STR” means, subject to paragraph (vi) below, in respect of any Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Euro Short-Term Rate for such Banking Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank (or a successor administrator), as the 
administrator of €STR, on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise published by 
it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors) on the Banking Day immediately following such 
Banking Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance 
with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines of the European Central 
Bank or the successor administrator of €STR). 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Banking Day, a reference rate equal to: 
a. 
the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) (the “daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate”) on the New York Fed’s Website at or about 5:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on the next succeeding Banking Day; or 
b. 
if the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate is not published and no SOFR 
Index Cessation Event has occurred, the SOFR for the first preceding 
Banking Day on which the SOFR was published on the New York Fed’s 
Website and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly; or 
c. 
if the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate is not published and a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event has occurred, the Reference Rate will be the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the 
replacement for the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or by a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for the daily Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (which rate may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or other designated administrator), provided that: 
1. 
subject to sub-paragraph 2 below, if a SOFR Index Cessation Event 
occurs and no such rate has been recommended within one 
Banking Day of the occurrence of the SOFR Index Cessation 
Event, then the Reference Rate will be determined as if, for each 
Banking Day occurring on or after the date of such SOFR Index 
Cessation Event, references in Condition 2(c)(C)(ii) to: 
i. 
“SOFR” were references to the daily Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the New York 
Fed’s Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on each day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in New York City (“New

--- Page 53 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
53 
York City Banking Day”) in respect of the New York City 
Banking Day immediately preceding such day (“OBFR”); 
and 
ii. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” were 
references to “New York City Banking Day”, and 
2. 
if the rate specified in sub-paragraph 1 above is not provided and 
a Benchmark Event occurs with respect to OBFR (the “OBFR 
Benchmark Event”), then the Reference Rate will be determined 
as if, for each Business Day occurring on or after the date of such 
OBFR Benchmark Event, references in Condition 2(c)(C)(ii) to: 
i. 
“SOFR” were references to the short-term interest rate 
target set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the website of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
currently 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov, or any successor website of 
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the 
“Federal Reserve’s Website”) or, if the Federal Open 
Market Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-
point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the 
Federal Open Market Committee and published on the 
Federal Reserve’s Website (calculated as the arithmetic 
average of the upper bound of the target range and the lower 
bound of the target range, rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest second decimal place, 0.005 being rounded 
upwards); 
ii. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” were 
references to “New York City Banking Day”; and  
iii. 
the “New York Fed’s Website” were references to the 
“Federal Reserve’s Website”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, limb (c) of this definition of SOFR will apply 
prior to the application of Condition 2(o) (if applicable).  
“SOFR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events:  
a. 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to publish or provide the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that 
time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or 
provide a daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate;  
b. 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time there is no successor administrator that will

--- Page 54 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
54 
continue to publish or provide the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
or  
c. 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate that 
applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including 
existing swap transactions, 
provided that the SOFR Index Cessation Event shall occur on the date of the 
cessation of publication of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date 
as of which the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used, as 
the case may be. 
“SONIA” means, subject to paragraphs (iii) to (vi) below, in respect of any 
Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
rate for such Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
in each case on the Banking Day immediately following such Banking Day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, terms defined in this Condition 2(c)(C)(ii)(1) shall, 
unless expressly provided or the context requires otherwise, have the same 
meaning when used or referred to in (or where such terms are otherwise relevant 
to) the other Conditions. 
(2) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Weighted Average”, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in 
Condition 2(h) and Condition 2(o) below, be the Weighted Average Reference Rate 
(as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards, where: 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
a. 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these 
purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Banking Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Banking Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
b. 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each 
calendar day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated by 
multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of days such rate 
is in effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by

--- Page 55 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
55 
the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
provided however that for any calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period 
falling in the “Lock-out Period”, the relevant Reference Rate for each day 
during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in 
effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such 
Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any 
calendar day which is not a Banking Day shall, subject to the proviso above, 
be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Banking Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Calculation Method is specified as 
being “Compounded Daily”, (ii) Index Determination is specified as being 
applicable and (iii) the Reference Rate is specified as being “SOFR”, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 2(h) 
and Condition 2(o) below, be the SOFR Index Rate (as defined below) plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, where: 
“SOFR Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
relating to such Interest Accrual Period (with the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation for the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination 
Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
provided, however, that and subject to Condition 2(o), if the SOFR Index Rate 
value is not available in relation to any Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant 
Screen Page for the determination of either or both of SOFR IndexSTART and SOFR 
IndexEND, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for such Interest Accrual Period 
on the basis of the Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in Condition 
2(c)(C)(ii)(1) as if Observation Shift had been specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and the “Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the “Relevant 
Fallback Screen Page” as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where: 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) the SOFR IndexSTART 
to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEND. 
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City 
time) on the New York Fed’s Website on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
“SOFR Index” means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
on the New York Fed’s Website at the SOFR Determination Time and appearing 
on the Relevant Screen Page. 
“SOFR IndexEND” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the Observation Shift

--- Page 56 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
56 
Period in the applicable Final Terms preceding the Interest Period Date relating to 
such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date). 
“SOFR IndexSTART” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the Observation Shift 
Period in the applicable Final Terms preceding the first date of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period. 
(4) 
where in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Calculation Method is specified as 
being “Compounded Daily”, (ii) Index Determination is specified as being 
applicable and (iii) the Reference Rate is specified as being “SONIA”, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 2(h) 
and Condition 2(o) below, be the SONIA Compounded Index Rate (as defined 
below) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, 
where: 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation for the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
−1) × (365
𝑑𝑐
) 
 
provided, however, that and subject to Condition 2(o), if the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value is not available in relation to any Interest Accrual Period on the 
Relevant Screen Page for the determination of either or both of SONIA 
Compounded IndexSTART and SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest 
shall be calculated for such Interest Accrual Period on the basis of the Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate as set out in Condition 2(c)(C)(ii)(1) as if Observation Shift 
had been specified in the applicable Final Terms and the “Relevant Screen Page” 
shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
where: 
“dc” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as SONIA Compounded 
Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator 
thereof). 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the last day of the relevant 
Observation Period.

--- Page 57 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
57 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant 
Observation Period. 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any Banking Day, the value 
of the SONIA Compounded Index as published on the Relevant Screen Page on such 
Banking Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be obtained from 
the Relevant Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s website at 
http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as may 
replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) in 
respect of the relevant Banking Day.  
 (iii) 
Subject to Condition 2(o) below, where in the applicable Final Terms “Compounded 
Daily” is specified as the Calculation Method and “SONIA” is specified as the Reference 
Rate (or deemed to be so specified pursuant to Condition 2(c)(C)(ii)(4)), if, in respect of 
any Banking Day, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines 
that SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such Reference Rate shall be the Bank 
of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the relevant 
Banking Day plus the mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, 
if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate.  
(iv) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (iii) above and subject to Condition 2(o) below, in the event 
the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA reference rate is to be 
determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace SONIA, the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in 
order to determine SONIA for any Banking Day “i” for the purposes of the relevant Series 
of Notes for so long as SONIA is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. 
(v) 
In the event that SONIA cannot be determined by the Calculation Agent (or such party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 2(o), the 
Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may 
be) relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period); or  
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the

--- Page 58 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
58 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(vi) 
Subject to Condition 2(o) below, where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, if, in respect of any Banking Day, the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) determines that €STR is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
Reference Rate shall be €STR for the first preceding Banking Day in respect of which 
€STR was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
(vii) 
If any Series of Notes for which “Screen Rate Determination: Applicable – Overnight 
Rate” is applicable or for which the Calculation Method is specified as being “Weighted 
Average” becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due 
and payable (with corresponding adjustments being deemed to be made to the Terms and 
Conditions) and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(D) 
Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Rate of Interest. The determination of the 
Rate of Interest pursuant to this Condition 2(c) shall be subject to the following: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (1) generally, or (2) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates 
of Interest, in the case of (1), or the Rate of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (2), by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative 
number) the absolute value of such Margin. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the lesser of (1) the rate determined in accordance with Condition 2(c)(A), 
2(c)(B) or 2(c)(C), as applicable, and (2) such Maximum Rate of Interest.  
(iii) 
If any Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the greater of (1) the rate determined in accordance with Condition 
2(c)(A), 2(c)(B) or 2(c)(C), as applicable, and (2) such Minimum Rate of Interest.  
(d) 
Change of Interest Basis - Rate of Interest on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Floating to Fixed 
Rate Notes 
(A) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. If the Notes are specified as “Fixed to Floating Rate Notes” in the 
applicable Final Terms, interest shall accrue and be payable on such Notes: 
(i) 
with respect to the first Interest Period and such subsequent Interest Periods as are 
specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms at a fixed Rate of Interest in 
accordance with Condition 2(a) and the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
with respect to each Interest Period thereafter, at a floating Rate of Interest in accordance 
with Condition 2(c) and the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 59 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
59 
(B) 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes. If the Notes are specified as “Floating to Fixed Rate Notes” in the 
applicable Final Terms, interest shall accrue and be payable on such Notes: 
(i) 
with respect to the first Interest Period and such subsequent Interest Periods as are 
specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms at a floating Rate of Interest in 
accordance with Condition 2(c) and the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
with respect to each Interest Period thereafter, at a fixed Rate of Interest in accordance 
with Condition 2(a) and the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Zero 
Coupon Note Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 3(b)). As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption, unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused on the due date thereof, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest (or, in the case of Resettable Notes, at 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or (if there is one) at the last Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest) in the 
manner provided in this Condition 2 to the Relevant Date. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, the “Relevant Date” in respect of any payment means whichever 
is the later of (A) the date on which such payment first becomes due, and (B), (if any amount of the 
money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which the full amount of such moneys 
outstanding is paid or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders that such payment will be made. 
(g) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Terms and Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a business day convention (“Business Day Convention”) would otherwise fall on a 
day that is not a Business Day, then, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
(the “Following Business Day Convention”). 
(h) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Terms and Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (A) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (B) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up), and (C) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves 
being rounded up, save in the case of Japanese yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Japanese 
yen). For these purposes “unit” means, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency. 
(i) 
Calculations for Notes  
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest (or, in the case of Resettable Notes, the Initial 
Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest), the Calculation

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
60 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual 
Period, unless a Fixed Coupon Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest 
Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Fixed Coupon Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall 
be the sum of the Fixed Coupon Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall 
apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be 
calculated. 
Notwithstanding the previous paragraph, for so long as a Series of Notes is held in the Securities 
Settlement System, the method of calculation provided for above shall apply save that the calculation 
shall be made in respect of the total aggregate amount of the relevant Series of Notes.  
(j) 
Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, then subject to Condition 2(o) the Issuer or Determination 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Determination Agent 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Determination Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate 
of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be 
the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Determination 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
2(j): 
(A) 
in the case of the first Reset Determination Date only, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
if “Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, (1) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (2) the First Margin; 
(ii) 
if “Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, (1) the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate and (2) the First Margin; or 
(iii) 
if “Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, (1) the last observable rate for swaps in the Specified Currency 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
and (2) the First Margin;  
provided that (in the case of an issue of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) if the application of sub-
paragraphs (A)(ii) or (A)(iii) could, in the determination of the Issuer, reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL-
Eligible Instruments (as defined in Condition 3(f)) or to result in the Lead Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating the next Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Reset

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
61 
Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity 
Date, then sub-paragraph (A)(i) above will apply; or 
(B) 
in the case of any Reset Determination Date other than the first Reset Determination Date, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
if “Subsequent Reset Rate Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable, (1) the Mid-Swap Rate determined on the last preceding 
Reset Determination Date and (2) the Subsequent Margin; or 
(ii) 
if “Subsequent Reset Rate Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, (1) the last observable rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page and (2) the Subsequent Margin, provided that (in the case of an 
issue of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) if its application, in the determination of the Issuer, 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments or to result in the Lead Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating the next Interest Payment Date or 
Resettable Note Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date, then sub-paragraph (B)(i) above will apply, 
all as determined by the Determination Agent taking into consideration all available information 
that it in good faith deems relevant. 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(j), “Reference Banks” means the principal office in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice 
of an investment bank of international repute. 
(k) 
Linear interpolation 
Where “Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
“Screen Rate Determination” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Determination Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
For the purposes of this Condition 2(k), “Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(l) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation (and, 
in the case of Resettable Notes, each Reset Determination Date), determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, calculate the Redemption 
Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the 
Rate of Interest, the Reset Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period or

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
62 
Reset Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that 
is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (A) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period and/or 
Reset Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of 
Interest, Reset Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (B) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day 
after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date, Resettable Note Interest Payment Date, 
Resettable Note Reset Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 2(g), 
the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period or Reset 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 11, the accrued interest and the Rate of 
Interest or Reset Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall, subject to Condition 2(C)(c)(viii), 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 2 but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest, Reset Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be 
made. The determination of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Redemption Amount, the 
obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(m) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Notes. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each 
Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes. 
“Benchmark Frequency” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Benchmark Gilt” means, in respect of a Reset Period, such United Kingdom government security 
having an actual or interpolated maturity date on or about the last day of such Reset Period as the Issuer, 
on the advice of an independent financial institution of international repute, may determine would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in sterling and of a comparable maturity to the 
relevant Reset Period. 
“Benchmark Gilt Rate” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the percentage rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of the Gilt Yield Quotations provided (upon request by or on behalf of 
the Issuer) by the Reset Reference Banks to the Issuer and by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Reset Determination Date in respect of such 
Reset Period. If at least four quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded 
arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two 
or three quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
63 
quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded 
quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be determined by an 
independent financial institution of international repute in its sole discretion following consultation with 
the Issuer. 
“Business Day” means (A) in relation to all Notes other than those denominated in euro, a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which (i) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in Belgium, and (ii) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the currency in which the relevant Notes are denominated, 
and (B) in relation to Notes denominated in euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) (i) on which 
banks and forex markets are open for general business in Belgium, and (ii) on which the Securities 
Settlement System is operating, and (iii) (if a payment in Euro is to be made on that day) which is a day 
on which the TARGET 2 System is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”), and in relation to both (A) 
and (B) above, such other day as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or the 
Lead Manager on behalf of the relevant Dealers (as the case may be) and specified in the Final Terms.  
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
“CMT Designated Maturity” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“CMT Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such 
Reset Period, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent, and expressed as a percentage, equal to:  
(A) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for the CMT Designated 
Maturity, as published in the H.15(519) under the caption “treasury constant maturities 
(nominal)”, as that yield is displayed on the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Reset Determination 
Date; or  
(B) 
if the yield referred to in sub-paragraph (A) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New York City 
time) on the CMT Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the yield for the United States 
Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for the CMT Designated Maturity as published in the 
H.15(519) under the caption “treasury constant maturities (nominal)” on such Reset 
Determination Date; or  
(C) 
if the yield referred to in sub-paragraph (B) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York City 
time) on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset 
Determination Date. 
“CMT Rate Screen Page” means the relevant page specified in the relevant Final Terms or any 
successor service or such other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of 
displaying “treasury constant maturities” as reported in H.15(519). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”) (and provided 
that (x) the Day Count Fraction for any Floating Rate Notes denominated in Euro shall be Actual/360 
(as defined below), and (y) the Day Count Fraction for any Notes denominated in Euro with a maturity 
of one year or less shall be Actual/360 (as defined below)): 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
64 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(D) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= (360x(Y2-Y1))+(30x(M2-M1))+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1, is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(E) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= (360x(Y2-Y1))+(30x(M2-M1))+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
65 
Day Count Fraction= (360x(Y2-Y1))+(30x(M2-M1))+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period, and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period, and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period, and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Dates” means the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date or the Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date (as the case may be) and, assuming no Broken Amounts are payable, 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
“Designated Maturity” means the time period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Determination Agent” means an independent investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer and appointed at its own expense.

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
66 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Banking Federation. 
“Eurozone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to 
time. 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date until 
(but excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date, or if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
“First Reset Period Fallback” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, subject to Condition 2(j) above (where applicable), the rate of 
interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to 
the First Resettable Note Reset Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate of Interest plus the First 
Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Frequency to 
a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the relevant 
Notes during the First Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent). 
“First Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Fixed Rate Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Fixed Rate Note Provisions” in Part A of the 
Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Floating Rate Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Floating Rate Note Provisions” of Part A 
of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and which are 
specified as being Floating Rate Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Gilt Yield Quotation” means, with respect to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset Period, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered yields (on a semi-annual compounding basis) for the Benchmark 
Gilt in respect of that Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, as quoted by such Reset Reference Bank. 
“H.15(519)” means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
board 
of 
governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest per annum specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(A) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes, 
shall mean the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 2(i) or the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being payable on the Interest 
Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
67 
(B) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (A) the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling (and the Reference Rate is not SONIA) 
or (B) the day falling two Business Days for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro (and the Reference Rate is not 
SOFR) or (C) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Euro (and the Reference Rate is not €STR). 
“Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as an Interest Payment Date(s) in the applicable 
Final Terms (each such date a “Specified Interest Payment Date”) or, if no Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are set out in the applicable Final Terms, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date 
which falls the number of months or other period set out in these Terms and Conditions or the applicable 
Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as 
the case may be) and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date or 
Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case may be). 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Lag Look-back Period” means the number of days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest Determination 
Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Period Date. 
“Margin” means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that (A) 
the Margin may be specified either (i) generally, or (ii) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods 
and (B) the Margin may be zero. 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” means a percentage value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates (provided 
in yield) for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis of 
the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (A) has 
a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
(B) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, and (C) has a floating leg based 
on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
68 
applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means the reference rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” means as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 2(j) above, 
either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 
per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” means a percentage value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
which shall never be less than zero and, if not otherwise specified, shall be deemed to be zero. 
“New York Fed’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York currently at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the 
website of any successor administrator of SOFR. 
“Observation Method” means the method specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Observation Shift Period” means the number of days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of any Note and (A) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, shall be the percentage rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(B) in respect of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes, shall be the rate calculated in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of this Condition 2. 
“Redemption Amount” means (A) Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount, (B) Final Redemption 
Amount, (C) Redemption Amount (Call), (D) Redemption Amount (Put), (E) MREL Disqualification 
Event Early Redemption Amount, (F) Tax Event Redemption Amount or (G) Event of Default 
Redemption Amount, as applicable.

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
69 
“Reference Banks” means, in relation to Notes other than Resettable Notes, four major banks selected 
by the Issuer in the interbank market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate, which if 
EURIBOR is the relevant Reference Rate, shall be the Eurozone, or as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Reference Day” means each Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, other than any 
Banking Day in the Lock-out Period. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the 
currency and period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Single Resolution Board established by Regulation (EU) 
No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the bail-in power from time to time (including the 
Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010). 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information). 
“Relevant Time” means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, at which it is customary to determine such rate and, for these 
purposes, the Relevant Time in the case of EURIBOR shall be 11:00 a.m. Brussels time.  
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is sterling, the first 
Business Day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified Currency is euro, the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period, (iii) if the Specified Currency is US dollars, 
the day falling two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period 
(iv) for any other Specified Currency, the day falling two Business Days in the principal financial centre 
for such Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Reset Period. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period. 
“Reset Rate of Interest” means: 
(A) 
if “Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Mid-Swap Rate;  
(B) 
if “Benchmark Gilt Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Benchmark Gilt 
Rate; or  
(C) 
if “CMT Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant CMT Rate.  
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means, if “CMT Rate” is specified hereon, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotations provided by the Reset 
Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at or around 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date and, in either case, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 
per cent. being rounded upwards). If at least four quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank 
Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
70 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be (i) in the case of each Reset Period other than the Reset Period commencing 
on the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the relevant CMT Rate in respect of the immediately preceding 
Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the Reset Period commencing on the First Resettable Note Reset Date, 
an amount specified hereon as the “First Reset Period Fallback”. 
“Reset Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of the calculation of a Reset Reference Bank Rate where 
“CMT Rate” is specified hereon, five banks which are primary U.S. Treasury securities dealers or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. dollars in New York or (ii) in the case of a 
Benchmark Gilt Rate, five brokers of gilts and/or gilt-edged market makers, in each case, as selected by 
the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation Agent. 
“Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotations” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the 
Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
as being a yield-to-maturity based on the arithmetic mean of the secondary market bid prices (provided 
in yield) of the Reset Reference Banks for Reset United States Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 
p.m. (New York City time) on such Reset Determination Date. 
“Reset United States Treasury Securities” means, on the relevant Reset Determination Date, United 
States Treasury Securities with an original maturity equal to the CMT Designated Maturity, a remaining 
term to maturity of no more than one year shorter than the CMT Designated Maturity and in a principal 
amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such United States Treasury 
Securities in the New York City market. If two United States Treasury Securities have remaining terms 
to maturity equally close to the duration of the CMT Designated Maturity, the United States Treasury 
Security with the shorter remaining term to maturity will be used. 
“Resettable Note Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Resettable Note Reset Date” means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date as may be specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Resettable Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Resettable Notes Provisions” in Part A of the 
Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Second Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset 
Date. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, subject to Condition 2(j) above (where applicable), in 
respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the Subsequent 
Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Frequency to 
a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the relevant 
Notes during the relevant Subsequent Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation 
Agent).

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
71 
“Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“TARGET 2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on 
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
“United States Treasury Securities” means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount rate basis. 
“Zero Coupon Notes” means Notes which do not bear any interest, and in respect of which the “Zero 
Coupon Note” provisions in Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
(n) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents for so long as 
any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent 
is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Terms and Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Terms and 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount or the Redemption Amount or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any 
other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(o) 
Benchmark replacement  
  
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 2(c)(B), Condition 2(c)(C) or Condition 2(j), if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the following provisions of this Condition 2(o) shall apply. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, (i) 
where “SOFR” is specified as the Original Reference Rate, the provisions contained in limb (c) of the 
definition of SOFR shall apply prior to the application of this Condition 2(o) and (ii) where “SOFR” is 
specified as the Original Reference Rate and Index Determination is specified as being applicable, the 
fallback provisions contained in Condition 2(c)(C)(ii)(3) (for where the SOFR Index Rate value is not 
available in relation to any Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant Screen Page for the determination 
of either or both of SOFR IndexSTART and SOFR IndexEND) and the provisions contained in limb (c) of 
the definition of SOFR shall apply prior to the application of this Condition 2(o).  
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to advise (in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the 
Issuer in determining a Successor Rate or, if unable to determine a Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 2(o)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
72 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 2(o)(D)) for the purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for future Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods, 
as applicable (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 2(o) during any other future 
Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable). If the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, the Issuer may determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) and any Benchmark Amendments in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 2(o). 
In making such determination, the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (if any) appointed pursuant 
to this Condition 2(o) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an 
expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) neither the Issuer nor the Independent Adviser 
(if any) shall have any liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders 
for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 2(o). 
If the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 2(o)(A) prior to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable. If there has not 
been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where 
a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period or 
Reset Period, as applicable, shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period or 
Reset Period, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, as applicable, only and any subsequent 
Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable, are subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 2(o)(A).  
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any), determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 2(o)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
2(o)).  
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any), will determine the 
Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
which shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
73 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any), is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.  
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If (i) following the occurrence of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, SOFR is determined in 
accordance with limb (c) of the definition of SOFR or (ii) any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 2(o), and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any), 
determines (i) that amendments to these Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to follow market practice or to ensure the proper operation of SOFR or such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”), and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
2(o)(E), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents and any other agents party to the Agency Agreement shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to these Terms and Conditions as 
may be required in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 2(o)(D). 
Notwithstanding the above, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and any other agents party to the 
Agency Agreement shall not be obliged to agree to any amendments which, in the sole opinion 
of the Fiscal Agent and/or the Paying Agents (as applicable), would have the effect of imposing 
more onerous obligations upon them or exposing them to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or which would reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective provisions afforded 
to the Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and/or Calculation Agent (as applicable) in these Conditions 
or the Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental agency 
agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 2(o)(D), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 2(o), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate will be adopted in respect of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes, nor will the applicable 
Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any changes be made to the manner in which SOFR is to 
be determined, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Senior Non-
Preferred Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification 
of the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any 
changes be made to the manner in which SOFR is to be determined, nor will any other 
amendments to the terms and conditions of the Notes be made pursuant to this Condition 2(o), if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to result in the relevant authority treating the next Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Reset 
Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity 
Date.

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
74 
(E) 
Notices, etc. 
Any changes to the manner in which SOFR is to be determined, Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under 
these Terms and Conditions will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 8, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. The 
changes to the manner in which SOFR is to be determined, Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will 
(in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the manner in which SOFR 
is to be determined, Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders. 
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 2(o), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 2(j), Condition 2(c)(B), or Condition 
2(c)(C), as applicable, will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and the Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if any) determined in accordance with Condition 2(o), or 
of the changes to the manner in which SOFR is to be determined, in each case in accordance with 
Condition 2(o)(E). 
(G) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 2(o): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (y) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or  
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or in 
the case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any), determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread, formula or methodology is customarily 
applied, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any), 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(iv) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any), determines to be 
appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any), determines in accordance with Condition

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
75 
2(o)(B) is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable), or, if the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(o)(D). 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally or in respect of the Notes or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-
paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public 
statement and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
2(o)(A). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes 
(provided that if such originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it pursuant to this Condition 2(o)) has 
been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate pursuant to this Condition 
2(o), the term “Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate).

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
76 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (1) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (2) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (3) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
3 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
(A) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount. In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Maturity Date may not be 
less than one year from the date of issue of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
(B) 
In these Terms and Conditions:  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, (i) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to the 
product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount, provided that the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., or (ii) if “Par 
Redemption” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal 
to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount. 
“Specified Fixed Percentage Rate” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, which shall be determined by the Issuer at the time of issue on the basis of market 
conditions, provided that if no such rate is specified, the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate shall 
be 100 per cent. 
(b) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes and certain other Notes 
(A) 
The Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount payable in respect of (i) any Zero Coupon Note 
prior to the Maturity Date, or (ii) any Note in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
“Amortised Face Amount” as the applicable option for determination of the Redemption Amount, 
in each case upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 3(c), Condition 3(d), Condition 
3(e), Condition 3(f) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11 shall be 
the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount” means (i) if 
“Specified Redemption Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per 
Calculation Amount being the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation 
Amount provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 
100 per cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount, or (iii) if “Amortised Face

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
77 
Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with this 
Condition 3(b). 
(B) 
Subject to sub-paragraph (C) below, the “Amortised Face Amount” of any such Note shall be 
the scheduled Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Zero Coupon Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 3(c), Condition 3(d), Condition 3(e), Condition 3(f) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 11 is not paid when due, the Redemption Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined 
in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
reference therein to the Maturity Date were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue 
to be made (both before and after judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 3(c), Condition 3(d), Condition 3(e) or Condition 3(f), 
as the case may be. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms, subject in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes to the 
conditions set out in Condition 3(h), the Issuer may on giving such period of irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (which shall be not less than seven days) 
redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination(s) 
or integral multiples thereof on the Optional Redemption Date.  
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Redemption Amount (Call) together with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (as set out in the notice to the Noteholders). Any such 
redemption must relate to the Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Nominal 
Redemption Amount (if any) to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than 
the Maximum Nominal Redemption Amount (if any) to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 3(c). 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes, the relevant Notes will be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the Securities Settlement System. 
For these purposes, “Redemption Amount (Call)” means (A) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the product of the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (B) if “Par Redemption” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per Calculation 
Amount or (C) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount 
calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above.

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
78 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
In relation to all Notes other than Senior Non-Preferred Notes, if “Put Option” is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder 
of such Note giving such period of irrevocable notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which shall be not less than seven days) to the Issuer at such address as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, redeem such Note on the date or dates so provided at its Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. Any such 
redemption or exercise must relate to the Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Nominal Redemption Amount (if any) to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no 
greater than the Maximum Nominal Redemption Amount (if any) to be redeemed specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For these purposes, “Redemption Amount (Put)” means (A) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the product of the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (B) if “Par Redemption” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per Calculation 
Amount or (C) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount 
calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above.  
(e) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
Subject in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes to the conditions set out in Condition 3(h), the Issuer 
may, at its option (subject to giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 8 (with a copy to the Fiscal Agent), which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem 
all (but not some only) of the Notes outstanding on any Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date (as the case may be), or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at any time, at the 
Tax Event Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid, if any, to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption (as set out in the notice to the Noteholders), if, at any time, a Tax Event has 
occurred and is continuing, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 
days prior to the earliest date on which (x) the Issuer would be obliged to pay any additional amounts in 
the case of a Tax Gross-up Event, or (y) a payment in respect of the Notes would cease to be deductible 
or the tax-deductibility of such payment would reduce in the case of a Tax Deductibility Event, in each 
case, were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. The Issuer shall obtain an opinion of an 
independent legal adviser of recognised standing to the effect that a Tax Event exists. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
A “Tax Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if as a result of a Tax Law Change: 
(A) 
in making payments under the Notes (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in making 
interest payments only), the Issuer has or will on or before the next Interest Payment Date or 
Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) or the Maturity Date (as applicable) 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 5 (and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it) (a “Tax 
Gross-up Event”); or  
(B) 
on or before the next Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case 
may be) any payment of interest by the Issuer in respect of the Notes ceases (or will cease) to be 
tax-deductible by the Issuer for Belgian tax purposes or such tax-deductibility is reduced (a “Tax 
Deductibility Event”).

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
79 
“Tax Event Redemption Amount” means (A) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the product of the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will 
not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (B) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount, or (C) if 
“Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance 
with Condition 3(b) above. 
“Tax Law Change” means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Belgium, 
including any treaty to which Belgium is a party, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation thereof, which change or amendment (A) (subject to (B)) becomes effective on or after 
the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes or (B) in the case of a change in law, if such change is enacted 
on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes. 
(f) 
Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event  
If the Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and “MREL Disqualification Event” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the 
Issuer may, at its option, at any time and having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 calendar days’ 
notice to the holders of the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in accordance with Condition 8 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of such outstanding Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes at the MREL Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if 
any) thereon subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable MREL Regulations, and 
subject to Condition 3(h). 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Belgium and applicable to the Issuer and giving effect to MREL. 
“Lead Regulator” means the NBB, the European Central Bank or any successor entity primarily 
responsible for the prudential supervision of the Issuer, as applicable. 
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” for banking 
institutions under the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, establishing 
an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as set 
in accordance with Article 45 of such Directive (as transposed in article 459 of the Belgian Banking 
Law) and Commission Delegated Regulation (C(2016) 2976 final) of 23 May 2016, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including by national legislation transposing or implementing Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019).  
“MREL Disqualification Event” means at any time that all or part of the outstanding nominal amount 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of a Series does not or will not qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments 
under the Applicable MREL Regulations by reason of a change in the Applicable MREL Regulations 
(or in the application or official interpretation of such regulations), except where such non-qualification 
was reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes or is due to the remaining 
maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by the Applicable MREL Regulations in 
force as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes or is due to any restriction on the amount of 
liabilities that can count as MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
“MREL-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that is eligible to be counted towards the MREL of 
the Issuer in accordance with Applicable MREL Regulations. 
“MREL Disqualification Event Early Redemption Amount” means (A) if “Specified Redemption 
Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the product

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
80 
of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (B) if “Par Redemption” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per Calculation 
Amount or (C) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount 
calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above. 
(g) 
Repurchases 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
This Condition 3(g) shall apply in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes to the extent repurchases of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not prohibited by the Applicable MREL Regulations and subject to the 
conditions set out in Condition 3(h). 
(h) 
Conditions to redemption and repurchase 
Any optional redemption or repurchase of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes pursuant to this Condition 3 
is subject to the following conditions (in each case, if and to the extent then required by the Applicable 
MREL Regulations): 
(A) 
compliance with any conditions prescribed under the Applicable MREL Regulations, including 
the prior approval of the Lead Regulator or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if required); and 
(B) 
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to the redemption of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes to the extent set out in the Applicable MREL Regulations and 
required by the Lead Regulator or the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
Subject in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes to the conditions set out in Condition 3(h) above, all 
Notes repurchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be, and all Notes redeemed 
by the Issuer will be, cancelled. Any Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
4 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal and interest 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be made in accordance with the applicable 
rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as a participant 
and investor CSD with a banking licence in respect of the Securities Settlement System), Clearstream, 
SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Porto, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, LuxCSD and any 
other Securities Settlement System participant holding an interest in the relevant Notes, and any payment 
made by the Issuer to the Securities Settlement System will constitute good discharge for the Issuer. 
Upon receipt of any payment in respect of Notes, the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank (in 
its capacity as a participant and investor CSD with a banking licence in respect of the Securities 
Settlement System), Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Porto, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euroclear France, LuxCSD and any other Securities Settlement System participant, shall immediately 
credit the accounts of the relevant account holders with the payment. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its agents) and the Issuer will 
not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations,

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
81 
directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 5. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation 
Agent (together the “Agents”) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (A) 
a Fiscal Agent, (B) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and Conditions so require, (C) a 
Paying Agent having its specified offices in a major European city and which is a participant in the 
Securities Settlement System, and (D) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following business day, or as may be otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In these Terms and 
Conditions, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which: (x) banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of payment in such jurisdictions as 
shall be specified as “Business Day Jurisdictions” in the applicable Final Terms; (y) the Securities 
Settlement System is open; and (z) either: 
(A) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or 
(B) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
5 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Belgium or any 
political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction 
of such taxes, duties, assessments or other charges is required by law or regulation. 
In that event, or if a clearing system or any participant in a clearing system withholds or deducts for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such 
withholding or deduction shall be not less than the respective amounts of principal and interest, or interest only 
in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes where “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Gross Up” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, which would have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of any Note:

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
82 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of its having some 
connection with Belgium or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
other than the mere holding of the Note, or the receipt of principal, interest or other amount in 
respect of the Note; or 
(b) 
Non-Eligible Investors: to a holder who, at the time of its acquisition of the Notes, was not an 
Eligible Investor within the meaning of Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the 
deduction of withholding tax or to a holder who was an Eligible Investor at the time of its 
acquisition of the Notes but, for reasons within the holder’s control, ceased to be an Eligible 
Investor or, at any relevant time on or after its acquisition of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet 
any other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 August 
1993 relating to transactions with certain securities; or 
(c) 
Conversion into registered Notes: to a holder who is liable to such withholding or deduction 
because the Notes were converted into registered Notes upon his/her request and could no longer 
be cleared through the Securities Settlement System. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or 
on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Sections 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”), or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or 
official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA 
Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts in respect 
of FATCA Withholding. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to (A) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, all Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to Condition 3 or any amendment or supplement to it, (B) “interest” shall be 
deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 2 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, and (C) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts that may be payable under this Condition 5. 
6 
Status and subordination 
The Notes may be either senior preferred Notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”) or senior non-preferred Notes 
(“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes in respect of which the status is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as “Senior Preferred Notes”) are direct, unconditional, senior and unsecured 
(chirographaires/chirografaire) obligations of the Issuer and rank at all times: 
(A) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, which will fall or are expressed to 
fall within the category of obligations described in article 389/1, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law, 
but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws relating to creditors’ rights; 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any obligations ranking pari passu 
with or junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
83 
(C) 
junior to the claims of depositors and to all present and future claims as may be preferred by laws 
of general application. 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders 
will have a right to payment under the Senior Preferred Notes (including for any accrued but unpaid 
interest and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Terms and Conditions): 
(A) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of present and future claims as may be 
preferred by laws of general application or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Preferred 
Notes; and 
(B) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and 
other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Preferred Notes. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer 
which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in article 389/1, 2° of the 
Belgian Banking Law, including Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(A) 
Status 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes in respect of which the status is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to be “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”) are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law and are direct, unconditional, senior 
and unsecured (chirographaires/chirografaire) obligations of the Issuer and rank at all times: 
(i) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the 
extent permitted by laws relating to creditors’ rights;  
(ii) 
senior to any subordinated obligations of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
junior to present and future claims of (1) depositors of the Issuer, (2) other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations 
of the Issuer, and (3) all other present and future claims as may be preferred by laws of 
general application. 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
liquidation, 
dissolution 
or 
winding-up 
of 
the 
Issuer 
by 
reason 
of 
bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including for any accrued but unpaid interest and any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations under these Terms and Conditions): 
(i) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of Senior Preferred Notes and other 
present and future claims benefiting from statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in 
priority to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of any subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations.

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
84 
(B) 
Waiver of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, compensation 
or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, where “Waiver of Set-
Off” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and each Noteholder shall, by 
virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a relevant Senior 
Preferred Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention. 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any amounts owing to any holder of a Senior Non-
Preferred Note or a relevant Senior Preferred Note by the Issuer is discharged by set-off, such 
holder shall, unless such payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal to the 
amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or administration, the 
liquidator or administrator, as appropriate, of the Issuer for the payment to creditors of the Issuer 
in respect of amounts owing to them by the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be 
deemed not to have taken place. 
(c) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Substitution and Variation 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in relation to which this Condition 6(c) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as applying, then, following a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at 
its sole discretion and without the consent of the Noteholders, by giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 8 substitute or vary the terms of all, but 
not some only, of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes then outstanding so that they become or, as 
appropriate, remain, Qualifying Securities. 
Any substitution or variation of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes pursuant to Condition 6(c) is subject to 
compliance with any conditions prescribed under the Applicable MREL Regulations, including the prior 
approval of the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if required). 
In these Terms and Conditions:  
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any affiliate thereof. 
“Qualifying Securities” means, at any time, any securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(A) 
rank equally with the ranking of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
(B) 
(other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 15(d)) have terms not 
materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of 
international standing, and provided that a certification of two members of the management board 
of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent prior to the substitution or variation of 
the relevant securities), provided that such securities shall: 
(i) 
contain terms such that they comply with the Applicable MREL Regulations; 
(ii) 
not contain terms which would cause a MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Event to 
occur as a result of such substitution or variation;  
(iii) 
include terms which provide for the same Rate of Interest from time to time, Interest 
Payment Dates or Resettable Note Interest Payment Dates (as the case may be), Maturity 
Date and, if applicable, optional redemption dates, as apply to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes;

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
85 
(iv) 
preserve any existing right under these Terms and Conditions to any accrued interest, 
principal and/or premium which has not been satisfied; and 
(v) 
not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral of payments of 
principal and/ or interest;  
(C) 
are listed on (i) the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
(“Euronext Dublin”) or (ii) such other regulated market in the European Economic Area as 
selected by the Issuer (to the extent the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin or such other regulated market in the European Economic Area prior 
to their substitution or variation); and 
(D) 
where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes which have been substituted or varied had a solicited credit 
rating immediately prior to their substitution or variation, be assigned a solicited credit rating 
equal to or higher than (i) the solicited credit rating of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to their substitution or variation or (ii) where the solicited credit rating of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes was, as a result of Condition 15(d) becoming ineffective and/or 
unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the solicited credit rating of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such amendment. 
“Rating Agency” means each of Fitch and S&P or their respective successors. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any affiliate thereof. 
7 
Substitution of the Issuer  
Subject to this Condition 7 being specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer or any previous 
substituted company, may, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute for itself as principal 
debtor under the Notes, any company (the “Substitute”) provided that:  
(a) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority 
(as required) approves the substitution; 
(b) 
the substitution is made by a deed poll or by execution of such other documentation as the Issuer 
determines is appropriate to give effect to such substitution; 
(c) 
no payment of principal of, or interest on, the Notes is at the time of such substitution overdue; 
(d) 
the Substitute assumes all obligations and liabilities of the substituted Issuer in its capacity as debtor 
arising from, or in connection with, the Notes and the substitution is subject to Euroclear Bank 
irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteeing on a senior preferred basis (in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes) or on a senior non-preferred basis (in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the obligations of the 
Substitute; 
(e) 
the Substitute becomes a party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, and assumes all the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer in its capacity as debtor under 
the Notes contained therein and shall be bound as fully as if the Substitute had been named therein as 
an original party; 
(f) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the deed poll or by execution of such other documentation as the Issuer 
determines is appropriate, agree to indemnify the holder of each Note against any tax, duty, fee or 
governmental charge that is imposed on such holder by the jurisdiction of the country of its residence 
for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein with respect to any Note and that would not have been so imposed had it not been

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
86 
substituted as the principal debtor and any tax, duty, fee or governmental charge imposed on or relating 
to such substitution and any costs or expenses of such substitution; 
(g) 
the Substitute obtains all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents, takes all 
actions and fulfils all conditions necessary for such substitution and to ensure that the deed poll or other 
document executed to give effect to the substitution and the Notes represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute; 
(h) 
the Substitute shall cause legal opinions to be delivered to the Noteholders (care of the Fiscal Agent) 
from lawyers with a leading securities practice in Belgium, England and the jurisdiction of the Substitute 
confirming the validity of the substitution and the continuance or giving of the guarantee referred to in 
Condition 7(d) above; 
(i) 
each stock exchange which the Notes are listed on or the relevant competent authority relating thereto 
shall have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Issuer, such Notes would continue 
to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(j) 
following the substitution, the Notes will continue to be represented by book-entry in the records of the 
Securities Settlement System; 
(k) 
where the Notes had a published rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to the substitution of 
the Issuer, the Notes shall continue to be rated by such Rating Agency immediately following such 
substitution and the published ratings assigned to the Notes by such Rating Agency immediately 
following such substitution will be no less than those assigned to the Notes immediately prior thereto; 
and 
(l) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of a proposed substitution to the Noteholders, 
such notice to be published in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, stating that copies, or 
pending execution, the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to 
above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to the Noteholders, shall be available 
for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and each of the other Paying Agents. 
References in Condition 11 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations of the 
Substitute under the deed poll or other documentation executed in order to give effect to the substitution. 
8 
Notices 
All notices to holders of Notes shall be validly given if (a) delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB 
for communication by it to the participants of the Securities Settlement System, (b) in the case of Notes held in 
a securities account, through a direct notification through the applicable clearing system, (c) if and for so long 
as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin (and the rules of that exchange so require), when filed with the 
Companies Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin, and (d) in the case of Notes held in a securities account 
with Euroclear Bank, through a direct notification in the account statements. 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above or, in the case of direct 
notification, any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date immediately following the date of 
notification.

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
87 
9 
Prescription 
Claims for principal and interest shall become void ten or five years, respectively, after the Relevant Date 
thereof, unless application to a court of law for such payment has been initiated on or before such respective 
time. 
10 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modification to Agency Agreement 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(A) 
Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) of these Terms and Conditions contains 
provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (the “Meeting Provisions”) to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
below) of a modification of any of these Terms and Conditions. The provisions of this Condition 
10(a) are subject to, and should be read together with, the more detailed provisions contained in 
the Meeting Provisions (which shall prevail in the event of any inconsistency).  
Meetings of Noteholders may be convened to consider matters relating to Notes, including the 
modification or waiver of any provision of these Terms and Conditions applicable to any relevant 
Series of Notes. Any such modification or waiver may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. For the avoidance of doubt, any such modification or waiver shall always be subject 
to the consent of Euroclear Bank. An “Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at 
a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with these Terms and Conditions 
and the Meeting Provisions by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast. 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the Meeting Provisions. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in 
writing of Noteholders holding not less than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. A meeting of Noteholders will be entitled (subject to the consent of the Issuer) 
to modify or waive any provision of these Terms and Conditions applicable to any Series of Notes 
(including any proposal (A) to modify the maturity of a Series of Notes or the dates on which 
interest is payable in respect of a Series of Notes, (B) to reduce or cancel the principal amount 
of, or interest on, a Series of Notes, (C) to change the currency of payment of a Series of Notes, 
or (D) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders) 
in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements set out in the Meeting Provisions. 
Resolutions duly passed in accordance with the Meeting Provisions shall be binding on all 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting (if applicable) or, as the case may be, 
whether or not they vote in favour of the relevant resolution (whether at any such meeting or 
pursuant to a Written Resolution or by way of Electronic Consent). 
A Written Resolution (as defined in the Meeting Provisions) signed, or Electronic Consent (as 
defined in the Meeting Provisions) given, by the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. A 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be made in accordance with the Meeting 
Provisions. Convening notices shall also be made in accordance with Condition 8. 
Resolutions of Noteholders will only be effective if such resolutions have been approved by the 
Issuer and, if required, by the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
88 
For the avoidance of doubt, modifications to these Terms and Conditions to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments determined pursuant to Condition 2(o) may be made without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
Without prejudice to Condition 2(o), the Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, 
if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
11 
Events of Default  
(a) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted 
Events of Default” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms – Events of Default:  
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Events of Default” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and such default continues for a period of 30 days or more after 
the due date, any holder of the relevant Notes may institute proceedings for the dissolution or liquidation 
of the Issuer in Belgium. 
In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the following 
events 
creating 
a 
“samenloop 
van 
schuldeisers/concours 
de 
créanciers”: 
bankruptcy 
(“faillissement/faillite”), judicial liquidation (“gerechtelijke vereffening/liquidation forcée”), voluntary 
liquidation (“vrijwillige vereffening/liquidation volontaire”) (other than a voluntary liquidation in 
connection with a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the continuing corporation assumes all 
the liabilities of the Issuer), dissolution (“ontbinding/liquidation”), moratorium of payments 
(“moratorium/moratoire”) and other measures agreed between the Issuer and its creditors relating to the 
Issuer’s payment difficulties, or an official decree of such measures), each holder of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Events of Default” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its 
specified office that its Note(s) is (are) immediately repayable, whereupon the Event of Default 
Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment 
shall become immediately due and payable. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as referred to in this Condition 11(a) shall be available to the 
holders of the relevant Notes, whether for recovery of amounts owing in respect of the relevant Notes or 
in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under or in respect of the relevant Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the holders of the relevant Notes waive, to the fullest extent permitted by 
law (A) all their rights whatsoever pursuant to Article 1184 of the Belgian Civil Code to rescind 
(“ontbinden/résoudre”), or to demand legal proceedings for the rescission (“ontbinding/resolution”) of, 
the relevant Notes, and (B) to the extent applicable, all their rights whatsoever in respect of the relevant 
Notes pursuant to Article 7:64 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code. 
(b) 
Senior Preferred Notes if “Senior Preferred Notes Restricted Events of Default” is not specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms – Events of Default: 
If any of the events set out below in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where “Senior Preferred Notes 
Restricted Events of Default” is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (“Events of 
Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note may give written notice specifying the Event 
of Default to the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent at its specified office and declaring that such Note is 
immediately repayable, whereupon the Event of Default Redemption Amount of such Note together (if 
applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
89 
(unless such Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Fiscal 
Agent): 
(A) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the relevant Notes on 
the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the relevant 
Notes within three days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(B) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations under or in respect of the relevant Notes and such default remains unremedied 
for 10 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been 
delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(C) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Principal Subsidiary:  
(i) 
any indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is not paid when due or 
(as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period;  
(ii) 
any such indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default (howsoever described thereunder); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any guarantee of any indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (C)(i) and/or subparagraph 
(C)(ii) above and/or the amount payable under any guarantee referred to in subparagraph (C)(iii) 
above, individually or in the aggregate, exceeds €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or  
(D) 
Insolvency, etc.: (i) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable 
to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application for 
any such appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or the 
whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries, (iii) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment 
or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of 
its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it, or (iv) the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its 
business (otherwise than, (x) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes 
of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent, or (y) in the 
case of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring whilst solvent where the surviving entity assumes the obligations of the Issuer and 
benefits from a credit rating equal to or higher than the relevant rating assigned to the Issuer prior 
to the reorganisation); or 
(E) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries (otherwise than, (x) in 
the case of a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent, or (y) in the case of the Issuer, for 
the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent 
where the surviving entity assumes the obligations of the Issuer and benefits from a credit rating 
equal to or higher than the relevant rating assigned to the Issuer prior to the reorganisation); or

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
90 
(F) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in sub-paragraph (E) (Winding up, etc.) above; 
or 
(G) 
Change of Ownership: the Issuer (or the surviving entity that, for the purposes of, or pursuant to, 
an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent assumes the obligations of the 
Issuer and benefits from a credit rating equal to or higher than the relevant rating assigned to the 
Issuer prior to the reorganisation) ceases, directly or indirectly, to own more than 99 per cent. of 
the share capital or voting rights of any Principal Subsidiary, or such lower percentage of the 
share capital or voting rights of a Principal Subsidiary as is owned by the Issuer on the Issue Date 
or, if later, the date on which any person becomes a Principal Subsidiary; or 
(H) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the relevant Notes. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Event of Default Redemption Amount” means (A) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the product of the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will 
not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (B) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount, or (C) if 
“Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance 
with Condition 3(b) above.  
“Principal Subsidiary” means any subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(A) 
whose total assets or total profits before tax (“Gross Profits”) represent 10 per cent. or more of 
the total assets or Gross Profits (as the case may be) of Euroclear Bank and its subsidiaries taken 
as a whole, in each case calculated by reference to the audited consolidated accounts of Euroclear 
Bank (total assets and total Gross Profits will, in respect of the subsidiaries, exclude assets and 
profits eliminated in such consolidation); or 
(B) 
to which is transferred (since the date of the most recent published audited accounts of the Issuer 
and the audited consolidated accounts of its subsidiaries) all or substantially all the assets and 
undertakings of a subsidiary which, immediately prior to such transfer, was a Principal 
Subsidiary.  
“subsidiary” means a subsidiary within the meaning of section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006. 
12 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the date for and amount 
of the first payment of interest) so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in these Terms and Conditions to 
“Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes, and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with such Notes, and references in these Terms and Conditions and in Schedule 1 (Provisions on 
meetings of Noteholders) to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
13 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, 
in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder in respect of any sum expressed 
to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer, to the extent of the amount in the

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
91 
currency of payment under the relevant Note that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received 
or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that 
purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered 
is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note, the Issuer shall indemnify it against 
any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer, shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of 
making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition 13, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder, as 
the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any 
Noteholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a 
liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or any other judgment or order. 
14 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
15 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law save that (A) any matter relating to title to, 
and the dematerialised form of, such Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with title to, and any matter relating to the dematerialised form of, such Notes, and 
(B) Conditions 1, 6, 11 and Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) shall be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising therefrom and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
any Notes including any disputes relating to any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom 
(“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the 
courts of England and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on 
the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. These submissions are 
made for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes and shall not affect the right of any of them to 
take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one 
or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently 
or not).  
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Euroclear UK & International Limited (FAO: Company Secretary) at 
Watling House, 33 Cannon St, London EC4M 5SB, United Kingdom as its agent in England to receive, 
for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed 
completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the 
Issuer). If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address 
in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately 
notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 8. Nothing shall affect the right 
to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
92 
(d) 
Acknowledgment and Consent of the Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which includes any current or 
future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), each Noteholder (which includes any current or future 
holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the 
Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by (x) the variation of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of 
any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and (y) the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. Such exercise may, among others, include and result in any 
of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(A) 
all, or part of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes being reduced or 
cancelled; 
(B) 
all or part of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes being converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person and such shares, securities or 
obligations being issued to or conferred on the Noteholder, including by means of a variation, 
modification or amendment of the Terms and Conditions; and 
 (C) 
the maturity of the Notes being amended or altered, or the amount of interest payable on the 
Notes, or date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period being amended. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of any Bail-in Power with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay in 
accordance with Condition 8. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 15(d). 
The exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes shall 
not constitute an Event of Default, and these Conditions shall continue to apply in relation to any residual 
principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any 
modification of the amount of interest payable to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any 
further modification of the terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions and/or investment firms. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
In this Condition,  
“Bail-in Power” means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension 
power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations 
(including delegated or implementing measures such regulatory technical standards), requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms 
and their parent undertakings, and minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
loss absorbing capacity instruments of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Lead Regulator (or any successor 
or replacement entity having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer), the Relevant Resolution Authority, the Financial Stability Board and/or of the European 
Parliament or of the Council of the European Union then in effect in the Kingdom of Belgium, pursuant 
to which obligations of the Issuer can be reduced, modified, cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
93 
otherwise varied in any way, or securities of the Issuer can be written down and/ or converted into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person, whether in connection with the 
implementation of a bail-in power following placement in resolution or otherwise; and 
“Relevant Amounts” means the principal amount of, and/or interest on, the Notes. These amounts 
include amounts that have become due and payable but which have prior to the exercise of the Bail-in 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority not yet been paid.

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
94 
SCHEDULE 1 
PROVISIONS ON MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
Interpretation 
1. 
In this Schedule: 
1.1 
references to a “meeting” are to a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series of Notes and include, 
unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment; 
1.2 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series and in respect of which 
a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
1.3 
“agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Noteholder; 
1.4 
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 8; 
1.5 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph 29.1; 
1.6 
“electronic platform” means any form of telephony or electronic platform or facility and includes, 
without limitation, telephone and video conference call and application technology systems;  
1.7 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) by 
a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast, (b) by a Written Resolution, or (c) by an 
Electronic Consent; 
1.8 
“hybrid meeting” means a combined physical meeting and virtual meeting at which persons may 
attend either at the physical location or via an electronic platform, each as specified in the notice 
of such meeting; 
1.9 
“Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in paragraph 4 
and passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of not less than 50 per cent. of the votes cast; 
1.10 
“physical meeting” means any meeting attended by persons present in person at the physical 
location specified in the notice of such meeting 
1.11 
“present” or “present at” means physically present in person at a physical meeting or a hybrid 
meeting, or being able to join a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting held via an electronic platform;  
1.12 
“Recognised Accountholder” means an entity recognised as account holder in accordance with 
Article 7:35 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code; 
1.13 
“Securities Settlement System” means the securities settlement system operated by the NBB or 
any successor thereto; 
1.14 
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 7; 
1.15 
“virtual meeting” means any meeting held via an electronic platform; 
1.16 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding; and

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
95 
1.17 
references to persons representing a proportion of the Notes are to Noteholders, proxies or 
representatives of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate not less than that 
proportion in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
General 
2. 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions set out in this Schedule. Where 
any of the provisions of this Schedule would be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that will not affect the 
legality, validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this Schedule. 
Powers of meetings 
3. 
A meeting shall, subject to the Terms and Conditions and (except in the case of sub-paragraph 3.5) only 
with the consent of the Issuer and, where applicable, the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by this Schedule, have power by 
Extraordinary Resolution: 
3.1 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise 
of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer (other than in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions or pursuant to applicable law); 
3.2 
to assent to any modification of this Schedule or the Notes proposed by the Issuer or the Paying 
Agent; 
3.3 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.4 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.5 
to appoint any person or persons (whether Noteholders or not) as an individual or a committee or 
committees to represent the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers (or discretions 
which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution); 
3.6 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal 
debtor under the Notes or to approve the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Notes into 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person, in each case in 
circumstances not provided for in the Terms and Conditions or under applicable law; and 
3.7 
to accept any security interests established in favour of the Noteholders or a modification to the 
nature or scope of any existing security interest or a modification to the release mechanics of any 
existing security interests. 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 17 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution (a 
“special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph 3.6 or for the purpose of making a 
modification to the Terms and Conditions, the Notes or this Schedule which would have the effect (other 
than in accordance with the Terms and Conditions or pursuant to applicable law): 
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or date for payment of interest 
or interest amounts; 
(ii) 
to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate or 
a modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest;

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
96 
(iii) 
to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes or a modification of the 
conditions under which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made; 
(iv) 
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or 
the date for any such payment in circumstances not provided for in the Terms and 
Conditions; 
(v) 
to change the currency of payment of the Notes; 
(vi) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vii) 
to amend this proviso. 
Ordinary Resolution 
4. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred on other 
persons by this Schedule, a meeting of Noteholders shall have power by Ordinary Resolution: 
4.1 
to assent to any decision to take any conservatory measures in the general interest of the 
Noteholders; 
4.2 
to assent to the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution; or 
4.3 
to assent to any other decisions which do not require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed. 
 
Any modification or waiver of any of the Terms and Conditions shall always be subject to the consent of 
the Issuer and, if and to the extent applicable, the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Convening a meeting 
5. 
The Issuer may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 20 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Paying Agent, it being 
understood that meetings can be held by way of a physical meeting, a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting. 
6. 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting. The notice shall specify the 
date and time of the meeting and: 
 
6.1 
in the case of a physical meeting, the place of such meeting;  
 
6.2 
in the case of a virtual meeting, the details of the electronic platform to be used for such meeting 
(including details of how to access the meeting via that electronic platform); and  
 
6.3 
in the case of a hybrid meeting, the place of such meeting and the details of the electronic 
platform to be used for such meeting (including details of how to access the meeting via that 
electronic platform),

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
97 
 
and the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how Noteholders may appoint proxies or 
representatives obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting Instructions and the details of the time 
limits applicable. 
Arrangements for voting 
7. 
A Voting Certificate shall: 
7.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
7.2 
state that on the date thereof (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Block Voting 
Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Voting 
Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to 
the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System) held to its 
order or under its control and (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the 
Securities Settlement System) blocked by it, and (ii) that no such Notes will cease to be so held 
and blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System who issued the same; and 
7.3 
further state that until the release of the Notes represented thereby the bearer of such certificate is 
entitled to attend or join and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting in respect of the 
Notes represented by such certificate. 
8. 
A Block Voting Instruction shall: 
8.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
8.2 
certify that the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction and any such 
adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such 
Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System) held to its order or under its 
control and blocked by it and that no such Notes will cease to be so held and (if and only to the 
extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked until the 
first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System 
to the Issuer, stating that certain of such Notes cease to be held with it or under its control 
and blocked and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting Instruction; 
8.3 
certify that each holder of such Notes has instructed such Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System that the vote(s) attributable to the Note or Notes so held and (if and 
only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) 
blocked should be cast in a particular way in relation to the resolution or resolutions which will be 
put to such meeting or any such adjourned meeting and that all such instructions cannot be revoked

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
98 
or amended during the period commencing 48 hours prior to the time for which such meeting or 
any such adjourned meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment thereof; 
8.4 
state the principal amount of the Notes so held and (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules 
and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked, distinguishing with regard to each 
resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the 
votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution, (ii) those in respect of which 
instructions have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the 
resolution, and (iii) those in respect of which instructions have been so given to abstain from voting; 
and 
8.5 
naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a “proxy”) as being authorised and instructed 
to cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the instructions referred to in 
paragraph 8.4 above as set out in such document.  
9. 
If a holder of Notes wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting Instruction for a 
meeting, he must (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement 
System) block such Notes for that purpose at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting to the 
order of the Paying Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the Paying Agent for the purpose. 
The Paying Agent or such bank or other depositary shall then issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect of 
the votes attributable to all Notes so blocked. 
10. 
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction. 
11. 
The proxy appointed for purposes of the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate does not need to be 
a Noteholder. 
12. 
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions in 
respect of Notes held to the order or under the control and (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules 
and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System and which have been deposited at the registered office at the Issuer not less 
than 48 hours before the time for which the meeting to which the relevant voting instructions and Block 
Voting Instructions relate, has been convened or called. The Voting Certificate and Block Voting 
Instructions shall be valid for as long as the relevant Notes continue to be so held and blocked. During the 
validity thereof, the holder of any such Voting Certificate or (as the case may be) the proxies named in any 
such Block Voting Instruction shall, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting, be deemed to 
be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
13. 
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated as valid, 
unless the chair of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds to 
business. 
Chair 
14. 
The chair of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate in writing, but if no such nomination 
is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the meeting the 
Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chair, failing which the Issuer may 
appoint a chair. The chair need not be a Noteholder or agent. The chair of an adjourned meeting need not 
be the same person as the chair of the original meeting.

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
99 
Attendance 
15. 
The following may attend or join and speak at a meeting: 
15.1 
Noteholders and their respective agents and financial and legal advisers; 
15.2 
the chair and the secretary of the meeting; 
15.3 
the Issuer and the Paying Agent (through their respective representatives) and their respective 
financial and legal advisers; and 
15.4 
any other person approved by the Issuer. 
No one else may attend, join and/or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
16. 
No business (except choosing a chair) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at the 
commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed for 
the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case it shall 
be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, and time and (in the case of a 
physical meeting) place or (in the case of a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting) electronic platform as the 
chair may decide. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so 
adjourned, the meeting shall be dissolved. 
17. 
One or more Noteholders or agents present at the meeting shall be a quorum: 
17.1 
in the cases marked “No minimum proportion” in the table below, whatever the proportion of the 
Notes which they represent; and  
17.2 
in any other case, only if they represent the proportion of the Notes shown by the table below. 
 
Purpose of meeting 
Any meeting except for a 
meeting previously adjourned 
through want of a quorum 
Meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want of a 
quorum 
 
Required proportion 
Required proportion 
To pass a special quorum resolution 
75 per cent. 
25 per cent. 
To pass any Extraordinary 
Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion 
To pass an Ordinary Resolution 
A clear majority  
No minimum proportion 
 
18. 
The chair may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting adjourn the meeting from time to time 
and from place to place (in the case of a physical meeting or a hybrid meeting) or electronic platform (in 
the case of a virtual meeting or hybrid meeting). Only business which could have been transacted at the

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
100 
original meeting may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or paragraph 
16. 
19. 
At least ten days’ notice of a meeting adjourned due to the quorum not being present shall be given in the 
same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned 
meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of an adjourned general 
meeting. 
Voting 
20. 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands, unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chair, the Issuer or one or more persons 
representing not less than 2 per cent. of the Notes outstanding. 
21. 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chair that a resolution has or has not been passed shall be 
conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in favour of or 
against it. 
22. 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or after 
such adjournment as the chair directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the 
meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall not prevent the 
meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has been demanded. 
23. 
A poll demanded on the election of a chair or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once. 
24. 
On a show of hands or a poll every person has one vote in respect of each Note so produced or represented 
by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the 
obligations of proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the 
same way. 
25. 
In case of equality of votes the chair shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote in 
addition to any other votes which he may have. 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution 
26. 
An Extraordinary Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not present at the meeting, and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing 
of such a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The Issuer 
shall give notice of the passing of an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution to Noteholders 
within fourteen days but failure to do so shall not invalidate the resolution. 
Minutes 
27. 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chair of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the matters 
in them. Until the contrary is proved every meeting for which minutes have been so made and signed shall 
be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it 
to have been duly passed and transacted. 
28. 
The minutes must be published on the website of the Issuer within fifteen (15) days after they have been 
passed.

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
101 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
29. 
For so long as the Notes are in dematerialised form and settled through the Securities Settlement System, 
then in respect of any matters proposed by the Issuer: 
29.1 
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders 
through the relevant clearing system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs 29.1.1 and/or 29.1.2, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) 
to the Paying Agent or another specified agent in accordance with their operating rules and 
procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes outstanding (the “Required Proportion”) by close of business on the Specified Date 
(“Electronic Consent”). Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, 
even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. The Issuer shall not be liable or 
responsible to anyone for such reliance. 
29.1.1 When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been made, at 
least fifteen days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day 
on which affirmative consents will be counted) shall be given to the Noteholders through 
the relevant clearing system(s). The notice shall specify, in sufficient detail to enable 
Noteholders to give their consents in relation to the proposed resolution, the method by 
which their consents may be given (including, where applicable, blocking of their 
accounts in the relevant clearing system(s)) and the time and date (the “Specified Date”) 
by which they must be received in order for such consents to be validly given, in each case 
subject to and in accordance with the operating rules and procedures of the relevant 
clearing system(s). 
29.1.2 If, on the Specified Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent are 
first counted, such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the resolution shall 
be deemed to be defeated. Such determination shall be notified in writing to the Paying 
Agent. Alternatively, the Issuer may give a further notice to Noteholders that the 
resolution will be proposed again on such date and for such period as determined by the 
Issuer. Such notice must inform Noteholders that insufficient consents were received in 
relation to the original resolution and the information specified in sub-paragraph 29.1.1 
above. For the purpose of such further notice, references to “Specified Date” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a 
resolution which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened in 
accordance with paragraph 6 above, unless that meeting is or shall be cancelled or 
dissolved. 
29.2 
To the extent Electronic Consent is not being sought in accordance with paragraph 29.1, a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
provided that the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified in advance to the Noteholders 
through the relevant clearing system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders.

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
 
102 
30. 
A Written Resolution or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution or an Ordinary 
Resolution. A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders whether or 
not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent. 
Additional provisions applicable to Virtual and/or Hybrid Meetings 
31. 
The Issuer in its sole discretion may decide to hold a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting and, in such case, 
shall provide details of the means for Noteholders or their proxies or representatives to attend, participate 
in and/or speak at the meeting, including the electronic platform to be used and details of how to attend, 
participate in and/or speak at the meeting via that electronic platform. 
32. 
The Issuer or the chair in its sole discretion may make any arrangement and impose any requirement or 
restriction as is necessary to ensure the identification of those entitled to take part in a virtual meeting or 
hybrid meeting and the suitability of the electronic platform. All documentation that is required to be passed 
between persons present at or for the purposes of a virtual meeting or persons attending a hybrid meeting 
via the electronic platform (in each case, in whatever capacity) shall be communicated by email (or such 
other medium of electronic communication as the Issuer may approve). 
33. 
All resolutions put to a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting shall be voted on by a poll in accordance with 
paragraphs 22-25 above (inclusive) and such poll votes may be cast by such means as the Issuer in its sole 
discretion considers appropriate for the purposes of the virtual meeting or hybrid meeting. 
34. 
Persons seeking to attend and participate in a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting via the electronic platform 
shall be responsible for ensuring that they have access to the facilities (including, without limitation, IT 
systems, equipment and connectivity) which are necessary to enable them to do so.  
35. 
In determining whether persons are attending or participating in a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting via 
the electronic platform, it is immaterial whether any two or more members attending it are in the same 
physical location as each other or how they are able to communicate with each other.  
36. 
Two or more persons who are not in the same physical location as each other attend a virtual meeting or a 
hybrid meeting if their circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to speak or vote at 
that meeting, they are (or would be) able to exercise them.  
37. 
The chair of a meeting reserves the right to take such steps as the chair shall determine in its absolute 
discretion to avoid or minimise disruption at the meeting. 
38. 
The Issuer in its sole discretion may make whatever arrangements it considers appropriate to enable those 
attending a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote at it. 
39. 
A person is deemed able to exercise the right to speak at a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting when that 
person is in a position to communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the meeting, as 
contemplated by the relevant provisions of this Schedule. 
40. 
A person is deemed able to exercise the right to vote at a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting when:  
 
40.1 
that person is able to vote, during the meeting, on resolutions put to the vote at the meeting; 
and 
40.2 
that person’s vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not such resolutions 
are passed at the same time as the votes of all the other persons attending the meeting who are 
entitled to vote at such meeting.

--- Page 103 ---
Clearing 
 
103 
CLEARING 
The Notes are in dematerialised form in accordance with Article 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code and cannot be physically delivered. The Notes will be represented exclusively by book 
entries in the records of the settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium or any successor 
thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”). Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through 
the Securities Settlement System participants whose membership extends to securities such as the Notes, 
including Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as a participant and investor CSD with a banking licence in respect of 
the Securities Settlement System), Clearstream, Euronext Securities Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euroclear France and LuxCSD and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through 
Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as a participant and investor CSD with a banking licence in respect of the 
Securities Settlement System), Clearstream, Euronext Securities Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euroclear France, LuxCSD or other participants in the Securities Settlement System. Possession of the Notes 
will pass by account transfer. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be made in accordance with the applicable rules and 
procedures of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as a participant and investor 
CSD with a banking licence in respect of the Securities Settlement System), Clearstream, Euronext Securities 
Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, LuxCSD and any other Securities Settlement 
System participant holding interest in the relevant Notes, and any payment made by the Issuer to the Securities 
Settlement System or, in the case of payments in any currency other than euro, to Euroclear Bank (in its capacity 
as a participant and investor CSD with a banking licence in respect of the Securities Settlement System), 
Clearstream, Euronext Securities Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France and LuxCSD 
will constitute good discharge for the Issuer. Upon receipt of any payment in respect of Notes, the Securities 
Settlement System, Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as a clearing system), Clearstream, Euronext Securities 
Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, LuxCSD and any other Securities Settlement 
System participant, shall immediately credit the accounts of the relevant account holders with the payment.  
Transfers between investors will be effected in accordance with the respective rules and operating procedures 
of the Securities Settlement System and the Securities Settlement System participants through which they hold 
their Notes. 
Noteholders are entitled to exercise their voting rights and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes 
of Article 7:41 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code) against the Issuer upon submission of an 
affidavit drawn up by the NBB, Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as a participant and investor CSD with a banking 
licence in respect of the Securities Settlement System), Clearstream, Euronext Securities Porto, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or another participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep 
dematerialised securities accounts showing their position in the Notes (or the position held by the financial 
institution through which their Notes are held with the NBB, Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as a participant 
and investor CSD with a banking licence in respect of the Securities Settlement System), Clearstream, Euronext 
Securities Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France or LuxCSD or such other participant, 
in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also be required). 
Neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger, any Dealer or any Agent will have any responsibility for the proper 
performance by the Securities Settlement System or the Securities Settlement System participants of their 
obligations under their respective rules and operating procedures. 
A Noteholder must rely on the procedures of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank (in its capacity 
as a participant and investor CSD with a banking licence in respect of the Securities Settlement System), 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Porto, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France or

--- Page 104 ---
Clearing 
 
104 
LuxCSD to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer will have no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, the Notes within the Securities Settlement System.

--- Page 105 ---
Prospectus Supplement 
 
105 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplementary prospectus as required by the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealer that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
(unless the Issuer has notified the Dealer that it does not intend to issue Notes under the Programme for the 
time being) there is any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to any matter 
contained in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a 
replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply 
to each relevant Dealer an electronic copy of such supplement.

--- Page 106 ---
Use of proceeds 
 
106 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be primarily used to improve the Issuer’s liquidity position by 
increasing the Issuer’s qualifying liquid resources as stipulated in the CSDR. It is anticipated that the net 
proceeds of the Notes may also be used as an alternative, and in some cases, a substitute, to the existing 
contingent liquidity facilities which are made available to the Issuer. The net proceeds of the issue may also be 
used for general corporate purposes.

--- Page 107 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
107 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
1. 
Description of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a public limited company (naamloze vennootschap/société anynome) of unlimited duration 
which was incorporated on 21 November 1986 under Belgian law, and registered with the legal persons 
register (Brussels) under business identification number 0429.875.591. The registered office of the Issuer is 
at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, and its telephone number is +32 (0)2 326 1211. 
The Issuer is an indirect subsidiary of Euroclear Holding SA/NV (“Euroclear Holding”), which replaced 
Euroclear Plc as the new ultimate holding company of the Group following a restructuring in 2018. The Issuer 
remains directly controlled by Euroclear SA/NV (“ESA”), which owns 99.9% of its shares. The Issuer 
operates branches in Hong Kong, Poland and Japan. The Issuer, as a single purpose bank, is the only credit 
institution in the Group and performs a CSD role. In its CSD role it provides multi-currency settlement and 
related securities services for transactions involving domestic and international bonds, equities and investment 
funds and other financial instruments to a wide range of international clients, which are mostly banks, 
custodians, broker-dealers and central banks. The Issuer has over 2,000 clients, which includes over 100 
central banks and most of the world’s largest banks. In addition, the Issuer offers related services such as new 
issues distribution, collateral management and securities lending services, related treasury and credit services 
and information services. As at the end of 2021, the Issuer had approximately 1,580 employees who serve its 
global client base.  
In September 2021, ESA completed the MFEX Acquisition for a total consideration of EUR 513.2 million, 
including a capital contribution of EUR 7.5 million. MFEX was established in Sweden in 1999 and is 
headquartered in Stockholm. As independent experts in global fund distribution, MFEX offers a complete 
solution for fund companies and distributors. The association between Euroclear Bank’s Fundsettle platform 
and services and MFEX will allow Euroclear to expand its footprint in the funds business. MFEX’s main 
supervisory authority is the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen). 
The Issuer’s branch in Krakow, Poland, Euroclear Bank (Spółka Akcyjna) - Oddział w Polsce, officially 
opened in January 2013 and by the end of 2021 had grown to 669 employees. The Krakow branch provides a 
dual-office arrangement with the Issuer’s existing operations in Belgium.  
With 170 employees at the end of 2021, the Hong Kong Branch of the Issuer is an important contributor to 
client servicing in Asia. Through the Hong Kong office, the Issuer is able to provide clients with a global 
service offering, despite the time zone difference with its headquarters in Brussels.  
Since 1987, the Issuer has operated a representative office in Tokyo to support Japan-based users of its 
securities settlement system. This presence was reinforced in 2017 with the opening of a foreign bank branch, 
which counted 17 employees at the end of 2021, to further enhance the way the Issuer supports its local 
customers.  
The rights of ESA as the controlling shareholder of the Issuer are contained in the articles of association of 
the Issuer and the Belgian Companies and Associations Code and the Issuer is managed in accordance with 
those articles and with the provisions of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code.  
2. 
Principal Activities of the Issuer and the Group 
The Group is one of the world’s largest providers of settlement and related services for cross-border 
transactions in domestic and international bonds, equities and investment funds. The Group’s main strategic 
objective is to be the financial industry’s trusted provider of post-trade services by: 
 
supporting an open marketplace where scale and connectivity across the spectrum of market 
participants are competitive strengths;

--- Page 108 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
108 
 
investing to support market stability, delivering shared economies of scale and developing markets 
locally and globally; 
 
serving the public good by ensuring the efficiency of markets and actively enabling the reduction of 
risk; and 
 
encouraging a high performing culture that respects the Group’s corporate values through its diverse 
and dedicated workforce worldwide. 
To achieve these goals, the Group focuses on (i) building long-term partnerships with clients and (ii) 
supporting the stability and development of the markets, locally and globally. As the Group’s CSD with a 
banking licence, the Issuer is central to realising the Group’s strategic ambitions and, as at 31 December 2021, 
represented approximately 68% of the Group’s operating income.  
The Group has a multi-channel approach with a choice of platforms and channels for clients to access the 
Group’s different products and services. The financial infrastructure companies within the Group have a 
fundamental role in providing specialised services to market participants, thus supporting stability in existing 
markets and further developing local and global markets. In doing so, the Group works closely with clients 
and key market entities. 
The Issuer – the Group’s CSD with a banking licence 
The Issuer serves major financial institutions located across more than 120 countries, offering a single access 
point to international and domestic securities. It connects over 2,000 financial market participants around the 
world and provides the following services and sub-services:  
 
securities settlement (equities and debt); 
 
investment fund order processing; 
 
asset servicing, including full custody and tax services; and 
 
asset optimisation through securities lending and borrowing, money transfer and integrated collateral 
management services. 
The Issuer services over 1.5 million securities on its platform, covering almost all markets in the Eurozone 
and other selected key markets around the world. It settles securities transactions free of or against payment 
in 50 eligible settlement currencies. Securities held in custody on behalf of clients equated to EUR 37.6 trillion 
at 31 December 2021. 
The Issuer provides settlement, custody, collateral management and related services. It is also a limited-
purpose bank for settlement-related purposes only. It provides intra-day credit to facilitate settlement to 
increase settlement efficiency.  
(A) 
Settlement and asset servicing 
The Issuer’s services focus on the settlement and asset servicing of domestic and international transactions. 
In 2021, 295 million securities transactions settled via the Issuer, representing a combined value of EUR 992 
trillion, or over 12 times global gross domestic product1.  
Clients can settle transactions in the Issuer either against payment or free of payment. The Issuer operates a 
Delivery Versus Payment (“DVP”) settlement system (BIS-DVP model 1), i.e. simultaneous settlement of 
securities and assisted cash transfers with immediate settlement finality for internal and bridge instructions 
                                                          
1   Source: World Bank https://protect-eu.mimecast.com/s/BN1nCRM28u5Wg9Io68OF?domain=databankfiles.worldbank.org. Global gross 
domestic product was US$ 96.1 tn in 2021, or EUR 81.2 tn (at an average USD/EUR exchange rate of 1:1.18 for 2021. Source: Bloomberg).

--- Page 109 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
109 
for internationally traded securities. For cross-border instructions, local rules apply. The full range of 
internationally traded securities eligible for transfer and settlement includes government bonds, bills, and 
notes, exchange traded interest rates, bond and currency futures and also equities, warrants, investment funds 
and depository receipts.  
The Issuer provides clients with the following asset servicing solutions:  
 
intra-day corporate action notification and real-time processing and reporting of related corporate 
action instructions; 
 
income and redemption processing and reporting; 
 
proactive withholding tax assistance; 
 
streamlined proxy voting procedures; and 
 
efficient market claims management.  
The Issuer’s principal aim is to provide the client with the full range of settlement and additional services for 
multiple asset classes in multiple markets. 
(B) 
Safekeeping 
The Issuer accepts a range of national and international securities for safekeeping, including:  
 
international bonds, i.e. Eurobonds, foreign bonds and global bonds; 
 
domestic debt; 
 
convertibles; 
 
warrants; 
 
equities; 
 
depository receipts; 
 
investment funds; and 
 
exchange-traded funds. 
Securities deposited in the Euroclear system may be in either physical or dematerialised form. Securities in 
the Euroclear system are held on a fungible basis. Each client is entitled to a portion, represented by:  
 
the amounts credited to its “Securities Clearance and Transit Account”; and 
 
book entries on the books of the Issuer. 
The Issuer also offers assistance with new issuances to issuers, lead managers and issuing agents through a 
broad range of services for an expanding range of international and domestic securities by:  
 
helping to identify the optimal structure for a new issue to guarantee efficient asset servicing; 
 
allocating a code for the issue: the Issuer is a numbering agency for international securities deposited 
in a CSD which holds a banking licence; 
 
securing the funds raised, offering simultaneous exchange of cash and securities on a DVP basis; 
 
issuance; and 
 
taking over several administrative tasks related to a new issue.

--- Page 110 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
110 
(C) 
Collateral management services 
Clients of the Issuer can benefit from Euroclear’s expertise in the provision of collateral management services 
in support of their bilateral repurchase agreements, securities loans, secured loan facilities, derivative 
transactions and margining for central counterparties. This, together with the securities lending facilities, can 
help clients to optimise returns on their assets and manage their risks effectively.  
Euroclear’s Collateral Highway, an open architecture global infrastructure for collateral management, 
provides clients of the Issuer with a neutral, inter-operable, venue-agnostic utility to source and mobilise 
collateral across geographical borders and time zones.  
Euroclear entered into a joint venture with the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”) in 
September 2014 which builds on Euroclear’s position as one of the leaders in collateral management. In 
March 
2020, 
Euroclear became 
the 
sole 
owner 
of 
DTCC-Euroclear 
GlobalCollateral 
Ltd 
(“GlobalCollateral”) entity, having taken over the 50% previously owned by DTCC. 
(D) 
Intra-day credit services 
Time-critical payments will be made on a client’s behalf should they experience any short-term liquidity 
shortfalls in their cross-border transactions.  
The Issuer also offers specialist products:  
 
EquityReach – a dedicated equities service, offering easy and direct access to multiple equity 
markets. 
 
FundSettle – a dedicated platform for automated fund transaction processing. 
Clients have access to 50 markets with a network management department overlooking CSD links and 
depositary links. This department is dedicated to maintaining and monitoring the network of sub-custodians 
with day-to-day contacts with all of the Issuer’s sub-custodians.  
The Euroclear CSDs 
In addition to the services provided by the Issuer, the Euroclear CSDs cover Belgium, Finland, France, the 
Netherlands, Sweden and the United Kingdom and serve local clients for local transactions. Each Euroclear 
CSD provides settlement, custody, collateral management and issuer services tailored to meet the needs of 
their clients and particular market environment.  
 
Euroclear Settlement of Euronext-zone Securities (“ESES”) – Euroclear Belgium SA/NV 
(“Euroclear Belgium”), Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”) and Euroclear Nederlands 
Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. (“Euroclear Nederland”) are the only group of 
CSDs in the world operating with a single settlement platform and harmonised rules and practices. 
The ESES platform makes cross-border settlement as low-cost and straightforward as domestic 
transactions. The ESES CSDs also provide certain additional services to issuers.  
 
Euroclear UK & International Limited (“EUI”) – the CSD of the UK, Jersey, Guernsey and the 
Isle of Man which operates the CREST settlement system. It also operates the EMX Message System, 
Europe’s leading investment fund messaging platform. In addition to a wide range of domestic 
securities, EUI provides automated settlement and related services for UK fund transactions, 
significantly reducing the costs and risks associated with manual processing. As from 15 March 
2021, the Issuer has taken over the role of issuer CSD for Irish corporate securities from EUI. 
 
Euroclear Finland Oy and Euroclear Sweden AB – core to the Finnish and Swedish capital 
markets, these CSDs keep the register of almost all local shares and debt securities. Comprehensive

--- Page 111 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
111 
settlement, custody and issuer services are fundamental to their markets. Euroclear Finland and 
Euroclear Sweden also provide certain services to issuers. 
3. 
Strategic Developments 
The Issuer’s business strategy builds on its position, as a systemically-important infrastructure, at the centre 
of the global financial market ecosystem.  
Its open-architecture approach has enabled the Issuer to build an unparalleled network of issuers, 
intermediaries and investors around the world. By bringing together this network, the Issuer aims to facilitate 
financing in capital markets by reducing risk, increasing process efficiency in post-trade activities, and 
optimising collateral mobility and access to liquidity.  
In realising this vision, the Issuer is focused on delivering three strategic objectives (each of which is discussed 
in greater detail below):  
 
strengthening its network in Eurobonds, European securities and investment fund asset classes; 
 
growing its network by expanding internationally and by connecting global collateral pools; and 
 
reshaping its network by exploring innovative value-add solutions that ensure the Issuer’s long-
term relevance to clients. 
Delivery of these strategic objectives will help the Issuer’s clients navigate a rapidly changing operating 
environment, while contributing to sustainable long-term financial performance.  
Strengthening the Group’s European network 
The Issuer provides significant coverage of the Eurobond market with approximately 60% of Eurobonds and 
a further 55% of all European capital market securities held in the Issuer as at 31 December 2021. Following 
the MFEX Acquisition, the Group also provides significant coverage of the European funds industry, with 
access to over 2,000 fund distributors and over 2,500 fund companies around the world. At 31 December 
2021, the Group (excluding MFEX) had over EUR 3.2 trillion in funds under administration and Euroclear 
Bank had over EUR 1.4 trillion in assets under custody (an increase of 25% from 2020). 
Euroclear’s core European network generated approximately 78% of the Group’s total business income in the 
year ended 31 December 2021, with 65% of Group revenue being generated by the Issuer, 11% by EUI, 13% 
by Euroclear France, Euroclear Nederland and Euroclear Belgium, and 10% by Euroclear Finland and 
Euroclear Sweden.  
(A)  
Investing in the future 
Euroclear is in a strong financial position and remains well positioned to grasp future opportunities. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, all of the Group’s operating entities hold a licence under the CSDR, and these 
entities together play a crucial role at the core of the global capital markets ecosystem. The Group therefore 
continues to invest carefully across its business - in its people, technology, regulatory imperatives, and 
customer proposition - as a systemically important piece of financial market infrastructure.  
It is key for all participants to feel they have a trusted partner through whom assets can be held and mobilised 
safely, with transactions taking place efficiently and reliably. Investment in the Group’s operating systems 
and technology platforms has been crucial in seamlessly and securely supporting the sustained increase in 
transaction volumes throughout 2021 and into 2022.  
Investment in resilient, scalable systems means the Group is in a strong position from which to play a vital 
economic and social role within the global economy as the industry further harnesses opportunities from 
leveraging data and the rise of sustainable finance.

--- Page 112 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
112 
(B)  
Committed to Sustainability 
In 2021, the Group appointed its first Chief Sustainability Officer to lead the team in further maturing and 
communicating the Group’s approach to its environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) strategy. The 
Group also engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) to conduct a study to help it further understand how 
to leverage and harness the opportunity of ESG matters within the Group’s business. Following the PwC 
study, the Group has set out five core areas in which it intends to maximise value for its stakeholders, grasp 
the opportunities of ESG and support the financial industry as it embraces broader sustainability principles. 
As a result, the Group is aiming, as a key part of its ESG strategy, to:  
 
support greater supply of ESG investment opportunities by reducing barriers to issuance; 
 
simplify and clarify the issuance process for sustainable issuances to trade successfully in the 
international capital markets; 
 
foster trust through the processing of ESG information;  
 
improve the flow of ESG information between market participants; and  
 
mobilise greater ESG finance flows by expanding to more asset classes and participants.  
With the focus on ESG matters continuing to increase among issuers and investors alike, the Group is actively 
supporting the incorporation of ESG factors into securities profiles and investment processes and has an 
important role to play in the transition to a truly sustainable world. In early 2022, the Group announced a 
strategic investment in Greenomy, a Belgium based sustainable finance technology platform which aims to 
support issuers and investors for compliance with increasing ESG taxonomy standards. 
(C)  
Investing in relevant, efficient and safe CSDs 
The Issuer continually invests in providing robust and relevant market infrastructure services for the markets 
it serves. In 2021, despite disruption caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group demonstrated its 
operational reliability. Consequently, the Group recorded its best-ever financial performance, reaching its key 
2023 targets two years ahead of plan. Underpinning this performance was accelerating progress on the 
Group’s three strategic objectives:  
 
strengthening the Group’s network in Eurobonds, European securities and investment fund asset 
classes; 
 
growing its network by expanding internationally and by connecting global collateral pools; and 
 
reshaping its network by exploring innovative value-add solutions that ensure long-term relevance 
to clients.  
Achieving its key multi-year performance targets early confirms the Group’s strategic direction is sound and 
that the business has performed very well. The scale of this transformation is even more apparent when 
looking over a ten-year time horizon. In 2011, growth business lines contributed just 25% of business income 
of the Group, compared to 40% by 2021. Having a stronger, more diversified business positions the Group 
well for its future strategic evolutions. 
Strengthening the Group’s network 
The Issuer plays a crucial role in the functioning of European capital markets, holding approximately 55% of 
all European capital market securities and over 60% of Eurobonds as at 31 December 2021.  
The Issuer’s European network, which comprises Eurobond and European assets, generates 59% of 
Euroclear’s business income.

--- Page 113 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
113 
Resilient and scalable infrastructure  
By investing consistently in the Group’s technology capabilities and infrastructure platforms, the Group’s 
core European business remains both reliable and scalable to meet growing market demand.  
The Group’s resilience was demonstrated as it met its systems uptime targets despite the unprecedented 
market volatility during the COVID-19 pandemic. Between 2019 and 2021, transaction volumes rose by 23%. 
In 2021, netted transaction volumes increased by 7% to 295 million compared to 2020. 
This growth in volumes in financial markets has been influenced by uncertainty resulting from the Covid-19 
pandemic as well as other macro-economic and geopolitical considerations. This trend, along with extensive 
issuance of securities by businesses and governments, continued throughout 2021 and into 2022.  
The Group has supported this broad-based volume increase while being in a long-lasting contingency 
situation, with almost all staff working fully from home since the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic in early 
2020. As local restrictions are gradually lifted, the Group expects its people to be able to use its office 
facilities, in line with governmental guidance, and progressively shift towards hybrid working practices.  
Sustained investment to upgrade technology capabilities  
Highest priority is given to ensuring operational risks remain strictly controlled, with continued investment 
in cyber-defence and business resilience to meet an ever-evolving risk environment.  
This focus is reflected in the Group’s technology investments with upgrades to core systems and 
infrastructure, as well as optimising the Group’s technology to future-proof the organisation and enhance its 
service offering to clients. By moving towards hyper-converged technology solutions, the Group is seeking 
to structurally optimise the costs related to acquiring and running hardware. 
Several initiatives are underway to explore IT process automation and digital customer interfaces. These 
include Application Programming Interfaces (APIs), via the EasyWay product, as well as hybrid cloud 
solutions. EasyWay, a web-based interface that helps clients to work efficiently and manage their operational 
risks, is now used by the majority of Euroclear Bank clients and achieves high levels of customer satisfaction 
and platform stability.  
In parallel, initiatives are underway to embed further agile ways of working and optimise the IT operating 
model by leveraging group synergies/experience and global partner support. Such efforts continue to make 
Euroclear an attractive place to work for talented and skilled technology professionals.  
Supporting European ambitions  
Providing robust infrastructure and a global investor network, the Issuer is a natural partner for European 
authorities as they raise funds for the sustainable post-pandemic economic recovery of the region. For 
example, Euroclear supported the EU’s €750 billion NextGenerationEU issuance, launched to help build a 
greener, more digital Europe. 
The Group is also well placed to contribute further to the EU’s longstanding ambition to develop integrated 
European capital markets. In 2021, Euroclear Bank signed an agreement with the European Central Bank 
(“ECB”) and the central banks of the euro area to join the ECB’s TARGET2-Securities (“T2S”) settlement 
system.  
By connecting to this platform, Euroclear Bank will become the first international central securities depositary 
(“ICSD”) to offer clients the choice between Euro settlement in commercial bank money and/or Euro 
settlement in central bank money.  
Consequently, Euroclear Bank will provide clients with access to a single pool of liquidity and collateral, 
across multiple currencies and jurisdictions, enabling them to greatly optimise liquidity management and

--- Page 114 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
114 
reduce their financing costs. Clients will also continue to benefit from the existing asset protection and high-
quality collateral management and asset servicing.  
Connecting Euroclear Bank to T2S builds on the Group’s existing contributions to European harmonisation. 
Euroclear’s ESES CSDs (Euroclear Belgium, Euroclear France and Euroclear Nederland) have been 
connected to T2S since 2016.  
ESES is proving to be an attractive place of issuance for domestic and pan-European issuers, with 2021 assets 
under custody reaching more than €10 trillion for the first time (up 14% year on year) and hosting a record 
47 initial public offerings in 2021 (versus 13 in 2020). 
Euroclear Finland is scheduled to join T2S in 2023. In addition, the Swedish Riksbanken has taken the 
directional decision to migrate the SEK payments and securities settlements to the Eurosystem’s T2/T2S.  
To help chart the path forward, Euroclear Sweden sponsored a market wide study around this topic, which 
was conducted by Oliver Wyman, a consultancy. This resulted in an independent impetus to the market 
harmonisation and helped to assess the implications of what lies ahead for the entire Swedish market.  
Championing efficiency and safety during regulatory transitions  
Euroclear continues to actively embrace – and enable – efforts to make the financial industry safer and more 
efficient. Over the past decade, pan-European legislation including, but not limited to, MIFID II, EMIR, 
BRRD, CRD IV and CRD V, the CSDR, IFR/IFD and the Shareholder Rights Directive II (“SRD II”) have 
continued to transform the financial landscape with a primary focus on fostering capital market safety.  
The Group has invested extensively in its own regulatory compliance as it adapts to these new requirements. 
Every group CSD is fully licenced under CSDR since the end of 2020, making Euroclear the first major group 
of CSDs / ICSDs to achieve such regulatory compliance.  
The Group is now accompanying market participants in each of the Group CSDs / ICSDs through the adoption 
of the CSDR settlement discipline regime which entered into force on 1 February 2022.  
Euroclear is supporting clients as they adapt to the new regulatory requirements in other areas of its business 
strategy such as the expansion of global collateral management services and by providing data insights that 
foster high standards of corporate governance. 
Euroclear also supported clients through the changes resulting from the United Kingdom’s decision to leave 
the EU.  
In March 2021, the Group successfully migrated all Irish corporate securities to Euroclear Bank, which 
already acted as issuer CSD for Irish government securities. This migration, which provided long-term 
certainty to the €100 billion Irish securities market, was unique, and involved close market co-operation.  
Growing a highly attractive funds business 
As well as offering access to securities, the Group also provides significant coverage of the funds industry as 
part of its diversified business model. This access has been strengthened through the completion of the MFEX 
Acquisition.  
The combination of MFEX’s innovative distribution platform with Euroclear’s FundSettle post-trade 
operations expertise creates a compelling offering for fund distributors and fund management companies 
globally. With this transaction, and the combination of the complementary businesses of MFEX and the 
Group, the Group expects to produce significant value through revenue synergies, expanding the client service 
offering by creating a new funds market utility and a leading global provider of fund services. 
On 31 January 2022, Euroclear made a strategic investment in Greenomy, a Belgium based sustainable 
finance technology platform, by acquiring 54.39% of the shares.

--- Page 115 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
115 
On 21 March 2022, Euroclear announced an investment in Fnality, an international consortium of global 
banks and financial market infrastructures focused on building regulated payment systems to support the 
adoption of tokenised assets and marketplaces. 
Growing Euroclear’s network globally 
The Group seeks to grow the Euroclear network internationally and support the evolving requirements of 
clients as they look to benefit from the opportunities created by an inter-connected global economy. 
To achieve this, Euroclear is focused on two opportunities:  
 
mobilising collateral across borders and time zones; and  
 
connecting international markets to Euroclear,  
which together contributed around 25% of the Group’s business income in 2021.  
Providing global collateral management solutions  
The Euroclear Collateral Highway supports the financial markets’ requirement for a neutral, interoperable 
utility to source, mobilise and segregate collateral. It provides a comprehensive solution for managing 
collateral, offering clients a complete view of exposures across the full spectrum of their asset classes and 
enabling collateral optimisation opportunities.  
In addition to more traditional collateral management activities (typically repos, securities lending, derivatives 
and access to central bank liquidity), the Group’s range of collateral management solutions includes dedicated 
services for corporate treasurers, and a specialised equities collateral management service.  
By the end of 2021, the average daily collateral outstanding on the Collateral Highway reached a record €1.9 
trillion, up 27% compared to 2020. The Collateral Highway’s growth benefited from the Group’s leading 
global role in providing triparty solutions as clients implement new uncleared margin rules for derivatives 
under Basel frameworks. 
Such new global regulations, which require clients to post margin across transactions to reduce counterparty 
and systemic risk, are expected to drive ongoing demand for collateral management services across a broader 
spectrum of market participants.  
In early 2021, the group took steps to extend the global Collateral Highway by signing a memorandum of 
understanding with the TMX Group to build a new collateral management service for Canada’s capital 
markets.  
Euroclearability – expanding the global reach of the network  
Across the globe, growth economies are seeking to attract foreign investors to help fund long-term 
development needs. At the same time, international investors want opportunities to diversify and increase 
their investments around the world, particularly during a period of historically low yields in Europe and North 
America. Euroclear’s Global & Emerging Markets business grew assets under custody by 15% in 2021 to 
€1.5 trillion.  
The Issuer works closely to support local economies that wish to connect their domestic capital markets to a 
broad global investor base, to maximise capital flows and guarantee stability to these financial markets. In the 
course of 2021, the Issuer signed an agreement to extend its global reach possibilities to Saudi Arabia in co-
operation with the central depositary in the region. 
The Issuer has continued to extend its network in Asia with the launch of new asset classes in China and Japan 
during 2020. These were supplemented by the launch of a new bond structure with Singapore, launched in

--- Page 116 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
116 
the first quarter of 2021. The new innovative structure combines domestic issuance with global distribution 
channels and is beginning to gain traction amongst major issuers in the region. 
Reshaping the Group’s network 
The Group’s third strategic theme is to explore opportunities through new technologies and business models 
to reshape its network in sustainable ways that support clients’ evolving requirements.  
The areas of opportunity that Euroclear is exploring in support of this theme include:  
 
enhancing connections within the financial market ecosystem and strengthening shareholder 
governance;  
 
harnessing insights through data;  
 
exploring new technologies and opportunities to anticipate capital market needs; and 
 
expanding the role of infrastructure to foster growth and efficiency in the sustainable finance market.  
Insights that enhance governance-related issuer services  
In recent years, there has also been an increasing demand for issuers to know and engage more closely with 
shareholders as part of their corporate governance practices. This trend is further strengthened by new regulatory 
“know your customer” imperatives and SRD II.  
In 2021, Euroclear launched InvestorInsight, for issuers across the EU. The service allows easy identification of 
their shareholders which creates opportunities for issuers to engage with their investor base, regardless of 
location and the intermediaries they use. InvestorInsight builds on more than 25 years of experience in offering 
shareholder identification services to the French market. 
By understanding the composition of the shareholder base, firms can better target roadshow and analyst meetings 
as well as anticipate investor actions/needs ahead of shareholder and other corporate meetings. Lastly, the service 
should enable issuing firms actionable insight into prospective investors. The depth and quality of the data 
provided by InvestorInsight has been praised by issuers and their agents, with a beneficial owner identification 
rate reaching more than 95%.  
Another similar product, known as Vantage by Euroclear, has also been developed and launched specifically for 
Swedish issuers. Vantage is a state-of-the-art platform which supports issuers’ investor relations professionals 
with data insights on their company's shareholder structure.  
In Finland the Group has also extended the services provided to the issuer community with 84 companies 
choosing to use Euroclear Finland’s advance voting service for their general meetings.  
By continuing to extend the range of issuer services, the Euroclear CSDs become more attractive as a place to 
list securities in an increasingly competitive and harmonised pan-European issuance market. The Group is 
therefore equipping its EU-based domestic CSDs to fit the legal and tax requirements that allow Euroclear to 
welcome issuers from different regions.  
Bringing data insights  
With almost €38 trillion of assets under custody at the end of 2021, the Group manages huge quantities of 
financial transactions data. Euroclear has extended its role in bringing greater transparency and liquidity in global 
capital markets by harnessing this untapped data. Launched in early 2021, LiquidityDrive captures this 
aggregated liquidity information to inform pre-trade decisions and enrich post-trade analysis. 
For clients, this complements existing traditional sources of fixed income data, based on executed trades, 
empowering traders to use the centralised view on holding and concentration levels to make informed fixed

--- Page 117 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
117 
income investment decisions. With historical data spanning back to 2018, the LiquidityDrive service spans over 
450,000 Fixed Income ISINs including aggregated data on over 200,000 Eurobond issuances, as well as 
domestic European debt. 
Piloting blockchain technology and digital currency settlement 
In March 2020, Banque de France launched a wholesale Central Bank Digital Currency (“CBDC”) experiment 
programme to test the integration of CBDC in innovative procedures for the exchange and settlement of 
tokenised financial assets between financial intermediaries. A consortium of banks led by Euroclear assessed 
the potential of post-trade capital market settlement operations in CBDC for French sovereign debt securities.  
The findings in 2021 from the experiment confirmed that blockchain technology is suitable to manage post-trade 
market operations in CBDC, subject to additional testing with real-world volumes. It also highlighted that the 
full value of blockchain cannot be realised by simply replicating ‘as is’ the securities settlement operations 
processes. However, enabling direct access by end-investors on the blockchain platform via their custodians 
and/or removing the current post-trade processing breaks, would allow blockchain technology to improve post-
trade operations. 
Extending digital interfaces in the ecosystem 
The Group continues to invest in connectivity and communications products that enhance its clients’ experience 
and increase efficiency. EasyWay is the Group’s web-based interface that offers clients a clear overview of 
settlement, collateral management and corporate actions activity. With accurate, real-time data at their fingertips, 
EasyWay helps users work efficiently and make fast, effective decisions to manage operational risks.  
A further example is Taskize, an innovative messaging tool that helps back-offices across the ecosystem to 
manage and resolve their post-trade activities more efficiently, particularly important considering CSDR 
settlement discipline. Client demand for the service has steadily increased, with 550 clients in more than 50 
countries signed up to the service and reporting important levels of user satisfaction. The network continues to 
experience strong growth with over 100 clients signing up to Taskize in 2021. 
4. 
 Financial Performance of the Issuer  
Euroclear Bank has seen a strong financial performance in the first half of 2022, with the underlying business 
continuing to perform well. Euroclear Bank also reported higher interest earnings due to rising interest rates 
on cash balances as well as increased cash balances from frozen assets due to Russian sanctions. Euroclear 
Bank’s operating income for the first half of 2022 was €710 million, compared with €511 million for the first 
half of 2021. Of this amount, income generated from business activities equalled €511 million (an increase of 
12.2% against €455 million as at 30 June 2021) with interest, banking & other income equalling €204 million 
(an increase of 319 % against €49 million as at 30 June 2021). Operating expenses increased against the first 
half of 2021, increasing to €314 million (2021: €287 million) giving a total operating profit before impairment 
of €396 million for the first half of 2022 (2021: €223.5 million), pre-tax profit of €396 million (2021: €223.5 
million) and net profit of €302 million (2021: €171 million). 
Euroclear Bank has shown resilience with regards to its capital requirements as an FMI provider. In the year 
ended 31 December 2021, Return on Equity stood at 18.1 per cent. (31 December 2020: 14.7 per cent.) while 
Return on Assets stood at 109 bps (31 December 2020: 96 bps).  
As a result of sanctions imposed on Russia by the US, the EU and other jurisdictions following its invasion 
of Ukraine in February 2022, and related Russian countermeasures, cash on the balance sheet of the Issuer 
has increased as blocked coupon payments and redemptions have accumulated. As at 30 June 2022, Euroclear 
Bank’s cash balances had increased by €72 billion year-on-year. As per Euroclear’s standard process, such 
cash is invested which results in interest income. During the first half of 2022, the interest income earned 
from frozen assets held as a result of Russian sanctions was €110 million.

--- Page 118 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
118 
5. 
Risk Management for the Group and the Issuer 
Risk Management Framework 
The Issuer operates within a highly regulated market infrastructure regime. It intends to maintain its strong 
reputation in the financial industry for its safety and resilience, and for the quality of its products and post-
trade services.  
In this context, the Issuer’s board of directors (the “Board of Directors” or the “Board”) considers that an 
integrated, compliant and effective risk governance, based on a three line model and, underpinned by a sound 
risk culture, is critical to the overall effectiveness of its risk management arrangements.  
Risk Management offers its services to all entities in the Group including the Issuer. This function is headed 
by the Chief Risk Officer, who reports directly to the Chair of the Board’s Risk Committee and the Chief 
Executive Officer of ESA. The Issuer’s Board oversees the effectiveness and independence of the control 
functions, being Risk Management, Compliance and Ethics and Internal Audit.  
The Risk Management function has developed a comprehensive enterprise risk management framework (the 
“ERM Framework”) which applies to all entities in the Group, taking into account relevant market and 
regulatory standards. The ERM Framework structures the way the Issuer and the Group manage their risk, 
whilst pursuing their strategy and corporate objectives.  
The ERM Framework enables management to anticipate risk events and makes the Group more resilient and 
better able to evolve in the face of changes in the market. This capacity ultimately supports the acceleration 
of growth and value creation. 
The Three Lines Model operated within the Group facilitates the effective operation of the ERM Framework. 
Each line plays a distinct role providing senior management and the boards of the Issuer and the Group with 
assurance on the likely achievement of its key goals through the effective management of risks.  
The ERM Framework details the roles and responsibilities of the Three Lines. The First Line is the risk owner 
and the primary source of (non-independent) assurance on the adequacy and effectiveness of the control 
environment. The Second Line comprises Risk Management and Compliance & Ethics who provide 
respectively independent oversight of risk-taking activities and compliance with applicable regulation. 
Internal Audit sits in Third Line providing reasonable assurance and insight based on the highest level of 
independence on governance, risk management and internal controls. 
Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”) 
The Group’s risk appetite is set by the Board and represents the maximum amount of risk the Board is willing 
to accept to achieve its objectives, including preservation of the long term strength of the Group and of the 
trust of all key stakeholders. The RAF is supported by metrics which are monitored on an ongoing basis. 
Risk affecting the Issuer and the Group 
The Group faces a range of risks in pursuit of its key goals. A comprehensive risk library covering all sources 
of risk the Group is exposed to is regularly updated. The principal risks facing the organisation reflected in 
the risk library are: Change & Project, Conduct & Culture; Operational; Legal & Compliance; Credit; 
Liquidity; Market; Strategic & Business; and Systemic risks.  
Credit Risk 
The credit risk framework sets limits based on the Issuer’s credit risk appetite and addresses, among other 
things, the size and conditions of credit facilities for borrowing participants and market facilities to support 
treasury activity, concentrations and collateral quality. Furthermore operational processes are designed and 
reassessed on a regular basis to actively monitor and minimise credit risks.

--- Page 119 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
119 
All credit granted to borrowing participants is based on a detailed credit assessment, is uncommitted, and 
must be secured by proprietary collateral for which strict quality and concentration rules apply. In this regard, 
credit to participants is extended on a very short term basis and must be secured (unless allowed by CSDR 
for exempted entities), is essentially granted to investment grade clients and is backed by high quality, liquid 
collateral (the majority of which is investment grade). Additionally, these uncommitted credit lines may be 
withdrawn at the Issuer’s discretion at any time, and the Issuer undertakes continuous market and portfolio 
monitoring to further mitigate its credit risk.  
Credit risk is mainly taken on borrowing participants. To date, the Issuer has not experienced any credit losses, 
not even during periods of market turmoil. This is largely due to the very short duration (mostly intraday) and 
predominantly secured nature of its credit exposures.  
The Issuer also has treasury exposures when performing day-to-day balance sheet management activities, in 
particular when re-depositing clients’ end-of-day cash positions and investing its own equity and the proceeds 
of the debt securities issued. Treasury exposures are usually placed in the market with high-quality 
counterparties (nearly all of which are investment grade and predominantly rated A- or better) for a short 
duration, preferably by using reverse repurchase agreements or invested in very high quality securities 
(AA/AAA government or supranational mainly EUR-denominated and ECB eligible securities) with 
relatively short-term maturities. For investments over one year, the maturity profile is closely aligned with 
the related liabilities (i.e. 1 to 5 years for debt issued under this Programme and the CD Programme (as defined 
below) and 5 to 12 years for long term debt issued by the Issuer and subscribed by Euroclear Investments SA 
(“Euroclear Investments”)).  
Unsecured treasury credit exposure is allowed but limited to:  
(i) 
the long cash positions that the Issuer has with cash correspondents throughout the day (intra-
day credit risk) and on any residual long cash positions left overnight; and  
 
(ii) 
unsecured re-deposits with treasury counterparts. 
While interest earnings are expected to grow materially as blocked payments and redemptions (arising from 
imposition of sanctions on Russia and Russian countermeasures) continue to accumulate in an environment 
of rising interest rates, this should not result in a material change in credit risk profile and are not expected to 
have a meaningful impact on the Issuer’s capital ratios. For further information, see “Regulatory 
Information—Capital and Liquidity Requirements”.  
Market Risk 
The majority of market risk in the Group is concentrated at the Issuer. However it is considered a low level 
risk, as the Issuer is not exposed to equity or commodities and, the market risk is limited to changes in interest 
rates and foreign exchange rates. As part of the Issuer’s Financial Risk Policy Handbook, a risk framework 
has been put in place to measure, monitor and control the interest rate risks arising from the investment of the 
Issuer’s capital and debt and foreign exchange risk arising from the unpredictability of future earnings 
generated by the Issuer, which includes a hedging strategy to mitigate such risk. A Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) 
methodology is used to measure interest rate and currency risk. The Management Committee of the Issuer 
sets VaR limits for all currencies combined.  
In line with policy, the Issuer’s core equity (shareholders’ equity plus retained earnings) is invested in debt 
instruments rated AA- or higher and the duration of these assets is limited to five years.

--- Page 120 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
120 
Liquidity Risk 
The Issuer provides liquidity to offer efficient settlement and custody services. It ensures timely cross-border 
settlement with domestic markets, supports new issues and custody activities, and enables clients to transfer 
sales and income proceeds in a timely manner. The Issuer’s liquidity risk is largely intra-day and transactional.  
The Issuer’s overnight settlement process, enabling clients to settle transactions in a wide range of currencies 
within a single timeframe, efficiently recycles and minimises liquidity needs, as clients only have to fund the 
resulting net debit position.  
The Issuer may end up with residual cash positions at the end of the day. On a daily basis, the Issuer is 
typically long cash, which it invests mostly on a very short term basis to match the volatility of clients’ 
settlement and money transfer activities.  
The Issuer’s liquidity risk appetite is very low, given how critical intra-day liquidity is for the efficient 
delivery of its settlement and custody services. The Issuer has, therefore, adopted a strong risk management 
framework to anticipate, monitor and manage the intra-day liquidity flows to ensure the quality of its services. 
Liquidity risk is further mitigated by the Issuer’s strict client admission policy and the continuous monitoring 
of its clients creditworthiness and signs of liquidity stress in the market, by the fact that credit is secured, 
short-term, and only extended to participants in line with the available liquidity throughout the day. To 
minimise liquidity risk in the event of a borrowing participant default, the Issuer maintains a portfolio of 
assets that can generate same day liquidity.  
The Issuer has implemented a “liquidity access waterfall”. Under the liquidity access waterfall, should the 
Issuer experience an unexpected liquidity shortfall in one or more currencies, the Issuer is entitled to cover 
such shortfall with client cash positions in the impacted currency or currencies (as applicable). In entering 
into settlement arrangements with the Issuer, clients agree that in this kind of distressed situation, their cash 
positions can be used to cover a funding shortfall before fulfilling any other instructions they may have sent 
to the Issuer. Where the Issuer experiences an unexpected liquidity shortfall and takes clients up on their 
commitment to fund it, each impacted client will have the right to:  
(i) 
purchase securities held by the Issuer, settling such transactions against the funding it is providing 
the Issuer under the liquidity access waterfall; or  
(ii) 
subscribe to a Euroclear Bank-issued Certificate of Deposit with one month tenor at an appropriate 
yield settling such subscription against the funding it is providing to the Issuer under the liquidity 
access waterfall. 
The Issuer’s assets are very short term by nature and it has very limited transformation risk on its balance 
sheet. This is also driven by the fact that the Issuer does not enter into any trading activity.  
(A) 
Funding 
The Issuer’s settlement system allows for an efficient recycling of liquidity. Although the Issuer settles 
transactions amounting to over €2,525 billion each day (2021 average), it only extends approximately 3% of 
the settled transactions in secured intra-day cash credit to its clients (thanks to netted back-to-back transactions 
and to an efficient securities lending and borrowing programme). Since the Issuer’s daily payment receipts 
typically match its payment obligations, additional liquidity is only needed to smooth or accelerate the 
payment process and to ensure the timely execution of time critical payments throughout the day.  
To support its daily payment activity, the Issuer relies on the deposit from its participants, on a large network 
of highly rated cash correspondents and on the reserve accounts with National Bank of Belgium and the Bank 
of England and has direct access to the TARGET2 system for euro payments. In order to raise liquidity, the 
Issuer can also use its investment book, funded by equity and retained earnings. The investment book must 
be invested with the objective of capital and liquidity preservation, meaning in euro-denominated sovereign,

--- Page 121 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
121 
supranational or agency debt instruments rated AA- or above and European System of Central Banks-eligible 
with short term maturities. Total financial assets held by the Issuer equalled €7,728 million as at 31 December 
2021 (comprised of €2,837 million of government securities eligible for refinancing at the European Central 
Bank and €4,891 million of bonds and other fixed income securities). Of these bonds and other fixed income 
securities: (i) 58% had a residual term of over one year (a decrease on the 80% held at 31 December 2020), 
with the remaining 42% a residual term of less than one year; (ii) 72% were issued by foreign issuers (40% 
being public issuers and 32% being non-public issuers); and (iii) 28% were Belgian issuers (6% being public 
issuers and 22% being non-public issuers). The Issuer can also raise liquidity by investing in liquid securities 
using the proceeds of any debt issued as part of its funding strategy. Furthermore, the Issuer has a broad access 
to the inter-bank market and has contingency liquidity sources in place for the major currencies, which are 
tested regularly 
In June 2018, the Issuer issued under a Belgian law registered note format, various intra-group recovery 
capital instruments for €600 million in total on top of the €200 million contingent loan arranged in 2016 which 
was simultaneously converted into a registered note format. These instruments comprise €300 million Tier 2 
capital and €500 million additional recovery capacity not accounted for in the Issuer’s regulatory own funds. 
The Issuer’s recovery capital instruments are aimed at structuring a relevant loss absorption mechanism to 
restore the capital position of the Issuer in recovery and resolution scenarios in accordance with the Banking 
Recovery and Resolution Directive applicable to it (please refer to paragraph 2 (The Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive) of the “Regulatory Information” section of this Base Prospectus for further details).  
The recovery capital instruments issued by the Issuer were fully subscribed by Euroclear Investments after its 
debt issuance transactions realised in 2018 for €700 million in total. Euroclear Investments issued in April 
2018, €300 million unsecured and unsubordinated 12-year fixed rate senior note and €400 million 
subordinated resettable 30-years fixed rate hybrid note callable at the option of the issuer after 10 years. These 
notes are listed on Euronext Dublin. In June 2021, Euroclear Investments issued €350 million subordinated 
resettable fixed rate notes due 2051 which are callable at the option of the issuer after 10 years. These are also 
listed on Euronext Dublin. 
Besides the above long term note issuances, in 2018 the Issuer launched this Programme as well as a €20 
billion certificates of deposit multi-currency programme (the “CD Programme”), in order to ensure it has 
sufficient liquidity capacity to meet the requirements applicable to it under CSDR. At the end of December 
2021, there was a total outstanding amount under this Programme and the CD Programme equivalent to €4.5 
billion. This has increased the robustness of its liquidity capacity as per the CSDR (including increased 
commitment liquidity facilities) and has enabled the Issuer to put funding arrangements in place to cover for 
situations of duress.  
The adequacy of the Issuer’s liquidity capacity is assessed and reported daily and approved monthly by its 
Credit and Assets and Liabilities Committee (“CALCO”). It also monitors the trend of liquidity risks that the 
Issuer faces through liquidity key risk indicators.  
(B) 
Liquidity stress testing 
The Issuer regularly performs idiosyncratic and market-wide liquidity stress tests to assess potential liquidity 
strains and to ensure efficient access to sufficient liquidity sources to fund any shortfalls.  
(C) 
Contingency funding plan 
The Issuer has a contingency funding plan in place that contains various courses of action that can be executed 
by management in order to manage a liquidity stress event. The process for selecting which course of action 
is best suited for the circumstances encompasses a review of its potential liquidity value, the time and ease in 
which it can be executed and the impact on the Issuer’s role as a CSD, as well as other market, legal, 
operational, tax, capital and regulatory considerations. Management may use their expertise and judgement

--- Page 122 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
122 
in order to prioritise any actions required to develop a tailored response based on the nature, severity, location 
and expected duration of the liquidity stress event. On top of its own capital and access to regular market 
funding, the Issuer has negotiated committed liquidity lines and committed FX swap facilities. The 
contingency plan and the availability of contingency liquidity are regularly tested and subject to stress testing. 
Finally, to cover its short-term liquidity needs resulting from the default of a client, the Issuer has agreements 
in place allowing the Issuer to appropriate the client pledged collateral (immediate transfer of ownership). In 
order to generate liquidity, this appropriated collateral is then reused through committed repo arrangements 
with liquidity providers or pledged with the National Bank of Belgium or the Bank of England, pending full 
liquidation.  
In addition to other requirements, the Issuer complies with the requirements detailed in the Principles for 
Sound Liquidity Management and Supervision published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
and with principle 7 of Committee on Payment and Market Infrastructures-International Organization of 
Securities Commissions (CPMI-IOSCO).  
(D) 
Recovery, Restructuring and Orderly Wind-down Plan 
In line with the relevant regulatory requirements, a Recovery Restructuring and Orderly Wind-down Plan is 
in place for the Issuer. The Plan is reviewed, updated and approved by the Board of Directors, upon 
recommendation of the Risk Committee on an annual basis. It is designed to demonstrate how the Issuer could 
effectively recover from a range of extreme but plausible stresses that could threaten the Issuer’s viability, 
thus ensuring to the extent possible continuous operation of its critical economic functions. To this end, the 
Plan identifies and analyses a number of options that could be taken in order to restore the Issuer’s capital 
base, liquidity position or profitability, over a short- to- medium timeframe. Should recovery not be possible, 
then the Plan also contains instructions on how to perform an orderly wind-down of the Issuer, limiting the 
systemic effects on the wider market.  
Operational Risk 
The Issuer has a robust risk management framework in place. The Corporate Risk Group Policy and ERM 
Framework provide a holistic view of the risk framework and how it affects all employees. It is the starting 
point for the operational risk management framework. The Operational Risk Board Policy (“ORBP”) defines 
the key principles for operational risk that the Issuer’s Board has established to manage operational risks, and 
is developed and maintained in accordance with market practices and regulatory guidelines for operational 
risk management.  
Its primary goal is to define the operational risk management framework that ensures that the Issuer takes the 
necessary steps to effectively identify, analyse, assess, monitor and report and manage operational risk at all 
levels. The Operational Risk Management Framework also describes the roles and responsibilities for 
managing these risks, all relevant risk processes and the information needed to make sound management 
decisions.  
The principles set in the ORBP are then detailed in specific risk handbooks (“Operational Risk Policy 
Handbooks”) for specific types of operational risks.  
The Operational Risk Policy Handbooks detail how the Issuer identifies, measures, monitors, reports on and 
mitigates specific types of operational risk.  
Operational risk is monitored and managed with the help of a number of tools:  
 
all operational risk and control issues including the related action plans are kept in a centralised 
repository database. An incident management tool is used to record operational incidents and ‘near 
misses’. A description of the issue, the root causes and the financial and/or reputational consequences

--- Page 123 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
123 
are logged in this tool. Reporting on risk and control issues and incidents is provided to the various 
oversight committees on a regular basis by Firstline and independently by Risk Management; 
 
each of the departments within the Group and the Issuer participates in annual risk and control self-
assessments. Through workshops, the business owners revalidate both the high level and level two 
control objectives and identify weaknesses; 
 
standard operating procedures, written by each department in which they are to be used, help 
employees to execute their tasks appropriately and reduce the risk of errors; and 
 
in recent years, the Issuer has developed control maps or equivalent tools that map key processes and 
key controls against stated control objectives as a continuous controls effectiveness monitoring tool. 
Through the above measures, the Issuer is able to regulate its operational risk exposures and maintain them 
at very low levels. At 31 December 2021, operational losses represented just 0.53% of total risk weighted 
assets (“RWAs”) held for operational risk by the Issuer (approximately €3,462 million), down from 1.42% 
in 2020 (approximately €3,973 million in RWAs for operational risk then held) and up from 1.35% in 2018 
(€3,207 million in RWAs for operational risk then held). 
Business Risk and Strategic Risk 
The Business Risk and Strategic Risk category encompasses business risk, strategic risk as well as pensions 
risk:  
 
Business risk: the risk of making poor or inappropriate business decisions leading to business 
underperformance or loss, insolvency or inability to meet capital requirements; 
 
Strategic risk: the risk that the strategy and supporting business model is not adequate, adjusted to 
the market changes or not fit for purpose. It includes poor decision making and the risk that an absent, 
inadequate or inappropriate technology strategy undermines achievement of the Euroclear corporate 
strategy; and  
 
Pensions risk: the risk that Euroclear has an underfunded defined benefits pension scheme exposure. 
The Group defines its general business risks through a bottom-up process, where all business areas assess 
their risks in a structured and recurring process, including strategic and business risks. These are consolidated 
for each Euroclear entity. The top-down approach is done by the management team in strategic and business 
risk assessments, including horizon scanning and out-of-the-box views on the CSD business.  
The business risks are monitored through Group functions and in the local management team. A systematic 
and continuous analysis of client preferences and regulatory changes are done in product and client relation 
functions as well as in the legal department.  
The product management and finance functions conduct a monthly revenue assessment of all revenue streams. 
Market intelligence, regulatory changes and external sources of market statistics are used to evaluate internal 
revenue outcome and predictions. Forecasts of volumes, value and revenues are officially re-evaluated at the 
Group level three times per year. The monthly analysis and forecasts are sent to the Chief Executive Officer 
(the “CEO”), the Group product management function and the executive committee of each entity of the 
Group.  
6. 
History of the Group 
The Euroclear system was set up in 1968 by the Brussels office of Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New 
York (“Morgan Guaranty”) (a part of J.P. Morgan & Company) to settle trades on the developing Eurobond 
market. Morgan Guaranty operated the Euroclear system via their Belgian Branch until these activities were

--- Page 124 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
124 
transferred to the Issuer in 2001 and it took over all Euroclear- related operating and banking responsibilities 
from Morgan Guaranty.  
Between 2000 and 2008, the Euroclear CSDs joined the Group and it now comprises the national CSDs for 
Belgium, France, The Netherlands, Finland, Sweden and the United Kingdom.  
In January 2005, the Group reorganised its corporate structure to separate the Issuer from the group of national 
CSDs into which it was then merged. The Issuer became a sister company of the Euroclear CSDs. A new, 
non-bank parent company – ESA – became the parent of all the Operating Entities and is a 99.99% owned 
subsidiary of Euroclear Investments, an intermediate holding company and an indirect subsidiary of Euroclear 
Holding.   
In 2007 and 2011 the Issuer opened representative offices in Frankfurt and Dubai, respectively. Over the same 
period, the Group significantly increased its Hong Kong Branch operations to support both regional and global 
client needs and also opened a Beijing office to service its Chinese client base. In January 2013, the Issuer 
opened a branch in Krakow, Poland to complement its operations teams in Brussels, Belgium, and provide 
additional capability for business continuity purposes. In 2017, the Issuer opened a branch in Japan, in order 
to enhance the way it supports its Japanese customers. The Group has implemented this arrangement – three 
geographically-dispersed business operation sites – to secure business continuity and limit the risk that a 
single event would impact the main site and its back-up.  
In June 2014, the Group (via ESA) acquired an 8% stake in Euronext as part of Euronext’s initial public 
offering. The Group is one of a group of reference shareholders who have a strategic interest in the future of 
Euronext which is the trading venue for the ESES markets. Following the acquisition of the Borse Italiana 
Group by Euronext, as of 10 May 2021, Euroclear’s stake was 5.63%. 
In 2012, the Euroclear Collateral Highway was launched. It is the first fully open global market infrastructure 
to source and mobilise collateral across borders. By the end of 2020, the average daily collateralised 
transactions outstanding on the Collateral Highway reached €1.5 trillion, up 17% compared to 2019.  
Building on the success of the Euroclear Collateral Highway, the group established an equally shared joint 
venture with DTCC (GlobalCollateral), which was incorporated on 26 September 2014. At inception, the joint 
venture’s services included a Margin Transit Utility (“MTU”) providing straight-through processing for the 
settlement of margin obligations, and a Collateral Management Utility (“CMU”) providing highly automated 
collateral management services. In January 2020, the parent companies signed an agreement confirming the 
dissolution of the joint venture effective on 10 March 2020. Following the restructuring, the MTU services 
were transferred to DTCC and Euroclear acquired the full ownership of GlobalCollateral as from the date of 
such transfer. GlobalCollateral continues to offer CMU services and to outsource the operational delivery of 
these services to Euroclear.  
Until 2020, the service for Irish corporate securities was provided by EUI from London. However, the UK’s 
departure from the EU affected EUI’s ability to provide this service. In March 2021, having been granted 
temporary equivalence by the European Commission and ESMA, the Group completed the migration of all 
Irish corporate securities to the Issuer, which already acts as issuer CSD for Irish government securities. 
Group structure  
Below is a simplified chart of the current corporate structure of the Group.

--- Page 125 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
125 
 
 
 
 
Group Overview 
(A) 
Euroclear Holding SA/NV  
Euroclear Holding is the ultimate parent company which owns, directly or indirectly, the entire issued 
ordinary share capital of the Group. Euroclear Holding is an unlisted public limited company incorporated 
under the laws of Belgium. Euroclear Holding has 89 shareholders, with the adjusted net asset value per share 
as at 31 December 2021 equalling €1,521.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Sicovam Holding SA was the largest shareholder with 15.89% of the 
shares. Several of the shareholders of Sicovam Holding SA are also clients of Euroclear. A number of

--- Page 126 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
126 
Euroclear Holding’s shareholders are also major market infrastructure providers, for example, the London 
Stock Exchange Group plc held approximately 4.92% of the shares in Euroclear Holding as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The Société Fédérale de Participations et d’ Investissement (the Belgian Sovereign Fund) 
held approximately 8.06% of the shares in Euroclear Holding as at the same date. The 20 largest shareholders 
of Euroclear Holding as at the date of this Base Prospectus, represented 80.89% of the shares of the company, 
making Euroclear Holding a company with dispersed ownership.  
Prospective investors should note that J.P. Morgan Overseas Capital LLC is a shareholder in Euroclear 
Holding.  
The shares of Euroclear Holding may be transferred. Under the articles of association of Euroclear Holding, 
the board of Euroclear Holding can refuse to register a transfer for a defined period of time up to a maximum 
of six months by offering an alternative transferee. If the transferor does not find an agreement with the 
alternative transferee within the six month period referred to above, the transferor may transfer the relevant 
shares to the originally intended transferee in accordance with the provisions of the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code. The board considers a share transfer on the merits of the request and identity of the 
proposed transferee. Due to the presence of regulated entities in the Group, competent authorities need to 
ensure the suitability of the shareholders of these entities. In particular, the Belgian regulated entities of the 
Group (ESA, the Issuer and Euroclear Belgium) are required to notify the NBB of the identity of direct or 
indirect shareholders reaching certain thresholds of participation in the Belgian entity’s capital. The concerned 
direct or indirect shareholder must gain prior approval from the NBB and, in some cases, the ECB. Similar 
obligations exist in relation to the other regulated entities within the Group.  
(B) 
Euroclear AG  
The purpose of the company is the acquisition, holding, management and sale of participations in companies 
in Switzerland and abroad and in particular in Group companies. In addition, the company (either itself or 
through subsidiaries) provides services in the non-regulated financial sector to the Group or third parties and 
researches and develops new business areas for the benefit of the Group. 
(C) 
Euroclear Investments  
Euroclear Investments is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Euroclear AG and it is the intermediary holding 
company through which Euroclear Holding holds its investments in the various Operating Entities. It provides 
various management and administrative services, such as, among others, providing real estate management 
for the benefit of the Group. Euroclear Investments is rated AA by S&P and AA by Fitch.  
(D) 
Euroclear SA/NV 
ESA is the parent company of the Operating Entities and provides system development and support services 
to those entities. Due to the limited nature of Euroclear Holding and Euroclear Investments’ activity, neither 
company has a dedicated internal audit, risk management or compliance function. Instead, these control 
functions are established for the Group at the level of ESA (except where there is a specific legal or regulatory 
requirement for an individual entity to have a dedicated function). Services centralised in ESA are: IT 
production and development, human resources, corporate secretariat, legal, financial, facilities and 
procurement, sales and relationship management, product management, strategy and public affairs, 
communications and marketing.  
(E) 
Group Operating Entities 
The Operating Entities include the Euroclear CSDs and the Issuer in its capacity as CSD with a banking 
licence. The Euroclear CSDs - Euroclear Belgium, Euroclear France, Euroclear Nederland, Euroclear UK & 
International Limited, Euroclear Sweden AB and Euroclear Finland Oy - serve as local CSDs and settlement 
systems in the countries where they are based.

--- Page 127 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
127 
Group Corporate Organisation 
The Group has set up an integrated corporate structure to help it deliver on its objectives.  
As (in)direct ESA shareholders, Euroclear Holding, Euroclear AG and Euroclear Investments create the 
conditions necessary to ensure sound, objective and prudent management of ESA and treat the holding of 
their interest in ESA in accordance with these conditions. Euroclear Holding, Euroclear AG and Euroclear 
Investments have undertaken to adopt all measures necessary to promote ESA’s stability and autonomous 
management of its business in support of its long-term development. Given the dual governance group 
structure (i.e. Euroclear Holding as top holding company of the Group and ESA as top holding company of 
the group containing ESA and the Operating Entities (“Regulated Group”)) and taking into account the 
systemic risk profile of the Regulated Group, the respective boards adopt or adhere to certain principles in 
regard of the decision-making and information flows on strategic and important matters affecting the 
Regulated Group.  
As the controlling shareholder of the Operating Entities, the governance bodies of ESA also formulate 
shareholder expectations which the Operating Entities are expected to meet. In this same capacity, ESA is 
subject to the ongoing assessment by the CSD supervisory authorities of its suitability to ensure sound and 
prudent management of the Operating Entities. In addition, as a financial holding company and institution 
supporting a central securities depository, ESA is subject to prudential supervision requirements set forth in 
the CRR/CRD framework and Belgian law (see the section headed “Regulatory Information” below for 
further details).  
To this end, all boards of the Regulated Group adopt or adhere to governance arrangements that identify the 
group matters requiring a consolidated, group-wide alignment and coordination within the Regulated Group 
based on shareholders’ expectations and/or regulatory requirements. These arrangements also contain the 
principles of elaboration and implementation across the Group of such standards and minimum requirements 
as well as an escalation mechanism in case an Operating Entity is of the view that it needs to deviate.  
Within this framework, each Operating Entity sets its own strategic and operational objectives, which must 
be consistent with those set by ESA. These Operating Entities are separate legal entities, which are subject to 
their respective legal and regulatory environments. The board of directors (and board committees) of each of 
these Operating Entities is responsible for ensuring a consistent implementation of the Group’s strategy and 
due observance of the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to them. The boards of these entities are 
chaired by an independent non-executive director. The boards are also comprised of senior Group executives 
and independent directors (according to the respective entities’ legal and regulatory requirements) affiliated 
neither with the Group executives nor with any user firm. This board composition is designed to ensure a 
coherent, effective and timely implementation across the Group of the strategy and policies set by ESA for 
the Group as a whole, while at the same time ensuring that each Operating Entity is governed consistently in 
line with its legal and regulatory requirements.  
The Group’s senior management, by playing a role both within ESA and at the boards of the Operating 
Entities, helps ensure that there is coherence between the interests of the parent companies and those of the 
Operating Entities and that the sensitivities of the Operating Entities are well understood by the boards of the 
parent companies of the Group (Euroclear Holding and ESA) and vice versa.  
7. 
Governance Structure of the Issuer  
The Board currently comprises eleven members (each a “Director”), as detailed in the table below. The Board 
has established various advisory committees, as detailed below, which monitor, assist and advise on their 
respective areas of delegated responsibility. In accordance with article 24 of the Belgian Banking Law, a 
Management Committee has been established (the “Management Committee”). The Management 
Committee has been entrusted with the general management of the Issuer as provided in Article 7:110 of the

--- Page 128 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
128 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code, with the exception of (i) the determination of the strategy and 
general policy of the Issuer and (ii) the powers reserved to the Board by law or the Issuer’s articles of 
association (the “Articles”). The current members of the Management Committee have been identified in the 
table below as Executive Directors.  
Name 
Position 
Outside Directorships/Activities 
Robert Peirce 
Chairman and Director 
European Money Market Institute 
(EMMI) aisbl 
MicroStart SCRL-FS 
Solvay Brussels School of Economics 
Victoria Cochrane 
Independent Director 
IntegraFin Holdings PLC  
HM Courts and Tribunals Service 
Ninety One plc  
James Michael (Mike) 
Martin 
Independent Director 
Consilium Sports Group Limited 
True Potential Administration LLP 
DLTM Limited 
DM134 Limited 
Carl Tilkin-Franssens 
Independent Director 
EBA-Clearing 
ToaC-Solutions  
Spott nv  
Laco (business inteIligence consutancy) 
Bernard Frenay 
Non-Executive Director 
No reportable external functions 
Anne Swaelus 
Non-Executive Director 
No reportable external functions 
Peter Sneyers 
CEO and Executive 
Director 
No reportable external functions 
 
Didier Boonen  
CFO and Executive 
Director 
No reportable external functions 
Stéphane Bernard 
Executive Director 
No reportable external functions 
Marie-Anne Haegeman 
Head of Banking and 
Network 
Argenta Bank en Verzekerings 
Szandra Nagyné 
Komócsi 
Chief Risk Officer and 
Executive Director 
No reportable external functions

--- Page 129 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
129 
On 1 July 2021, Peter Sneyers was appointed CEO and Valérie Urbain and Paul Hurd ceased to be Executive 
Directors of the Issuer. Marie-Anne Haegeman took up the position as Head of Banking and Network and 
Szandra Nagyné Komócsi was appointed as Chief Risk Officer as from 9 November 2021.  
The Directors may, from time to time, hold directorships or other significant interests with companies outside 
of the Group which may have business relationships with the Group. Directors have a legal and fiduciary duty 
to avoid conflicts of interest with the Issuer. The Board has adopted a policy and effective procedures to 
manage and, where appropriate, approve conflicts or potential conflicts of interest. Under these procedures, 
Directors are required to declare all directorships of companies which are not part of the Group, along with 
other appointments which could result in conflicts or could give rise to a potential conflict.  
The Issuer confirms that there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to it and the 
private interests or other duties of the members of the Board of Directors or the members of the Management 
Committee.  
The Issuer applies Article 7:115 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code in relation to any conflicts 
of interest that the Directors may have when attending respectively, Board meetings, or Management 
Committee meetings. Where such conflict of interest arises under Article 7:115 of the Belgian Companies 
and Associations Code, the relevant conflicted Director(s) do not attend the discussion of such topics or 
participate in the vote.  
The business address for each of the above Directors is the Issuer’s registered office (see address above).  
According to article 28 of CSDR, a user committee (the “User Committee”) has been established for the 
securities settlement system the Issuer operates.  
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is the ultimate decision making body of the Issuer and is charged with setting the 
policies and strategy for the Issuer within the framework of and taking into consideration the overarching 
strategy, policies and risk tolerance defined by the Group.  
(A) 
Role and Responsibilities 
The Board is empowered to determine the Issuer’s general policy and strategy and to perform all acts which, 
by law, are reserved specifically for it. 
In carrying out this role, each Board member acts in good faith in the way s/he considers would be most likely 
to promote the success of the Issuer for the benefit of its shareholders as a whole while having due regard to 
the interests of other stakeholders (such as customers, employees and suppliers, public interest, supervisory 
authorities). The Board also has regard to the interests of the Group, provided the proper balance is struck 
between the burden imposed on the Issuer and the eventual benefit to the Issuer. 
The primary responsibilities of the Board are to define and oversee the implementation of the strategy and 
objectives of the Issuer, its risk framework (including risk appetite and policies) and to supervise the Issuer’s 
management. In defining the strategy of the Issuer, the Board handles any individual strategic matters as and 
when they arise. 
The control and oversight of the Issuer’s management is carried out by the Board in various ways. The Board 
has access to the minutes of all Management Committee meetings upon request. In addition, the Board also 
has access to all management reports on the implementation of the agreed strategy, risk profile and financial 
position of the Issuer and all other matters delegated from the Board to the Management Committee, including 
but not limited to regular reporting on risk control policies, risk tolerance, metrics and critical residual risk. 
The level of control over the Issuer’s management is assessed regularly by the Board as a whole as part of the 
Board’s self-assessment process, which specifically covers the Issuer’s management’s relationship with the

--- Page 130 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
130 
Board. The responsibilities of the Board have been defined in detail in the Articles and its own Terms of 
Reference. 
(B) 
Composition 
The Board comprises at least six individual members. All Board members are natural persons. There is no 
maximum number of Board members prescribed by the Articles. In accordance with the Belgian Banking 
Law, the Board includes all the members of the Management Committee. The majority of the Board members 
are non-executive Directors.  
At least one third, but no less than two of the non-executive Board members are independent Directors. The 
Issuer strives to have at least four independent directors on the Board to be able to reinforce the breadth and 
depth of expertise, build upon the Board effectiveness and governance and adequately constitute the Board’s 
Committees. Independence is defined in accordance with the criteria defined under Article 7:87, §1 of the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code and takes into account ESMA’s Q&A considerations on the 
implementation of CSDR as well.  
A number of the non-executive Directors on the Issuer’s Board are also members of the Group management. 
This promotes a coherence in strategy and policies as between Group entities and ensures the sensitivities of 
the Issuer are well understood by ESA and vice versa. All non-executive directors have a fiduciary duty to act 
objectively and independently in that function to ensure that the corporate interests of the Issuer and the 
general interest of the infrastructure are preserved. 
In order to ensure that the Board shall be composed of suitable members of sufficiently good repute with an 
appropriate mix of skills, experience and knowledge of the Issuer and of the market, the Issuer has adopted 
the “Board and Board Committee Composition Policy”. All nominations to the Board are made, based on the 
particular need of the Board at the time of appointment: 
 
against merit, based on objective criteria defined by the Board; 
 
on the basis of a Director’s potential contribution in terms of knowledge, experience and skills; 
 
with a view to ensuring a balanced Board; and 
 
actively taking all aspects of diversity into account. 
Being qualified as a public interest enterprise, the Issuer, in accordance with Article 7:106 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code, has set a minimum of one third representation of the under-represented 
gender. Out of the eleven Board members (as at 1 May 2021), four are of the under-represented gender. The 
Board reviews each year, as part of the annual review of Board and Board’s Committee composition, and 
agrees, as necessary, on measurable objectives for achieving and maintaining diversity on the Board. 
In the third quarter of 2021, the Issuer plans to adopt its reviewed suitability policy and internal appointment 
process for Board, Management Committee and key function holders to adhere to the principles laid down in 
the latest joint ESMA and European Banking Authority (“EBA”) guidelines on the assessment of the 
suitability of the management body and key function holders under Directive 2013/36/EU and MiFID II to 
the extent applicable. 
(C) 
Appointment, Renewal and Resignation of Board Members 
In line with Belgian legal requirements, Board members are appointed by the shareholders. The appointment 
of the Directors is for an initial term of three years. At the end of their term, Directors may be re-elected by 
the general shareholders meeting. Should a Board member leave the Board before the end of her/his term, the 
Board can appoint a new Board member to fill the vacancy; such appointment being confirmed by the 
shareholders at the next general meeting, and made for the remaining duration of the predecessor’s term. On

--- Page 131 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
131 
request of the Issuer, however, the resigning Director shall continue to exercise his mandate until his 
replacement can reasonably be arranged. 
Appointments of individual Board members are subject to a prior assessment of his or her expertise and 
professional integrity, and to prior regulatory approval by the supervisory authority. Where a new Board 
member is being appointed, the NBB is provided with all the necessary information and documents to assess 
the experience and skills of the candidate and ensure s/he is fit and proper to sit on the Issuer’s Board. The 
Issuer will also inform the supervisory authority of any proposed renewal of appointment, as well as of non-
renewal and removal.  
Once a Board member is appointed, information on the Board member, and on her/his directorship and 
managerial functions exercised outside the Issuer are communicated to the NBB through its regulatory 
reporting system. 
The Board appoints a Chair from among its independent non-executive members, subject to prior regulatory 
approval from the NBB, and may at any time remove him/her from office. 
The Chair presides every meeting of the Board and is responsible for directing, advising and leading the Board 
in all aspects of carrying out its role as the senior governing body of the Issuer. In carrying out this role, the 
Chair is pivotal in ensuring strong corporate governance and process integrity within the Board, facilitating 
the Board relationship with management, creating the conditions for overall Board and individual Director 
effectiveness, both inside and outside the boardroom, realising the potential of the Board and controlling the 
implementation of the allocation of powers between the Board and the Management Committee and putting 
in place a strong line of communication with the parent entity. 
(D) 
Remuneration 
The remuneration package of Board members is decided by the shareholders’ meeting. The “non-
independent” non-executive and executive directors are not remunerated for their mandate as members of the 
Board. The individual fixed remuneration levels depend on the general role fulfilment of an individual, his/her 
development in the job and his/her role and responsibilities and is determined in line with the Issuer’s 
Compensation Policy.  
(E) 
External directorship and managerial functions 
All members of the Board are required to commit sufficient time to perform their functions in the Issuer. There 
are some restrictions and limits on the number of directorship mandates or managerial functions that Board 
members can exercise outside the Group. Prior to accepting any external function, the Board member informs 
the Company Secretary, who will ensure the appropriate ‘authorisation / information / publication’ procedure, 
as described in the Board Policy on External Mandates for Board and Senior Management pursuant to Article 
62 §3 of the Belgian Banking Law, is followed. 
Board Advisory Committees 
In order to perform its responsibilities more efficiently, the Board has established several advisory 
committees: the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nominations 
and Governance Committee (each a “Committee”). 
(A) 
Composition and appointment  
Each Committee is composed of at least three members, all of whom are non-executive Board members. The 
majority of the members of the Committees are independent within the meaning of Article 7:87, §1 of the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code and applicable regulatory requirements. The majority of members 
by Committee is different. No non-executive Director can sit in more than three Committees.

--- Page 132 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
132 
The Chair of each Committee is independent and cannot be Chair of the Board simultaneously. The Chairs of 
the Audit Committee, Risk Committee and Remuneration Committees are different. 
Committee members are appointed by the Board (except for the Chair of the Audit Committee being appointed 
by the Audit Committee members). The composition of each Committee is regularly reviewed in order to 
make sure each Committee remains properly composed, with the required level of collective and individual 
knowledge, commitment, availability and independence of mind.  
The appointment of the Chair of each of the Committees is made after having obtained the NBB approval 
regarding the fit and proper character of the candidate. Any change to the composition of any Committee is 
notified to the NBB. 
Each Committee can, and does from time to time, appoint observers and/or advisors to the Committee who 
are professionals with experience relevant to the role and workings of the said Committee. The membership 
and expertise of those Committees is disclosed in the annual report. 
(B) 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee (“AC”) is an advisory committee of the Board established to assist the Board in 
fulfilling its financial reporting, audit, technology, and compliance and ethics oversight responsibilities. In 
discharging its responsibilities, the AC also reviews the controls over all outsourced services on which the 
Issuer is dependent.  
The members of the AC collectively focus on understanding the Issuer’s business, accounting, audit and IT 
matters and at least one member is competent in either audit and/or accounting matters, and at least one 
member is competent in IT matters. The AC meets at least on a quarterly basis with additional ad-hoc meetings 
as deemed appropriate by the Chair. 
(C) 
Risk Committee  
The Risk Committee (“RC”) assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities for the Issuer in respect 
of the following: risk tolerance and profile, risk exposures, risk management framework and critical risk 
policies, risk management function, chief risk officer, strategic matters, remuneration policy and business 
continuity. The RC meets on a quarterly basis with additional ad-hoc meetings as deemed appropriate by the 
Chair.  
The RC shall be informed about major risk or control issues raised by/to another Committee to enable it to 
assess the acceptability within the Issuer’s risk profile. 
The RC interacts with the AC to ensure consistency and avoid gaps in their respective roles. To this end, the 
chair of the AC has an open invitation to attend the RC meetings where desired. The AC and RC may meet from 
time to time to discuss areas of common interest and significant matters of relevance to both Committees 
including, but not limited to, internal capital adequacy assessment process, cyber security and/or internal control 
system reports. 
(D) 
Remuneration Committee  
The Remuneration Committee (“RemCo”) assists and advises the Board in: 
 
defining a compensation policy for the Issuer within the global compensation philosophy of the 
Euroclear group; 
 
ensuring that the members of the Management Committee, identified staff (also called material risk 
takers) and the non-executive Board members of the Issuer are compensated as per the principles 
described in the Euroclear compensation policy; and

--- Page 133 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
133 
 
overseeing management’s implementation of the compensation policy. 
The RemCo members exercise relevant and independent judgment on the remuneration policies and practices. 
They collectively have the knowledge, expertise and experience concerning remuneration policies and 
practices, risk management and control activities, namely with regard to the mechanism for aligning the 
remuneration structure to the Issuer’s risk and capital profiles. The RemCo members collectively also have 
an understanding of the Issuer’s business and competence relevant to the sector in which the Issuer operates. 
The RemCo meets at least two times a year with additional ad-hoc meetings as deemed appropriate by the 
Chair.  
The RemCo works closely with the RC in evaluating the incentives created by the compensation policy.  
(E) 
Nominations and Governance Committee  
The Nominations and Governance Committee (“NGC”) assists and advises the Board in all matters in relation 
to the suitability assessment of Board, Management Committee members and key function holders, Board 
and Committee composition, succession planning as well as corporate governance matters, as they apply to 
the Issuer. 
(F) 
Management Committee 
Roles and Responsibilities  
The Management Committee reports directly to the Board and, where it concerns an area within the remit of 
the Committees, to the Board’s specific Committees which in turn report their analysis on the same to the 
Board. 
The Management Committee may delegate specific powers which may be exercised beyond the day-to-day 
management, with the power to sub-delegate, to one or more persons or group of persons. It may, among 
other things, delegate, with the power to sub-delegate, the following specific powers, to be exercised 
consistently with the decisions of the Management Committee:  
 
specific powers to committees in all areas necessary or useful to the management of the Issuer;  
 
specific powers to senior management, in all areas necessary or useful to the management of the 
Issuer insofar as they fall within the remit of their respective divisions; and 
 
without prejudice to the prerogatives of the Board, certain powers are exclusive to the Management 
Committee vis-à-vis any other internal structure of the Issuer and may not be delegated by the 
Management Committee. Such powers include: 
 
the delegation of powers to committees established by the Management Committee, to one or 
more persons or to groups of persons, save where it is expressly provided in the Management 
Committee Terms of Reference; 
 
decisions on the reporting process to the Management Committee (content and frequency of 
reporting obligations); 
 
strategic recommendations to the Board;  
 
decisions effecting a material change to the global internal organisational structure of the Issuer; 
and 
 
decisions that involve a material reputational, material financial, or material legal risk to the 
Issuer. 
Composition

--- Page 134 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
134 
The Management Committee is composed of at least two members, and as many members as the Board may 
decide from time to time to appoint, who form a college.  
In accordance with Article 24 of the Belgian Banking Law, all voting members of the Management Committee 
are members of the Board. Members shall be of sufficiently good repute and experience so as to ensure the 
sound and prudent management of the Issuer. 
Appointment and Resignation of Management Committee Members 
With respect to future potential members of the Management Committee, the Chair of the Management 
Committee (i.e. the Chief Executive Officer) proposes possible candidates to the Board. The Board determines 
the length of Management Committee members’ mandates, but members are generally appointed for an 
undetermined period of time. 
Each proposal of appointment of a Management Committee member (and possible renewal of appointment) 
as well as the resignation or dismissal of a Management Committee member is duly notified to the NBB. Any 
appointment of a Management Committee member is subject to the approval of the NBB. The NBB is 
provided with all the necessary information and documents to assess the experience and skills of the candidate 
and ensure s/he is fit and proper to sit on the Issuer’s Management Committee. Once appointed, information 
on the Management Committee members and on his/her directorship and managerial functions exercised 
outside of the Issuer are communicated to the NBB through the eManex system. 
Chair - Chief Executive Officer  
The Chair of the Management Committee is the CEO and is appointed by the Board on the proposal of, and 
after consultation with, the Management Committee, and subject to approval by the NBB. The CEO must be 
a different person than the Chair of the Board. 
The Management Committee has delegated to the CEO (in accordance with Article 7:121 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code relating to the delegation of powers) the day-to-day management and the 
representation of the Issuer, in respect of the areas on which competence the Management Committee has 
competency (as decided by the members of the Management Committee from time to time). The day-to-day 
management refers to those acts which are necessary for the day-to-day operating of the Issuer and for which 
a Management Committee meeting is not required, considering the minor importance of such acts and the 
necessity for prompt action. The CEO may sub-delegate any powers related to the day-to-day management to 
the persons s/he designates. 
Internal Audit, Strategy, Legal, Regulatory Relationship Management, Corporate Secretariat, Human 
Resources, Compliance and Governance, as well as Branch Managers report to the CEO.  
The CEO is assisted by the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operations Officer, the Chief Risk Officer and 
the Head of Banking and Network.  
Remuneration 
The remuneration of the Management Committee members is fixed by the Board on the proposal of the 
RemCo. The RemCo discusses and recommends to the Board for approval the Management Committee 
members’ annual and long-term fixed and variable compensation, as well as any executive perquisites, 
pension and other benefits. Fixed and variable compensation of Management Committee members is set out 
on the basis of the Issuer’s compensation policy. 
External directorships and managerial functions 
All members of the Management Committee should commit sufficient time to perform their functions in the 
Issuer. There are some restrictions and limits on the number of directorship mandates or managerial functions 
that Management Committee members can exercise outside the Group. Prior to accepting any external

--- Page 135 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
135 
function (in or outside the Group), the Management Committee member must inform the Company Secretary, 
who will ensure the appropriate ‘authorisation / information / publication’ procedure is followed, as described 
in the Board Policy on External mandates for Board and Senior Management pursuant to Article 62 §3 of the 
Belgian Banking Law. Directorships functions exercised are published on the Group website 
(www.euroclear.com). 
Advisory Group  
The Management Committee has set up an advisory group (the “Advisory Group”) composed of key senior 
roles who can contribute specific expertise to the Management Committee to assist it in carrying out its role. 
The Management Committee retains full decision making power and responsibility on all matters within their 
role as delegated by the Board. 
The members of the Advisory Group are determined by the Management Committee depending on their 
potential contribution in terms of knowledge, experience and skills, and in accordance with the needs of the 
Management Committee at the time of the nomination. The individual members’ existing reporting lines 
within the Issuer will not be affected by their membership to the Advisory Group.  
The Management Committee has also set up the following committees to assist it in the performance of its 
duties: Credit and Assets Liabilities Committee; Risk, Local Security & Operating Committee; and Group 
Admission Committee. 
(G) 
User Committee 
The User Committee provides independent advice to the Board, on key arrangements that impact the Issuer’s 
users, for example, the criteria for accepting issuers and participants, and service level, including relevant 
significant developments needed to adapt to legal, regulatory, tax or other market changes impacting the way 
participants and/or issuers interact with the Issuer.  
The User Committee may submit a non-binding opinion to the Board containing detailed reasons regarding 
the pricing structures. The User Committee may submit a request for implementation of DVP settlement for 
any link maintained by the Issuer. 
The User Committee is composed of representatives of participants and issuers in the securities settlement 
system. The User Committee Chair and members should have appropriate knowledge of the post-trade 
industry and sufficient seniority and experience.

--- Page 136 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
136 
REGULATORY INFORMATION 
The Group operates in a highly regulated environment and it is subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the 
various jurisdictions in which the Issuer and the Group’s national central securities depositories operate. The 
following paragraphs contain a non-exhaustive and high-level summary of various regulatory regimes applicable to 
the Group.  
As such, investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the regulatory landscape (and any reforms to it) in which the Issuer and the Group operate prior 
to making any investment decision with respect to any Notes issued by the Issuer. 
1. 
Belgian Regulatory Oversight 
The NBB supervises each of the Belgian regulated entities of the Group. That is, it supervises:  
(i) 
ESA as an institution supporting a central securities depository within the meaning of article 36/26/1 
par. 4 of the Law of 22 February 1998 establishing the organic status of the NBB (the “Organic 
Law”); 
(ii) 
the Issuer as an authorised Belgian CSD, pursuant to the Organic Law and as a credit institution 
pursuant to the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and 
stockbroking firms (the “Belgian Banking Law”); and 
(iii) 
Euroclear Belgium as a Belgian CSD pursuant to the Organic Law. 
The Issuer and Euroclear Belgium are authorised CSDs under CSDR. The NBB also oversees ESA as a 
Belgian financial holding company (i.e. as the parent entity of a credit institution (the Issuer) and a CSD 
(Euroclear Belgium)) pursuant to the Belgian Banking Law and CRR. 
ESA, the Issuer and Euroclear Belgium are also subject to supervision by the Belgian Financial Services and 
Market Authority (the “FSMA”) for matters which fall within the competences of the FSMA (which is 
competent, amongst other things, for the supervision of the financial market and of conduct of business rules). 
The FSMA also partially supervises the compliance function of these entities. 
For the purposes of prudential supervision, ESA has been designated by the Belgian regulator as a 
“systemically important financial institution” (“SIFI”). It is therefore subject to reinforced supervisory rules 
under the Organic Law. In particular, this means that pursuant to article 36/3, par. 2 of the Organic Law, the 
NBB has a right to object to strategic decisions taken by ESA if they endanger the sound and prudent 
management of the institution or create a material risk for the stability of the financial sector and it may 
impose specific measures on ESA in areas such as liquidity, solvability and concentration of risks if deemed 
necessary to ensure the stability of the financial system. The Issuer and Euroclear Belgium have also been 
designated as SIFIs. In addition, the NBB has designated ESA and the Issuer as each being a “domestic 
systemically important institution” (referred to in CRR and CRD IV as an “Other Systemically Important 
Institution” or “O-SII”) under the Belgian Banking Law. 
Euroclear Holding and Euroclear Investments, as the parent companies of ESA and indirect parent 
undertaking of the Issuer, are also both considered financial holding companies and are in the perimeter of 
consolidated supervision of the Group. This status makes neither Euroclear Holding nor Euroclear 
Investments subject to the NBB’s supervision on an individual basis, but implies that the supervision of each 
of their Belgian-regulated subsidiaries will be made on the basis of the consolidated financial situation of 
Euroclear Holding (although certain derogations have been obtained from the Belgian regulator in respect of 
financial reporting by Euroclear Investments).

--- Page 137 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
137 
The control on a consolidated basis exercised by the NBB on Euroclear Holding, Euroclear Investments and 
ESA relates, among other things, to their (i) financial situation, (ii) compliance with the requirements in terms 
of shareholdings in other undertakings, (iii) management, business organisation, internal audit procedures and 
group impact, and (iv) adequacy of administrative and accounting organisation.  
2. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer and certain other entities in the Group (including, but not limited to, its parent company, ESA) are 
subject to various powers granted under legislation at national and European levels aiming at, amongst other 
things, managing bank failures, safeguarding financial stability and strengthening depositor protection. The 
key legislation includes: (i) the BRRD and (ii) the Belgian Banking Law, as amended from time to time, which 
implements into Belgian law the BRRD (the BRRD and the Belgian Banking Law together the “Belgian 
Resolution Laws”). Further, the Issuer is also within the scope of the BRRD as a company within the 
supervision of the NBB on a consolidated basis based on the parent undertaking (ESA). The BRRD II was 
implemented into Belgian law by the Belgian law of 11 July 2021, published in the Belgian Official Gazette 
on 23 July 2021 (the “Belgian BRRD II Law”). It amends the Belgian Banking Law and aims at 
implementing BRRD II faithfully. 
The BRRD is designed to provide the Relevant Resolution Authority with a set of tools to enable them to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of 
the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimizing the impact of an institution’s 
failure on the economy and financial system. If the Relevant Resolution Authority considers that (a) an 
institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector 
measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution 
action is in the public interest, the Relevant Resolution Authority may without the consent of the institution’s 
creditors use the following resolution tools and powers alone or in combination: (i) sell all or part of the 
business on commercial terms; (ii) transfer all or part of the business to a “bridge institution” (an entity created 
for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) transfer impaired or problem assets to one 
or more publicly owned asset management vehicles with a view to maximizing their value through eventual 
sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) “bail in” 
debt, including the Notes, by writing down liabilities or converting certain unsecured debt claims to equity as 
a means of recapitalising the failing institution. 
The BRRD also provides the Relevant Resolution Authority with broader powers to implement other 
resolution measures with respect to distressed banks, which may include (without limitation) the replacement 
or substitution of the Issuer as obligor in respect of debt instruments (including the Notes), modifications to 
the terms of debt instruments, such as the Notes (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest 
payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission 
to trading of financial instruments (including the Notes). The BRRD II has inter alia strengthened the concept 
of bail-in and introduced the concepts of "resolution entity" and "resolution group" to more clearly identify 
the entities that will be subject to a resolution and to allow resolution authorities to better calibrate and identify 
the measures of resolutions that are likely to be applied. 
Bail-in powers 
In order for the Relevant Resolution Authority to be permitted to exercise its bail-in powers, it must be 
satisfied that (in addition to the other cumulative conditions set out above) the Issuer is failing or is likely to 
fail. This determination requires that one or more of the following circumstances are present:  
(i) 
the Issuer infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that the Issuer 
will, in the near future, infringe the requirements for continuing authorisation in a way that 
would justify the withdrawal of the authorisation by the competent authority, including but not

--- Page 138 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
138 
limited to because the Issuer has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a 
significant amount of its own funds; 
(ii) 
the assets of the Issuer are or there are objective elements to support a determination that the 
assets of the Issuer will, in the near future, be less than its liabilities; 
(iii) 
the Issuer is or there are objective elements to support a determination that the Issuer will, in 
the near future, be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; and/or  
(iv) 
the Issuer requests extraordinary public financial support. 
The BRRD specifies that governments will only be entitled to use public money to rescue credit institutions 
as a last resort and provided that a minimum of 8% of the own funds and total liabilities have been written 
down, converted or bailed in or, by way of derogation, if the contribution to loss absorption and 
recapitalisation is equal to an amount not less than 20% of risk-weighted assets and certain additional 
conditions are met.  
3. 
Capital and Liquidity requirements 
The Issuer is subject to the Basel III framework (the “Basel Framework”) which is implemented through the 
CRR. The Basel Framework differentiates between three so-called pillars, which are expected to be mutually 
reinforcing. The Pillar 1 (common equity tier 1 capital requirement) is centred on the credit, market and 
operational risks that the Issuer is exposed to and is set under CRR and CRD IV at 4.50% of risk-weighted 
assets (CET1 ratio Pillar 1). Under Pillar 2, the Issuer is expected to produce its own assessment of capital 
and liquidity adequacy, based on the risks that the Issuer faces in its activities, including additional risk types 
such as interest risk in the banking book. The Pillar 2 add-on is set in addition to the CET1 ratio and lays out 
the interaction between the banks’ own assessments and the banking supervisors’ response (the “supervisory 
review and evaluation process” or “SREP”). Pillar 3 aims to promote market discipline through the disclosure 
of institutional information.  
Under Pillar 1, banks are subject to a total capital requirement of 8% of risk-weighted assets, which includes 
a minimum requirement of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (“CET1 Capital”) equal to at least 4.5% of risk-
weighted assets and Tier 1 capital equal to at least 6% of risk-weighted assets. The remaining total capital 
requirement can be satisfied using Tier 2 or Tier 1 capital. As indicated above, banks are also subject to Pillar 
2 capital requirements set by their regulatory authority which capture risks not addressed adequately by the 
Pillar 1 capital requirements. The overall capital requirement applicable to ESA and its subsidiaries on a 
consolidated basis (the “ESA Consolidated Group”) is larger than the average bank requirements due to the 
low density of risk-weighted assets within the capital structure. In addition, banks are required to maintain a 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5% (expressed as a percentage of risk-weighted assets), a countercyclical 
capital buffer of up to 2.5% (expressed as a percentage of risk-weighted assets) and, where applicable, 
additional buffers set by regulators to reflect the systemic importance of an institution. Each of these capital 
buffer requirements must be met with CET1 Capital.  
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer’s CET1 ratio showed a material excess of approximately 30% compared 
to its overall requirement. The CET1 ratio of the Issuer increased to 43.5% as at 31 December 2021 compared 
to 35.9% as at 31 December 2020. 
While interest earnings are expected to grow materially as blocked payments and redemptions (arising from 
imposition of sanctions on Russia and Russian countermeasures) continue to accumulate in an environment 
of rising interest rates, this should not result in a material change in credit risk profile and are not expected to 
have a meaningful impact on the Issuer’s capital ratios. This is due to a combination of risk mitigation 
measures, including: reinvestment of frozen balances via repos and FX swaps; and the additional risk transfer 
measures included in the terms and conditions governing use of Euroclear’s systems (implemented as part of 
the first wave of EU sanctions against Russia), which act as an effective risk mitigation technique under the

--- Page 139 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
139 
CRR in respect of (i) frozen cash deposits with Russian cash correspondents, and (ii) proceeds resulting from 
Russian domestic securities held by the Issuer in accounts with, and blocked by, the National Central Bank of 
Russia being accounted for as fiduciary duties.  
At present, a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% is applicable to the Issuer, both on a stand-alone basis and 
together with the ESA Consolidated Group, having been in place since 1 January 2019. The countercyclical 
buffer rate set by the NBB for Belgian exposures is currently set at 0%. 
Given its O-SII status, in 2016 the NBB started applying an O-SII buffer of 0.75% (phased in over a period 
of three years (i.e. 0.25% in 2016, 0.50% in 2017 and 0.75% in 2018)) to the Issuer.  
In addition, the Issuer needs to comply with the specific prudential regulatory requirements in respect of the 
management of liquidity risks pursuant to article 59(4) of CSDR, in particular the risk to which it would be 
exposed following the default of at least two of its participants.  
The Issuer is also subject to certain capital requirements under CSDR. The CSDR sets minimum capital 
requirements for business risk and intraday credit risk to borrowing participants. These requirements are 
captured in the Pillar 2 capital requirement described above. In addition, CSDR requires CSDs to hold extra 
capital to ensure an orderly wind down as a ‘gone concern’. For this purpose, the Issuer holds Tier 2 capital 
equivalent to six months of operating expenses (in addition to its CET1 capital requirements) and fully 
satisfies this requirement. With a total capital ratio of 50%, the Issuer holds around six times the minimum 
CET1 requirement under CRR and CRD IV (including the O-SII buffer and the capital conservation buffer 
mentioned above).  
As mentioned in paragraph 4 (Risks related to the Issuer and the Group - Legal, Regulatory and Compliance 
Risk) of the “Risk Factors” section, CRD IV has been further amended by the implementation of CRD V. 
CRD V anticipates (among other things) changes to the application of the Basel Framework to exempted 
entities, financial holding companies and mixed financial holding companies. The Belgian BRRD II Law also 
transposes CRD V into Belgian law. It aims at implementing CRD V faithfully and does not materially change 
the existing obligations of the Issuer under CRD IV.  
It is also possible that CRD V will be further amended by virtue of the so-called ‘CRD VI’ but, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the details and effects of this are unknown. 
4. 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities  
In addition to the requirements detailed above, the BRRD imposes upon credit institutions a requirement to 
hold specified amounts of MREL-eligible instruments, with the aim of ensuring their loss absorption and 
recapitalisation capacity. A Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 (“Delegated 
Regulation”) has specified the components to be taken into account by the Relevant Resolution Authorities 
in determining the applicable MREL requirement with respect to a specific credit institution. As a general 
rule, the loss absorption and recapitalisation capacity of a credit institution should be determined on the basis 
of the applicable capital requirements (as set under CRD IV), as well as certain other specified requirements 
such as combined buffer and leverage ratio requirements, in each case by taking into account the business and 
funding models and risk profile of the relevant credit institution. However, pursuant to article 4(3) of the 
Delegated Regulation, for those credit institutions which are subject to the CSDR only capital requirements 
under CRD IV should be taken into account for assessing the default loss absorption and recapitalisation 
requirements which should apply to it, although the Resolution Authorities may adjust the loss absorption 
amount in certain circumstances.  
A package of reforms (including BRRD II) amending the CRD IV, the SRM Regulation and the BRRD and 
proposing the creation of a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt was adopted by the European 
Parliament on 16 April 2019 and adopted by the Council of the European Union on 14 May 2019. Among 
other things, this package of reforms includes the introduction of fixed minimum levels of MREL (with firm-

--- Page 140 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
140 
specific top-ups (including market confidence buffers) in certain circumstances), and a requirement to meet a 
certain proportion of MREL using subordinated liabilities. The reforms were published in the Official Journal 
of the EU on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. Separately, Directive 2017/2399 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU, implementing the “non-preferred” senior debt class came into force in December 2017.  
On 31 July 2017, the Belgian legislator adopted a new law to, amongst others, amend the Belgian Banking 
Law in order to give effect to certain of these reforms in advance. In particular, the law added a new article 
389/1 in the Belgian Banking Law which aims to increase the effectiveness of the bail-in tool and introduced 
a new category of claims in the statutory creditor hierarchy in the case of a liquidation procedure (procedure 
de liquidation/liquidatieprocedure) of a credit institution. Article 389/1 of the Belgian Banking Law, which 
in the meantime was amended by the Belgian law of 30 July 2018 and the Belgian BRRD II Law, divides 
senior notes into: (i) senior preferred notes, retaining the same ranking as the previous senior notes; and (ii) 
senior non-preferred notes. Senior non-preferred notes are direct, unconditional, senior and unsecured 
(chirographaires/chirografaire) obligations. Such senior non-preferred notes must have the following 
characteristics:  
(i) 
they do not include embedded derivatives and are not themselves derivatives. Debt instruments with 
a variable interest rate resulting from a widely used benchmark rate and debt instruments that are not 
denominated in the issuer’s domestic currency, provided that the principal, the repayment and the 
interest are denominated in the same currency, are not considered as debt instruments including 
embedded derivatives as a result of these sole features; 
(ii) 
their maturity may not be less than one year; 
(iii) 
the issuance terms must expressly provide that the claim is unsecured (chirographaire/chirografair) 
and that their ranking is as set forth in Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
Following the implementation of this new Article 389/1 of the Belgian Banking Law (as further amended by 
the Belgian BRRD II Law) and in accordance with Article 389 of the Belgian Banking Law and any other 
relevant provisions of Belgian law, in case of liquidation of a Belgian credit institution, a Belgian stockbroking 
firm or a Belgian financial holding company, the claims will rank as follows (whereby CET1 Capital will rank 
lowest):  
CET 1 Capital 
 
 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
 
 
Tier 2 Capital 
 
 
Other Subordinated Liabilities 
 
 
Non-Preferred Senior Unsecured Instruments  
(art. 389/1,2° of the Belgian Banking Law) 
 
 
Other Preferred Senior Unsecured Liabilities  
(art. 389/1,1° of the Belgian Banking Law) 
 
pari passu 
Derivatives 
Deposits Large Enterprises (> 100,000 EUR) 
Deposits SMEs and physical persons (> 100,000 EUR) 
 
 
Covered Deposits (≤ 100,000 EUR) 
 
 
Secured Liabilities

--- Page 141 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
141 
The Belgian BRRD II Law provided further clarification in the ranking above, whereby own fund instruments 
are now subordinated to the other Subordinated Liabilities. 
5. 
Benchmark Regulations and Reform  
As mentioned in risk factor 24 (Risks related to the reform and regulation of Benchmarks), various reference 
rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as EURIBOR and LIBOR, have in recent years, 
been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted 
in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. 
The EU Benchmark Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 
and the majority of its provisions became fully applicable in the European Union (“EU”) on 1 January 2018, 
subject to certain transitional provisions to the provision of benchmarks (which apply until the end of 2023), 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the EU. 
The EU Benchmark Regulation applies to ‘contributors’, ‘administrators’ and ‘users’ of benchmarks in the EU. 
It (a) requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered and to comply with requirements 
relating to the administration of benchmarks, (b) prohibits the use in the EU of benchmarks provided by EU 
administrators which are not authorised or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmark Regulation, and 
(c) prohibits the use in the EU of benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators which are either not 
authorised or registered and subject to supervision in a jurisdiction in respect of which an ‘equivalence’ 
decision has been adopted in accordance with the EU Benchmark Regulation or, where such equivalence 
decision is pending, ‘recognised’ by the competent authorities of applicable Member States. An exception to 
this is that a benchmark provided by a non-EU administrator can itself be endorsed for use in the EU by an EU 
authorised or registered administrator or an EU-based supervised entity, following authorisation of the 
endorsement by the relevant competent authority. The UK Benchmark Regulation became fully applicable in 
the UK at the end of the transitional period following the UK’s exit from the EU and, among other things, 
applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similar to the EU Benchmark 
Regulation, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). Both the EU Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation are relevant 
to an assessment of Floating Rate Notes, as they could have a material impact on a benchmark rate, for 
example, by discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain 
benchmarks, by triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or by leading to 
the disappearance of certain benchmarks. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system.  
The sustainability of LIBOR as a benchmark was questioned in the years following the 2008-09 financial crisis 
as a result of the absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including as a result 
of benchmark reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA 
indicated through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR would not be guaranteed after 
2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the administrator of LIBOR, 
published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the 
dates on which this would occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing 
such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology. Concurrently, the FCA published a statement on the 
cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA 
indicated it would cease publication of such LIBOR settings. Permanent cessation occurred immediately after

--- Page 142 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
142 
31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US 
Dollar LIBOR settings and will occur immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other US Dollar LIBOR 
settings. 
Following the implementation of these reforms or any other reforms, the manner of administration of 
benchmarks may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the benchmark 
could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. As such, investors 
should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation and other benchmark-related 
reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.

--- Page 143 ---
Common Reporting Standard – Exchange of information 
 
143 
COMMON REPORTING STANDARD – EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 
International developments  
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) in addition to the U.S. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) with respect to U.S. persons.  
As of 5 July 2022, the total of jurisdictions that have signed the multilateral competent authority agreement on 
automatic exchange of financial account information (“MCAA”) amounts to 116.1 The MCAA is a multilateral 
framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent 
bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS jurisdiction are required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, 
account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and 
other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. 
Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which include trusts and foundations) 
with fiscal residence in another CRS jurisdiction. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive 
entities to report on the relevant controlling persons.  
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in 
direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as 
foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, 
Directive 2011/16/EU.  
FATCA preceded the CRS/DAC2 and concerns a comparable system of exchange of information with respect 
to accounts held by U.S. persons with financial institutions outside of the U.S. (or accounts held by non-U.S. 
passive entities with U.S. controlling persons).  
Belgium 
Belgium has implemented DAC2, the CRS and FATCA, pursuant to the Law of 16 December 2015 regarding 
the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions and by the Belgian tax 
administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an international level and for tax 
purposes (the “Law of 16 December 2015”). 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in 
Belgium (i) as of financial year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States 
(including Austria, irrespective of the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards other 
EU Member States is only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of financial year 2014 (first information 
exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii), with respect to any other jurisdictions that have signed the MCAA, 
as of the respective date to be further determined by royal decree. In a royal decree of 14 June 2017, as amended, 
it was determined that information must automatically be provided from 2017 (for the 2016 financial year) to 
an initial list of 18 jurisdictions, from 2018 (for the 2017 financial year) for 44 additional jurisdictions, from 
2019 (for the 2018 financial year) for one additional jurisdiction, and from 2020 (for the 2019) financial year 
for 6 additional jurisdictions. 
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and to the Law of 16 December 2015. Under DAC 2 and the Law of 16 
December 2015, Belgian financial institutions holding Notes for tax residents in another CRS contracting state 
(or for specified U.S. persons insofar as FATCA is concerned) shall report financial information regarding the 
                                                          
1 https://www.oecd.org/tax/exchange-of-tax-information/crs-mcaa-signatories.pdf.

--- Page 144 ---
Common Reporting Standard – Exchange of information 
 
144 
Notes (e.g. in relation to income and gross proceeds) to the Belgian competent authority who shall communicate 
the information to the competent authority of the state of the tax residence of the beneficial owner. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers.

--- Page 145 ---
Belgian taxation on the Notes 
 
145 
BELGIAN TAXATION ON THE NOTES 
Payments of interest on the Notes, or profits realised by the Noteholder upon the sale or repayment of the Notes, 
may be subject to taxation in its home jurisdiction and/or in other jurisdictions in which it is required to pay 
taxes. 
This section provides a general description of the main Belgian tax aspects and consequences of subscribing 
for, acquiring, holding, redeeming, converting and/or disposing of the Notes. This summary provides general 
information only and is restricted to the matters of Belgian taxation stated herein. It is intended neither as tax 
advice nor as a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax aspects and consequences associated with or 
resulting from any of the above-mentioned transactions. Prospective acquirers are urged to consult their own 
tax advisors concerning the detailed and overall tax consequences of subscribing for, acquiring, holding, 
redeeming, converting and/or disposing of the Notes. 
The summary provided below is based on the information provided in this Base Prospectus and on Belgium’s 
tax laws, regulations, resolutions and other public rules with legal effect, and the interpretation thereof under 
published case law, all as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and with the exception of subsequent 
amendments with retroactive effect. It is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Investors should appreciate that, as a result of changing law or practice, the tax consequences may be otherwise 
than as stated below. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are urged to consult their own professional advisers with respect to the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Notes, taking into account their own particular circumstances and the 
possible impact of any regional, local or national laws. 
General Rule 
For the purpose of the below summary, a Belgian resident is (i) an individual subject to Belgian personal income 
tax (i.e., an individual who has his domicile in Belgium or has his seat of wealth in Belgium, or a person 
assimilated to a Belgian resident), (ii) a legal entity subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e. a company 
that has its main establishment, its administrative seat or its seat of management in Belgium), an Organisation 
for Financing Pensions subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e. a Belgian pension fund incorporated under 
the form of an Organisation for Financing Pensions), or (iii) a legal entity subject to Belgian legal entities tax 
(i.e. an entity other than a legal entity subject to corporate income tax having its main establishment, its 
administrative seat or its seat of management in Belgium).  
A non-resident is any person or entity that is not a Belgian resident.  
For Belgian income tax purposes, an “interest payment” includes (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amounts 
paid by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not at maturity, or 
upon purchase by the Issuer), (iii) if the Notes qualify as “fixed income securities” (in the meaning of article 2, 
§1, 8° of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992 (“BITC 1992”) in case of a realisation of the Notes between two 
interest payment dates to any third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to 
the detention period. “Fixed income securities” are defined as bonds, specific debt certificates issued by banks 
(bon de caisse/ kasbon) and other similar securities, including securities where income is capitalised or 
securities which do not generate a periodic payment of income but are issued at a discount corresponding to the 
capitalised interest up to the maturity date of the securities.

--- Page 146 ---
Belgian taxation on the Notes 
 
146 
Belgian Tax in respect of the Notes 
Belgian withholding tax 
Interest payments on the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will, as a rule, be subject to Belgian withholding 
tax on the gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. Tax treaties may provide for a lower 
rate subject to certain conditions. 
However, the holding of the Notes in the Securities Settlement System permits investors to collect payments of 
interest and principal on their Notes free of Belgian withholding tax if and as long as at the moment of payment 
or attribution of interest the Notes are held by certain investors (the “Eligible Investors”, see below) in an 
exempt securities account (“X-Account”) that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or 
indirect participant in the Securities Settlement System (a “Participant”). Euroclear (in its capacity as a 
settlement system), Clearstream, Euronext Securities Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear 
France and LuxCSD are directly or indirectly Participants for this purpose.  
Holding the Notes through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible Investors to receive the gross 
interest income on their Notes and to transfer the Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants to the Securities Settlement System must keep the Notes which they hold on behalf of Eligible 
Investors on an X-Account, and those which they hold on behalf of non-Eligible Investors in a non-exempt 
securities account (“N-Account”). Payments of interest made through X-Accounts are free of withholding tax; 
payments of interest made through N-Accounts are subject to withholding tax, currently at the standard rate of 
30 per cent., which is withheld from the interest payment and paid by the NBB to the tax authorities.  
“Eligible Investors” are those persons or entities referred to in Article 4 of the Arrêté Royal du 26 mai 1994 
relatif à la perception et à la bonification du précompte mobilier/Koninklijk Besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de 
inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing (Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction and 
indemnification of withholding tax) which include, inter alios: 
(a) Belgian resident corporations subject to Belgian corporate income tax within the meaning of Article 2, §1, 
5°, b) of the BITC 1992; 
(b) without prejudice to Article 262, 1° and 5° of BITC 1992, institutions, associations and companies 
provided for in Article 2, §3 of the Belgian law of 9 July 1975 on the control of insurance companies 
(other than those referred to in (a) and (c)); 
(c) semi-governmental institutions (parastatalen/institutions parastatales) for social security, or institutions 
assimilated therewith, provided for in Article 105, 2º of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing 
BITC 1992; 
(d) non-resident savers provided for in Article 105, 5º of the same Decree whose holding of the Notes is not 
connected to a professional activity in Belgium; 
(e) investment funds provided for in Article 115 of the same Decree; 
(f) 
companies, associations and other tax payers provided for in article 227, 2º of BITC 1992, which have 
used the income generating capital for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and which 
are subject to non-resident income tax in Belgium pursuant to Article 233 BITC 1992;

--- Page 147 ---
Belgian taxation on the Notes 
 
147 
(g) the Belgian State with respect to its investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance 
with Article 265 of BITC 1992; 
(h) investment funds governed by foreign law (such as beleggingsfondsen/fonds de placement) which are an 
undivided estate managed by a management company for the account of the participants, when their units 
are not publicly issued in Belgium and are not traded in Belgium; and 
(i) 
Belgian resident companies, not provided for under (a), whose sole or principal activity consists in the 
granting of credits and loans. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alios, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or non-profit 
organisations, other than those referred to under (b) and (c) above.  
Belgian entities referred to under (b) above which have received gross interest income are required to declare 
and pay withholding tax of 30 per cent. to the Belgian tax authorities themselves. 
Transfers of Notes between an X-Account and an N-Account in the Securities Settlement System give rise to 
certain adjustment payments on account of withholding tax: 
(a) A transfer from an N-Account (to an X-Account or N-Account) gives rise to the payment by the 
transferring non-Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest 
calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date.  
(b) A transfer from an X-Account or N-Account to an N-Account gives rise to the refund by the NBB to the 
transferee non-Eligible Investor of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest calculated from the 
last interest payment date up to the transfer date. 
(c) Transfers of Notes between two X-Accounts do not give rise to any adjustment on account of withholding 
tax.  
Upon opening an X-Account for the holding of Notes with the Securities Settlement System or a Securities 
Settlement System Participant, an Eligible Investor is required to certify its eligible status on a standard form 
approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance and send it to the Participant in the Securities Settlement System 
where this account is kept. There are no ongoing certification requirements for Eligible Investors save that they 
need to inform the Participants of any change of the information contained in the statement of their eligible 
status. However, Participants are required to annually make declarations to the NBB as to the eligible status of 
each investor for whom they hold Notes in an X-Account during the preceding calendar year. 
An X-Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of Notes 
that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that each 
Beneficial Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such a case, the Intermediary must deliver to the Participant a 
statement on a form approved by the Minister of Finance confirming that (i) the Intermediary is itself an Eligible 
Investor and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it are also Eligible Investors. A Beneficial 
Owner is also required to deliver a statement of its eligible status to the Intermediary.  
These identification and reporting requirements do not apply to central securities depositories, as defined by 
Article 2, §1, (1) of Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 
2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and

--- Page 148 ---
Belgian taxation on the Notes 
 
148 
amending Directive 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 236/2012, acting as Participants to the 
Securities Settlement System, provided that (i) they only hold X-Accounts, (ii) they are able to identify the 
holders for whom they hold Notes on such account and (iii) the contractual rules agreed upon by these central 
securities depositories acting as Participants include the contractual undertaking that their client and account 
owners are all Eligible Investors.  
Hence, these identification and reporting requirements do not apply to Notes held in Euroclear (in its capacity 
as a settlement system), Clearstream, Euronext Securities Porto, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear 
France and LuxCSD, any sub-participants outside of Belgium, or any other central securities depository as 
Participants to the Securities Settlement System, provided that (i) they only hold X-Accounts, (ii) they are able 
to identify the holders for whom they hold Notes in such account and (iii) the contractual rules agreed upon by 
these central securities depositories include the contractual undertaking that their clients and account owners 
are all Eligible Investors. The Eligible Investors will need to confirm their status as Eligible Investors in the 
account agreement to be concluded with Euroclear Bank (in its capacity as clearing system), Clearstream, 
Euronext Securities Porto, SIX SIS and Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France and LuxCSD, any sub-
participants outside of Belgium, or any other central securities depository as Participants to the Securities 
Settlement System.  
Belgian income tax and capital gains  
Belgian resident individuals 
For natural persons who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. who are subject to the Belgian personal 
income tax (personenbelasting/impot des personnes physiques) and who hold the Notes as a private investment, 
payment of the 30 per cent. Belgian withholding tax fully discharges them from their personal income tax 
liability with respect to these interest payments (bevrijdende roerende voorheffing/précompte mobilier 
libératoire). This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the Notes in their personal 
income tax return, provided that the withholding tax of 30 per cent. was effectively levied on these interest 
payments.  
Belgian resident individuals may nevertheless elect to declare the interest payment (as defined above in the 
Section “General Rule”) in their personal income tax return. Where the beneficiary opts to declare them, interest 
payments will normally be taxed at the interest withholding tax rate of 30 per cent. or at the progressive personal 
tax rate(s) taking into account the taxpayer’s other declared income, whichever is lower. No local surcharges 
will be due. If the interest payment is declared, the Belgian withholding tax retained is credited in accordance 
with the applicable legal provisions and any excess amount is in principle refundable.  
Capital gains realised on the transfer of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains are realised 
outside the scope of the normal management of one’s private estate or are speculative in nature (in which case 
the capital gain will be taxed at 33 per cent. plus local municipality surcharge) or unless the capital gains qualify 
as interest (as defined above in the section “General Rule”). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible.  
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment. 
Belgian resident corporations 
Corporate Noteholders who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. who are subject to the Belgian corporate 
income tax (impôt des sociétés/vennootschapsbelasting) are subject to the following tax treatment in Belgium 
with respect to the Notes.  
Interest on the Notes received by a Noteholder subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e. a company having 
its main establishment or seat of management or administration in Belgium) is subject to ordinary corporation 
tax at the current rate of 25 per cent. Subject to certain conditions, a reduced corporate income tax rate of 20

--- Page 149 ---
Belgian taxation on the Notes 
 
149 
per cent. applies for small sized enterprises (as defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code) on the first EUR 100,000 of taxable profits. 
Any capital gains realised on the Notes will be subject to the same corporate tax rate. Any capital losses realised 
on the Notes are in principle tax deductible.  
Any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is in principle creditable against any corporate income tax 
due and any excess amount will in principle be refundable, all in accordance with the applicable legal 
provisions.  
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis BITC 1992.  
Belgian resident legal entities 
Belgian resident entities subject to the legal entities tax (impôt des personnes morales/rechtspersonenbelasting) 
(i.e. an entity other than a company subject to corporate income tax having its main establishment or seat of 
management or administration in Belgium) receiving interest payments on the Notes will not be subject to any 
further taxation on interest in respect of the Notes over and above the withholding tax of 30 per cent.. Some 
Belgian legal entities which qualify as Eligible Investors and which consequently have received gross interest 
income, are required to declare and pay the 30 per cent. withholding tax to the Belgian tax authorities themselves 
(which withholding tax then generally also constitutes the final taxation in the hands of the relevant investors).  
Any capital gains (over and above the pro rata interest, as defined above in the Section “General Rule” included 
in a capital gain on the Notes) realised on the Notes will be exempt from the legal entities tax. Capital losses 
incurred are in principle not tax deductible. 
Organisation for Financing Pensions  
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions as defined pursuant to Law of 27 
October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision, are in 
principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses realised are in principle not tax deductible. 
Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied can be credited against any 
corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle refundable.  
Non-residents of Belgium 
Noteholders who are not residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and are not holding the Notes through 
a Belgian establishment and do not invest the Notes in the course of their Belgian professional activity will not 
incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains or other like taxes by reason only of the 
acquisition, ownership or disposal of the Notes, provided that they qualify as Eligible Investors and rightfully 
hold their Notes in an X-Account. 
If the Notes are not entered into an X-Account by the Eligible Investor, withholding tax on the interest is in 
principle applicable at the current rate of 30 per cent., possibly reduced pursuant to a tax treaty, on the gross 
amount of the interest. 
Pursuant to the law of 16 December 2015 implementing into Belgian national law the provisions of the Directive 
2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in direct taxation (see the sections “Common Reporting Standard” 
and “Exchange of Information”), Belgian financial institutions are required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, 
account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and 
other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account.

--- Page 150 ---
Belgian taxation on the Notes 
 
150 
Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities with fiscal residence in another CRS 
jurisdiction.  
In addition to the aforementioned Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent., profits derived from the Notes may 
therefore be subject to a system of automatic exchange of information between the relevant tax authorities.  
Tax on stock exchange transactions  
The purchase and sale (and any other transaction for consideration) of existing Notes on the secondary market 
either entered into or carried out in Belgium through a professional intermediary will trigger a tax on stock 
exchange transactions (taxe sur les opérations de bourse/taks op de beursverrichtingen) of 0.12 per cent. with 
a maximum of EUR 1,300 per party and per transaction. The tax is due separately from each party to any such 
transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), both collected by the professional 
intermediary. No tax will be due on the issuance of the Notes in the primary market.  
Following the law of 25 December 2016 (loi-programme du 25 décembre 2016/programmawet van 25 
december 2016), the scope of application of the tax on stock exchange transactions has been extended as from 
1 January 2017 in the sense that as from that date, transactions that are entered into or carried out by an 
intermediary that is not established in Belgium are considered to be entered into or carried out in Belgium if 
the order to execute the transaction is directly or indirectly given by (i) either a natural person that has its 
habitual residence in Belgium or (ii) a legal entity for the account of its seat or establishment in Belgium (both 
referred to as “Belgian Investor”). In such a scenario, the tax on stock exchange transactions is due from the 
Belgian Investor (who will be responsible for the filing of a stock exchange tax return and for the timely 
payment of the amount of stock exchange tax due), unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on 
stock exchange transactions due has already been paid by the professional intermediary established outside 
Belgium. In such a case, the foreign professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such 
intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement (bordereau/borderel), at the latest on the business day 
after the day the transaction concerned was realised. The qualifying order statement must be numbered in series 
and a duplicate must be retained by the financial intermediary. The duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying 
day-to-day listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium 
could appoint a stock exchange tax responsible representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and 
formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then be 
liable towards the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions due and for complying with the 
reporting obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement (bordereau/borderel) in that respect. If 
such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative would have paid the tax on stock exchange transactions due, the 
Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions.  
However, the tax is not payable by exempt persons acting for their own account including investors who are 
not Belgian residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary in Belgium confirming 
their non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional investors as defined in Article 126.1, 2˚ of the Code 
of miscellaneous taxes and duties (Code des droits et taxes divers/Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen). 
As stated below, the EU Commission adopted on 14 February 2013 the Draft Directive on a FTT. The Draft 
Directive currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member States shall not 
maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council 
Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax 
on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. The Draft Directive is 
still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time. 
The Draft Directive is further described below (see the section entitled “The proposed EU Financial 
Transactions Tax”).

--- Page 151 ---
Belgian taxation on the Notes 
 
151 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
The law of 17 February 2021 (Belgian State Gazette of 25 February 2021) introduced an annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts (“TSA”) in articles 201/3 to 201/9/5 and 202 of the Code of various duties and taxes. The 
TSA is levied annually at the rate of 0.15 per cent. on the average value of accounts with securities in excess of 
EUR 1,000,000.  
The taxable objects of the tax are the “securities accounts”, i.e. accounts on which financial instruments (as 
broadly defined by reference to regulatory provisions) may be credited or from which financial instruments can 
be debited, and: 
(i) in the case of residents of Belgium and Belgian establishments of non-residents, as defined for income tax 
purposes, accounts with a Belgian or foreign intermediary; and 
(ii) in the case of non-residents of Belgium, as defined for income tax purposes, accounts with a Belgian 
intermediary (provided the double tax treaty concluded with their country of residence allows such wealth 
taxation). 
Each securities account is considered as a separate taxable object. 
An “intermediary”, defined by reference to regulatory provisions, includes the National Bank of Belgium, the 
European Central Bank and foreign central banks exercising similar functions, a central securities depository, 
a credit institution, a brokerage company or an investment firm, which under national law, is authorised to hold 
financial instruments on behalf of clients. 
The tax applies to securities accounts as such and therefore in principle concerns all securities accounts, 
whoever the accountholder is (whether it is a natural person, company, legal entity, “legal arrangement”1 or de 
facto association), whatever its tax residency status (whether it is resident or non-resident) and regardless of its 
legal rights in relation to the account (whether full ownership, bare ownership or usufruct). 
The nature of the financial instruments held in the securities account is irrelevant - the only relevant factor is 
the total value of the securities accounts. 
Belgian intermediaries under the meaning of article 201/3, 7° of the Code of various duties and taxes are liable 
for the withholding, the filing of the tax return and the payment of the tax. In the absence of a Belgian 
intermediary, the account holder will be liable for the filing of the tax return and payment of the tax. 
Belgian law provides for exemptions in order to prevent repeated double taxation, notably in respect of chains 
of depositories. 
Prospective investors are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the tax on 
securities accounts. 
The proposed EU Financial Transaction Tax 
 
On 14 February 2013, the EU Commission adopted a proposal for a directive on a common financial transaction 
tax (the “Financial Transaction Tax” or “FTT”). The intention is for the Financial Transaction Tax to be 
implemented via an enhanced cooperation procedure in 11 participating EU Member States (Austria, Belgium, 
Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain, Slovakia and Slovenia). In December 2015, Estonia 
withdrew from the group of states willing to introduce the FTT (the “participating Member States”). 
                                                          
1 Legal arrangement in the meaning of article 2, §1, 13° of the BITC 1992.

--- Page 152 ---
Belgian taxation on the Notes 
 
152 
The proposed Financial Transaction Tax has a very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, 
apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The 
issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. The Financial Transaction Tax shall not apply 
to (inter alia) primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006, 
including the activity of underwriting and subsequent allocation of financial instruments in the framework of 
their issue. 
Under the Commission proposal, the Financial Transaction Tax could apply in certain circumstances to persons 
both within and outside the participating Member States. Generally, pursuant to the proposed directive, the 
Financial Transaction Tax will be payable on financial transactions provided that at least one party to the 
financial transaction is established or deemed established in a participating Member State and there is a financial 
institution established or deemed established in a participating Member State which is a party to the financial 
transaction (acting either for its own account or for the account of another person), or is acting in the name of 
a party to the transaction.  
The rates of the Financial Transaction Tax shall be fixed by each participating Member State but for transactions 
involving financial instruments other than derivatives shall amount to at least 0.1% of the taxable amount. The 
taxable amount for such transactions shall in general be determined by reference to the consideration paid or 
owed in return for the transfer, from a counterparty or a third party. The Financial Transaction Tax shall be 
payable by each financial institution established or deemed established in a participating Member State if it is 
either a party to the financial transaction (acting either for its own account or for the account of another person), 
or acting in the name of a party to the transaction or if the transaction has been carried out on its account. Where 
the Financial Transaction Tax due has not been paid within the applicable time limits, each party to a financial 
transaction, including persons other than financial institutions, shall become jointly and severally liable for the 
payment of the Financial Transaction Tax due. 
Investors should therefore note, in particular, that any sale, purchase or exchange of Notes may be subject to 
the Financial Transaction Tax at a minimum rate of 0.1% provided the abovementioned prerequisites are met. 
The investor may be liable to pay this charge or reimburse a financial institution for the charge, and/or the 
charge may affect the value of the Notes. 
Joint statements issued by the participating Member States indicate an intention to implement the Financial 
Transaction Tax progressively, such that it would initially apply to shares and certain derivatives. The Financial 
Transaction Tax, as initially implemented on this basis, may therefore not apply to dealings in the Notes. 
However, the Financial Transaction Tax proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating 
Member States and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to 
participate. The proposed Financial Transaction Tax may still be abandoned or repealed. 
Participating Member States indicated on 7 May 2019 that they are discussing about an option of an FTT based 
on the French model of the tax and about the possible mutualisation of the revenues among the participating 
Member States as a contribution to the EU budget. In the light of the foregoing, further work of the Council 
and its preparatory bodies will be required, before a final agreement on this dossier can be reached. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisors in relation to the consequences of the FTT associated with 
subscribing for, purchasing, holding and disposal of the Notes. 
U.S. withholding tax under FATCA 
 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a

--- Page 153 ---
Belgian taxation on the Notes 
 
153 
foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Belgium) have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies to their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respects to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register. Holders of the Notes should consult their own tax advisors regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding.  
Belgium has implemented FATCA in its domestic legislation by a law of 16 December 2015 (“Loi réglant la 
communication des renseignements relatifs aux comptes financiers, par les institutions financières belges et le 
SPF Finances, dans le cadre d'un échange automatique de renseignements au niveau international et à des fins 
fiscales/Wet tot regeling van de mededeling van inlichtingen betreffende financiële rekeningen, door de 
Belgische financiële instellingen en de FOD Financiën in het kader van een automatische uitwisseling van 
inlichtingen op internationaal niveau en voor belastingdoeleinden”). Under this law, Belgian financial 
institutions holding Notes for “US accountholders” and for “Non-US owned passive Non-Financial Foreign 
entities” are held to report financial information regarding the Notes (for example, income and gross proceeds) 
to the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate the information to the US tax authorities.

--- Page 154 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
154 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Pursuant to an amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated 5 September 2022 (as further amended and/or 
restated from time to time, the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Dealer and the Arranger and 
subject to the conditions contained therein, the Dealer has agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which it or any 
further Dealers subsequently appointed pursuant to the Dealer Agreement may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of 
such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued 
in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission in respect of Notes subscribed by them. The Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the update of the 
Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities relating to any misrepresentation or 
breach of any of the representations, warranties or agreements of the Issuer in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe for Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
The Arranger, any Dealers and any of their affiliates may have engaged or in the future may engage in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business, including making loans to the Issuer and its affiliates. Such loans 
may be repaid using the proceeds from issues of Notes. The Arranger, any Dealers and any of their affiliates 
may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and 
its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arranger, any Dealers 
and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. If the Arranger, any of the Dealers or their affiliates has a 
lending relationship with the Issuer, any such persons may routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Arranger, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Arranger, any Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
J.P. Morgan SE and certain of its affiliates are shareholders in Euroclear Holding SA / NV, have each appointed 
a director of Euroclear Holding SA / NV and are clients of the Issuer. The same may be true of any other Dealer 
under the Programme. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), or any U.S. state securities laws and, unless so registered, the Notes may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state 
securities laws. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 155 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
155 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered 
and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the UK FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the UK FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 156 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
156 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended. 
Prohibition of sales to investors holding securities in non-exempt accounts 
In respect of Notes which use SONIA, SOFR or €STR as a Reference Rate, the Dealer has represented and 
warranted, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and warrant 
that, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not on or prior to each Issue Date offer, sell or deliver Notes 
to any investor other than an investor holding their securities in an X-Account that has been opened with a 
financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the Securities Settlement System. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 157 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
157 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the UK FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the UK FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
UK FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the UK FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the UK FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised 
person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the UK FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Belgium 
Any offering of the Notes will be exclusively conducted under applicable private placement exemptions and 
the restrictions described in this section (Subscription and Sale) will apply.  
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the Notes will have been or will be 
notified to, and neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the Notes will have been 
or will be approved or reviewed by, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the “Autoriteit voor 
Financiële Diensten en Markten”/ “Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers”, “Belgian FSMA”). The 
Belgian FSMA has not commented as to the accuracy or adequacy of any such material or recommended the 
purchase of the Notes nor will the Belgian FSMA so comment or recommend. Any representation to the contrary 
is unlawful.

--- Page 158 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
158 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) as long as such offering is made to professional clients within 
the meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or 
equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering 
of the Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, the Dealer 
and Euroclear Bank has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used 
herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
The Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, 
any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 159 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
159 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of Euroclear Bank and the Dealer(s). Any such 
modification will be set out in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or 
in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealer has severally but not jointly agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 160 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
160 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Solely for the purposes of the product approval process of 
[the/each] Manufacturer (i.e., each person deemed a manufacturer for purposes of the EU Delegated 
Directive 2017/593, hereinafter referred to as a “Manufacturer”), the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes as of the date hereof has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients [and retail clients] each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; [and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate – investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services – subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable.] [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (an “EU Distributor”) should take into consideration [the/each] 
Manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment. An EU distributor subject to MiFID II is, however, 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining [the/each] Manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Solely for the purposes of the product approval process of 
[the/each] UK Manufacturer (i.e., each person deemed a manufacturer for purposes of the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook, herein after referred to as a “UK 
Manufacturer”), the target market assessment in respect of the Notes as of the date hereof has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR") [and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]; (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; [and (iii) 
the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services – subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.] [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK Distributor") 
should take into consideration the UK Manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment. A UK distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is, however, responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining [the/each] UK Manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)] [MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently, no key information document required by the 
EU PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail

--- Page 161 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
161 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the UK FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the UK FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA . Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / 
[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).]1 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to 
“consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law 
(Code de droit économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended. 
Final Terms dated [] 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
[[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 5 September 2022 [and the Base Prospectus Supplement[s] dated []] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
                                                          
1 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 162 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
162 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in 
order to obtain all the relevant information]2.  
The Base Prospectus dated 5 September 2022 [and the Base Prospectus Supplement[s] dated []] [has] have] 
been published on the website of [the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin at  
https://live.euronext.com/ ].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated [25 June 2018]/[13 September 2019]/[29 June 2021] [and the Base Prospectus 
Supplement[s] dated []]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 5 September 2022 [and the Base Prospectus Supplement[s] dated []] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all 
the relevant information, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions which are extracted from the Base 
Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated []].  
The Base Prospectus dated 5 September 2022 [and the Base Prospectus Supplement[s] dated []] [has] [have] 
been published on the website of [the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/ ]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the office of the Fiscal Agent [and the office of the 
Issuer].] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
1 
 
(I) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
 
[(II) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ]] 
(delete if not applicable) 
 
(III) 
Date on which Notes will be 
consolidated and form a 
single Series 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [insert description of Series] (ISIN: [   ]) on [[   ]] / [the 
Issue Date]/[with effect from the date that is 40 days 
following the Issue Date]] 
2 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
3 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[   ] 
 
[(I)] 
Series: 
[   ] 
 
[(II) 
Tranche: 
[   ]] 
(delete if not applicable) 
4 
 
Issue Price: 
[   ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [   ] (insert if Notes are fungible with a previous 
issue)] 
                                                          
2 When drafting Final Terms in relation to an issue of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, Prospectus Regulation references should be 
removed.

--- Page 163 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
163 
5 
 
(I) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[   ] [and integral multiples of [   ] in excess thereof up to and 
including []].  
(Note: No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or nearly equivalent 
amount in other currencies.)) 
 
(II) 
Calculation Amount: 
[   ] 
6 
 
(I) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
 
(II) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[   ] / [Issue Date] / [Not Applicable]  
7 
 
Maturity Date3: 
[Fixed maturity date: [   ] / [Interest Payment Date falling on 
or nearest to [   ] (specify in this format for Floating Rate)]] / 
[No fixed maturity date: perpetual] 
8 
 
Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable. The Notes do not bear any interest] 
 
 
[[   ]% Fixed Rate (Further particulars specified in Paragraph 
14 of Part A of the Final Terms below)] 
 
 
[[SOFR/SONIA/€STR/EURIBOR] [+/- [Margin]] Floating 
Rate, Further particulars specified below] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Resettable Note (Further particulars specified in Paragraph 
15 of Part A of the Final Terms below)] 
 
 
(include all which are relevant) 
9 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Par Redemption] / [Specified Redemption Amount]. 
10 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable. Notes are [Fixed to Floating Rate Notes / 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes]] / [Not Applicable] 
11 
 
Put/Call Options: 
 
 
(I) 
Call Option: 
 
(Condition 3(c)) 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 18 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable].  
 
(II) 
Put Option: 
 
(Condition 3(d)) 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 19 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable].  
12 
 
(I) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred] / [Senior Non-Preferred] Notes 
 
(II) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Redemption of Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
upon the occurrence of a 
MREL Disqualification 
Event 
(Condition 3(f)) 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 22 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable] 
                                                          
3 For Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Maturity Date must be no less than one year from the date of issue of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 164 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
164 
 
 
Substitution 
and 
Variation  
(Condition 6(c))  
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(III) 
Senior Preferred Notes: 
 
 
 
Senior Preferred Notes 
Restricted Gross Up 
(Condition 5) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
Waiver of Set-Off 
(Condition 6(b)(B)) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) 
Date of any additional 
[Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[   ] [and [   ], respectively]] / [Not Applicable] 
(specify if Notes require separate / new authorisation. 
Otherwise specify “Not Applicable”) 
13 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] 
 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
14 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Applicable for the Interest Periods specified 
below] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Interest Periods to which 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
are applicable: 
[All] / [Notes are Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, and Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions shall apply for the following Interest 
Periods: From and including [the Interest Commencement 
Date] to but excluding [   ][, from and including [   ] to but 
excluding [   ]…. and from and including [   ] to but excluding 
[   ]] / [Notes are Floating to Fixed Rate Notes, and Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions shall apply for the following Interest 
Periods: From and including [   ] to but excluding [   ][, from 
and including [   ] to but excluding [   ] and from and including 
[   ] to but excluding [   ]]. 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
(II) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[ 
 
 
]% 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] [for the period from [   
] to [   ]… and [   ]% per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] for the period from [   ] 
to [   ]] 
 
(III) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ]  up to and including 
[   ]] / [[date][, [date]…. and [date]]  
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] 
 
(IV) 
Interest Period Dates  
[Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ]  up to and including 
[   ]] / [[date][, [date]…. and [date]]

--- Page 165 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
165 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] / [Not subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention.] 
 
(V) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]  
 
(VI) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(VII) Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [   ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(VIII) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]/[Actual/ 
Actual (ICMA)]  
 
(IX) 
Determination Dates: 
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
15 
 
Resettable Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum payable in arrear on each Resettable Note 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(II)      Reset Rate of Interest:  
[Mid-Swap Rate][Benchmark Gilt Rate][CMT Rate] 
 
(III)    CMT Rate Screen Page: 
[    ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) 
Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ] up to and 
including [   ]] / [[date][, [date]…. and [date]]  
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention.] 
 
(V) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ]  up to and including 
[   ]] / [[date][, [date]…. and [date]]  
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] / [Not subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention.] 
 
(VI) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]  
 
(VII)   Benchmark Frequency: 
[    ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(VIII) First Margin: 
[+/-] [   ]% per annum 
 
(IX) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[+/-] [   ]% per annum 
 
(X) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(XI) 
Determination Dates 
[   ]  
 
(XII) First Resettable Note Reset 
Date: 
[   ]  
 
(XIII) Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date: 
[   ]  
 
(XIV) Subsequent Resettable Note 
Reset Date[s]: 
[[   ], [   ], [   ]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 166 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
166 
 
(XV) Reset Determination Date[s]: 
[[   ], [   ], [   ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XVI) Relevant Screen Page: 
[[   ], [   ], [   ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XVII) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]  [Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(XVIII)Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR] / [Compounded Daily SONIA] / [SOFR] / 
[Compounded Daily €STR] / [    ]  
 
(XIX)Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[    ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XX) CMT Designated Maturity: 
[    ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XXI) Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XXII) First Reset Period Fallback: 
[  ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XXIII) Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XXIV)Last Observable Mid-Swap 
Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XXV)Subsequent Reset Rate Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XXVI)Subsequent Reset Rate Last 
Observable Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
16 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable. The Notes are [Floating Rate Notes] / 
[Applicable for the Interest Periods specified below] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Interest Periods to which 
Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable: 
[All] / [Notes are Floating to Fixed Rate Notes, and Floating 
Rate Note Provisions shall apply for the following Interest 
Periods: From and including [the Interest Commencement 
Date] to but excluding [   ][, from and including [   ] to but 
excluding [   ]…. and from and including [   ] to but excluding 
[   ]] / [Notes are Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, and Floating 
Rate Note Provisions shall apply for the following Interest 
Periods: From and including [   ] to but excluding [   ][, from 
and including [   ] to but excluding [   ]…. and from and 
including [   ] to but excluding [   ]]. 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
(II) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ] up to and including 
[     ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention] / Not subject to any adjustment as the 
Business Day Convention in (IV) below is specified as Not 
Applicable 
 
(III) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[Not Applicable] / [ Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   
] up to and including [     ]]  
 
(IV) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 167 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
167 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
(V) 
Reference Banks: 
[   ] 
 
(VI) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] / [ISDA Determination]  
 
(VII) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent][name] 
 
(VIII) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable – Term Rate] / [Applicable – Overnight Rate] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average] / [Compounded Daily]  
 
– 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[   ] / [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR]  
 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[date][, [date]…. and [date]] / [[ ] Banking Day[s] prior to 
the end of each Interest Accrual Period] / [As specified in 
Condition 2(m)(I)] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
 
– 
Relevant Fallback 
Screen Page: 
[   ] 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[   ] 
 
– 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][  ]% per annum[ in respect of Interest 
Period from and including [the Interest Commencement 
Date] to but excluding [   ][, [[+/-][  ]% per annum from and 
including [   ] to but excluding [   ]…. and [[+/-][  ]% per 
annum from and including [   ] to but excluding [   ]] 
 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Lag] / [Lock-out] / [Observation Shift] 
 
– 
Lag Look-back Period: 
[    ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[    ] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify if determination is Compounded Daily – 
Observation Shift or Index Determination) 
 
– 
D: 
[365] / [360] / [   ] 
 
(IX) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[●]/EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions 
apply)/EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions 
apply)/EUR-EuroSTR/EUR-EuroSTR Compounded 
Index/GBP-SONIA/GBP-SONIA Compounded Index/USD-
SOFR/USD-SOFR Compounded Index]

--- Page 168 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
168 
(These are the only Floating Rate Options envisaged by the 
terms and conditions) 
 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[date][, [date]…. and [date] / [[First/last] day of the relevant 
Interest Period, [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (IV) above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions]]/ [As specified in the 
ISDA Definitions] (The latter is the preferred option, 
consider others in light of the then current ISDA Definitions) 
 
– 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][  ]% per annum[ in respect of Interest 
Period from and including [the Interest Commencement 
Date] to but excluding [   ][, [[+/-][  ]% per annum from and 
including [   ] to but excluding [   ]…. and [[+/-][  ]% per 
annum from and including [   ] to but excluding [   ]] 
 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub para-graphs under this paragraph) 
 
– 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback  
Lookback: [   ] Applicable Business Days] 
(cannot be less than 5)  
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift  
Observation Period Shift: [   ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
(cannot be less than 5)  
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [   ] / 
[Not Applicable]]  
 
[Compounding with Lockout  
Lockout: [   ] Lockout Period Business Days  
(cannot be less than 5)  
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [   ] / [Applicable Business 
Days]]  
 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub para-graphs under this paragraph) 
 
– 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [   ] Applicable Business Days] 
(cannot be less than 5)  
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift

--- Page 169 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
169 
Observation Period Shift: [   ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
(cannot be less than 5)  
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [   ] / 
[Not Applicable]]  
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [   ] Lockout Period Business Days  
(cannot be less than 5)  
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [   ] / [Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
(X)  
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/ short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(XI) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ]% / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XII) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ]% / [Not Applicable] 
 
(XIII) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][B
ond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/ Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(XIV) Determination Date 
[   ] 
17 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[__]% per annum 
 
(II) 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][B
ond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/ Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(III)    Determination Date 
[   ] 
 
 
Provisions Relating to Redemption 
 
18 
 
Call Option (Condition 3(c)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[   ] [Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention.]  
 
(II) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]  
 
(III) 
Redemption Amount (Call) 
of each Note: 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount]

--- Page 170 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
170 
 
(IV) 
Specified Fixed Percentage 
Rate: 
[[   ]%] / [   ]% in respect of the Optional Redemption Date 
falling on [   ], [   ]% in respect of the Optional Redemption 
Date falling on [   ] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(V) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Nominal 
Redemption Amount: 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Maximum Nominal 
Redemption Amount: 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(VI) 
Notice period: 
[   ] 
19 
 
Put Option (Condition 3(d)) 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[   ] [Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention.]  
 
(II) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]  
 
(III) 
Redemption Amount (Put) of 
each Note:  
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] 
 
(IV) 
Specified Fixed Percentage 
Rate: 
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(V) 
Notice period: 
[   ] 
 
(VI) 
Address for Notices: 
Attn: Banking Department  
Euroclear Bank SA/NV  
Boulevard Albert, 1  
1210 Saint-Joss-Ten-Noode  
Brussels  
Belgium  
 
(VII) If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Nominal 
Redemption Amount: 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Maximum Nominal 
Redemption Amount: 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
20 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] 
 
(I) 
Specified Fixed Percentage 
Rate: 
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%)

--- Page 171 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
171 
21 
  
Zero Coupon Note Redemption 
Amount of each Zero Coupon 
Note 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] 
 
(I) 
Specified Fixed Percentage 
Rate: 
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
22 
 
Early Redemption 
 
 
(I) 
Tax Event Redemption 
Amount (Condition 3(e)) 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(a) 
Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate: 
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(b) Amortisation Yield: 
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.) 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][B
ond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/ Actual (ICMA)]  
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.) 
 
(II) 
Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Tax Event 
(Condition 3(e)) 
Redemption [on any Interest Payment Date] / [on any 
Resettable Note Interest Payment Date] / [at any time] after 
the occurrence of a Tax Event which is continuing   
 
(III) 
MREL Disqualification 
Event Early Redemption 
Amount (Condition 3(f)): 
[Specified Redemption Amount, and the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate is [  ]%] / [Par Redemption] / [Amortised 
Face Amount] / [Not applicable] 
(Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(IV) 
Senior Preferred Notes – 
Restricted Events of Default 
(Condition 11): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(V) 
Event of Default Redemption 
Amount (Condition 11) 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] 
(Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(a) 
Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate: 
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%) 
 
(b) Amortisation Yield: 
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.)

--- Page 172 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
172 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][B
ond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/ Actual (ICMA)]  
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.) 
23 
 
Substitution (Condition 7) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes 
24 
 
Business Day Jurisdictions for 
payments  
[   ] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 ......................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 173 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
173 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of 
[Euronext Dublin]] / [Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that the original notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
(ii) Earliest day of admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading with effect from [  ].] / [On or 
around [  ].] / [Not Applicable.] 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[   ] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been specifically rated: 
 
 
[S & P: [   ]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [   ]] 
 
 
[Other: [   ]] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued have not been specifically 
rated, but Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally have been rated: 
 
 
[S & P: [   ]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [   ]] 
 
 
[Other: [   ]] 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable:4 
 
 
Option 1 – CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended, the “EU CRA Regulation”).]  
 
 
Option 2 – CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] is established in the EU and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended, the “EU CRA Regulation”), although 
                                                          
4 
A list of Credit Rating Agencies registered under the EU CRA Regulation is published on the ESMA website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/), 
and a list of Credit Rating Agencies registered under the UK CRA Regulation is published on the FCA website (https://www.fca.org.uk/).

--- Page 174 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
174 
notification of the registration decision has not yet 
been provided.] 
 
 
Option 3 – CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] is established in the EU and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended, the “EU 
CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
Details of whether or not rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
(to be included with Option 1, Option 2 or Option 
3 above) [The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given 
to the Notes [is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered]/[has been certified]/[has not been 
certified] under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”)[.]/[and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation].] 
 
 
Option 4 – CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”). [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes [is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered]/[has 
been 
certified]/[has 
not 
been 
certified] under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended, the “EU CRA Regulation”)[.][and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]]

--- Page 175 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
175 
 
 
Option 5 – CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK and details of whether or not rating is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the EU and/or the UK or certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation and/or the UK CRA 
Regulation [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EU or the UK [but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], [which is established in the 
EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended, 
the 
“EU 
CRA 
Regulation”)[.][and] [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], [which is established in UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”)].]/[but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”)[.][and][Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”.]/[and is not certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”) or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]. 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[   ] / [So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer.] / [The Dealer[s] and [their]/[its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[   ] 
See [“Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus 
dated 5 September 2022. 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ]

--- Page 176 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
176 
5 
Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD 
[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraph under 
this paragraph) 
Indication of yield: 
[   ] 
6 
Floating Rate Notes only – Historic Interest 
Rates 
[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraph under 
this paragraph) 
 Details of historic [EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR][€STR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters page] 
7 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the CSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
CSDs acting as common safekeeper)] [include this 
text for registered notes] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the CSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the CSDs acting as common safekeeper) 
[include this text for registered notes].  Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
Eligible Investors: 
[The Notes offered by the Issuer may only be 
subscribed, purchased or held by investors in an 
exempt securities account (“X-Account”) that has 
been opened with a financial institution that is a 
direct or indirect participant in the Securities 
Settlement System]5 / [The Notes offered by the 
Issuer may be subscribed, purchased or held by 
investors in an exempt securities account (“X-
Account”) or a non-exempt securities account (“N-
                                                          
5 Where Final Terms relate to an issuance where SONIA, SOFR or €STR is selected as the Reference Rate, this option must always apply.

--- Page 177 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
177 
Account”) that has been opened with a financial 
institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the 
Securities Settlement System] 
 
ISIN Code: 
[   ] 
 
[Temporary ISIN Code:] 
[   ] 
 
Common Code: 
[   ] 
 
[Temporary Common Code:] 
[   ] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[   ] 
 
Name and address of Calculation Agent (if 
any): 
[   ] 
 
[Name and address of the operator of the 
Alternative Clearing System:] 
[   ] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not Applicable]/[[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]]. [As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/[As 
far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation]/[Not Applicable] / [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]/ [As at the date hereof, 
[[specify 
benchmark][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
UK Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of the UK Benchmark 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of UK Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that [name of administrator] is 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
UK, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
 
8 
 DISTRIBUTION

--- Page 178 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
178 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names and addresses of Dealers 
and underwriting commitments: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
(B) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[] 
 
(C) Stabilisation Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes 
are offered): 
[Reg. S Compliance [Category 2]; TEFRA not 
applicable 
 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 179 ---
General information 
 
179 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Approval 
1. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CBI, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes 
2. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II. 
3. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or any 
other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisation 
4. 
Euroclear Bank has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Belgium in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. The update of the Programme by Euroclear 
Bank was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Euroclear Bank passed on 20 July 
2022. 
5. 
Euroclear Bank is an Authorised European Institution and is included on the Credit Institution Register 
of the EBA. 
Significant/Material Change 
6. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Euroclear Bank since 31 December 2021. 
In addition, there are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on the prospects of Euroclear Bank for the current financial 
year. 
7. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of Euroclear Bank since 31 December 
2021. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
8. 
Neither Euroclear Bank nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
Euroclear Bank is aware) during the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which 
may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of 
Euroclear Bank or any of its subsidiaries. 
Clearing of the Notes 
9. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Securities Settlement System operated by the 
National Bank of Belgium. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN) (and any other relevant identification number for any Alternative Clearing System) for each 
Series of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. Access to the Securities Settlement System 
is available through those of the participants in the Securities Settlement System whose membership 
extends to securities such as the Notes. Participants in the Securities Settlement System include certain

--- Page 180 ---
General information 
 
180 
 
banks, stockbrokers, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Porto, Euronext Securities 
Milan, Euroclear France and LuxCSD. 
10. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the address of the National Bank of Belgium (i.e. the operator of 
the Securities Settlement System) is Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of the operator of any Alternative Clearing System will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
No material contracts 
11. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts entered into other than in the 
ordinary course of Euroclear Bank’s business, which could result in Euroclear Bank being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to Euroclear Bank’s ability to meet its obligations to 
Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
Issue Price 
12. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing of the applicable 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions.  
Listing Agent 
13. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for Euroclear Bank 
in connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the 
Programme to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Documents on display 
14. 
For so long as Notes are outstanding, copies of the following documents will be available in both 
electronic and physical format, during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public 
holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered office of Euroclear Bank and each Paying Agent: 
(i) 
the articles of association of Euroclear Bank; and 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements and each Final Terms. 
A copy of the articles of association of Euroclear Bank will also be available for inspection for the life 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
at 
https://www.euroclear.com/content/dam/euroclear/About/governancestructure/governance-
charter/Euroclear-Bank-Coordinated-Articles-of-Association-en.pdf. In addition, copies of this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms (i.e. the documents listed at (ii) 
above) relating to Notes listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at  https://live.euronext.com/. Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on 
any other regulated market in the EEA, will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations 
of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with Article 21 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Auditors 
15. 
The audit of Euroclear Bank’s financial statements was conducted by Deloitte Réviseurs d’Enterprises 
BV / SRL, represented by Yves Dehogne (members of IBR – IRE Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/lnstitut 
des Réviseurs d’Entreprises) for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
They have rendered unqualified audit reports on the financial statements of Euroclear Bank for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020.

--- Page 181 ---
General information 
 
181 
 
LEI number 
16. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Euroclear Bank is 549300OZ46BRLZ8Y6F65. 
Language  
17. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 182 ---
General information 
 
182 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer 
in respect of English law 
in respect of Belgian law 
Slaughter and May 
One Bunhill Row 
London EC1Y 8YY  
United Kingdom 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
 Rue de la Science 23 
 1040 Brussels  
 Belgium 
 
 
To the Arranger and the Dealer 
in respect of English law 
in respect of Belgian law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Linklaters LLP 
Rue Brederodestraat 13 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium  
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF EUROCLEAR BANK SA/NV 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
ARRANGER 
DEALER 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
FISCAL & CALCULATION AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
6th Floor, Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square,  
Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
 
PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
LISTING AGENT  
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
AUDITORS 
 
Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren – Réviseurs d’Entreprises 
Gateway Building 
Luchtavan Nationbaal 1J 
1930 Zaventem – Belgium