--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
14 April 2023 
This document constitutes the base prospectus of Eurogrid GmbH for the purposes of Article 8 (1) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation") with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
currency as at the relevant date of issuance) and a minimum maturity of one year (the "Prospectus"). 
 
Eurogrid GmbH 
(Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
50Hertz Transmission GmbH  
(Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany) 
and 
50Hertz Offshore GmbH 
(Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Guarantors 
€ 15,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(the "Programme") 
 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the "CSSF"), as the competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg act relating 
to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour 
valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg Law"). The 
CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality and solvency of the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantors or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus pursuant 
to Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Law. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to list notes issued under the Programme (the "Notes") on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trade Notes on the regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"). Notes 
issued under the Programme may also be listed on an alternative stock exchange or may not be listed at all.  
Arrangers and Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
COMMERZBANK 
ING 
MIZUHO 
NATWEST MARKETS 
RABOBANK  
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
UNICREDIT

--- Page 2 ---
This Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) as well as on the website of Eurogrid GmbH (https://www.eurogrid.com/de-de/Investor-
Relations/Debt-Issuance-Programme). 
The validity of the Prospectus will expire on 14 April 2024. Any obligation to supplement a 
prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does 
not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this document does not form 
part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated herein by reference and, in relation to any series of Notes, together with the 
relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). Full information on any tranche of Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms. 
Eurogrid GmbH ("Eurogrid" or the "Issuer" or the "Company", together with all consolidated subsidiaries, 
the "Group") with its registered office in Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany, and 50Hertz Transmission 
GmbH and 50Hertz Offshore GmbH (each a "Guarantor" and together, the "Guarantors"), each with its 
registered office in Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany and in respect of information on itself only, accept 
responsibility for the information given in this Prospectus. The Issuer and each Guarantor with regard to 
information for which it is responsible has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Prospectus 
contains all information with regard to the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Notes which is material in the 
context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes thereunder; that the information contained 
herein with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Notes is accurate and complete in all material 
respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and 
based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantors or 
the Notes, the omission of which would make this Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the 
expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading; that the Issuer and the Guarantors have made all 
reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material for the purposes aforesaid. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus in respect 
of Notes issued on the basis of this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes 
and which arises or is noted between the time when this Prospectus has been approved and the closing of 
any tranche of Notes offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any tranche of Notes on a 
regulated market begins in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Prospectus. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with this 
Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by 
the Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither any Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the 
Issuer and the Guarantors, is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement 
hereto, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the 
extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for 
the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents.  
The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement thereto and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and 
delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of the restrictions applicable in the United States of America, the United 
Kingdom and Japan; see "Selling Restrictions". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and include 
Notes in bearer form that are subject to tax law requirements of the United States of America; subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to 
United States persons. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID 
II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended 
(the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling of the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and 
the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; 
(v) 
be aware that it may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other 
jurisdictions; 
(vi) 
ask for its own tax adviser’s advice on its individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale 
and redemption of the Notes; and 
(vii) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus, any supplement thereto and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
In connection with the issue of any tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
Stabilisation Manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a higher level than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
Issue Date of the relevant tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Any U.S. Person who holds an obligation under this Programme that is treated as in bearer form for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes will be subject to limitations under the U.S. income tax laws, 
including the limitations provided in Clauses 165(j) and 1287(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended.  
In this Prospectus, all references to "€", "EUR" or "Euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of the European economic and monetary union, and defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation 
(EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro, as amended.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a tranche of Notes is rated, such rating and the 
respective rating agency will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
To the extent not otherwise indicated, the information contained in this Prospectus on the market 
environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and competition in the markets in which the 
Issuer or the Guarantors operate is taken from publicly available sources, including, but not limited to, third-
party studies or the Issuer’s or the Guarantors’ estimates that are also primarily based on data or figures 
from publicly available sources. The information from third-party sources that is cited here has been 
reproduced accurately. As far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by 
such third-party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information published 
inaccurate or misleading. 
This Prospectus also contains estimates of market data and information derived from these estimates that 
would not be available from publications issued by market research firms or from any other independent 
sources. This information is based on the Issuer’s or the Guarantors’ internal estimates and, as such, may 
differ from the estimates made by their competitors or from data collected in the future by market research 
firms or other independent sources. To the extent the Issuer derived or summarized the market information 
contained in this Prospectus from a number of different studies, an individual study is not cited unless the 
respective information can be taken from it directly. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors have independently verified the market data and other information on 
which third parties have based their studies or the external sources on which the Issuer’s own estimates are 
based. Therefore, neither the Issuer nor any of the Guarantors assumes any responsibility for the accuracy 
of the information on the market environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and 
competitive situation presented in this Prospectus from third-party studies or the accuracy of the information 
on which the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ own estimates are based. Any statements regarding the market 
environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and competitive situation presented in this 
Prospectus regarding the Issuer, the Guarantors and their operating divisions contained in this Prospectus 
are based on their own estimates and/or analysis unless other sources are specified. 
Any websites referred to in this Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the 
Prospectus (except with respect to the documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus). 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement 
that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results 
and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are 
identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", 
"intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and 
assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus containing information on future 
earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding Eurogrid's and the Guarantors' business and 
management, their growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other 
factors that affect them. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuer and the Guarantors make to the best of their present knowledge. These forward-looking statements 
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including the Issuer's 
and the Guarantors' financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than 
results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. 
The Issuer's and the Guarantors' business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could 
cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Prospectus: "Risk Factors", 
"Business Description of the Issuer" and "Business Description of the Guarantors". These sections include 
more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Issuer's and the Guarantors' business 
and the markets in which they operate.  
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not 
occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as 
required by law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to 
actual events or developments. 
GREEN BONDS, SUSTAINABLE BONDS OR SOCIAL BONDS 
Neither the Dealers nor the Issuer nor the Guarantors make any representation as to the suitability of any 
green bonds, sustainable bonds or social bonds, including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any 
dedicated "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), to fulfil any present or future investor expectations or requirements with 
respect to investment criteria or guidelines which any investor or its investments are required to comply with 
under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. The Dealers have not 
undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for ESG Projects (as 
defined in this Prospectus), any verification of whether the ESG Projects meet such criteria or the monitoring 
of the use of (net) proceeds of any such Notes. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework (as defined in this Prospectus), and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the use of the (net) proceeds of any such Notes for further information. None of the Dealers makes any 
representation as to the suitability or contents of the Green Bond Framework.  
EUROGRID GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK AND SECOND PARTY OPINION  
Eurogrid has established a framework to support the issuance of sustainable financing instruments, 
including green bonds (the "Green Bond Framework"), in order to fund green projects of the Guarantors.  
The Green Bond Framework has been further developed based on existing international standards such as 
the Green Bond Principles 2021 as published by the International Capital Market Association1. Eurogrid 
appointed imug rating GmbH (the "Imug Rating") to provide a second party opinion (the "Second Party 
Opinion") 
on 
the 
Green 
Bond 
Framework. 
Investors 
should 
refer 
to 
Eurogrid's 
website 
(https://www.eurogrid.com/en-us/Investor-Relations/Green-Financing) and to the Second Party Opinion, 
which is also available at Eurogrid's aforementioned website, for information regarding the Green Bond 
Framework. The second party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions and certifications are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any 
such other opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Guarantors, the Dealers, any sustainability advisor or any second party opinion provider such as Imug 
Rating or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. For more information regarding the assessment 
methodologies used to determine the Second Party Opinion, please refer to Imug Rating's website (which 
does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference into, this Prospectus). 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Bond Framework nor the Second Party Opinion are 
incorporated into or form part of this Prospectus. 
 
                                                        
1 
https://www.icmagroup.org/sustainable-finance/the-principles-guidelines-and-handbooks/green-bond-principles-gbp/

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ................................................................................................................................ 3 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS....................................................................................................... 6 
GREEN BONDS, SUSTAINABLE BONDS OR SOCIAL BONDS .............................................................. 7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 10 
RISKS IN RESPECT OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS .............................................................. 10 
RISK FACTORS IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES.......................................................................................... 22 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................... 28 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS – 50HERTZ TRANSMISSION GMBH ................. 36 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS – 50HERTZ OFFSHORE GMBH .......................... 54 
ISSUE PROCEDURES .............................................................................................................................. 58 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................... 60 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 94 
GUARANTEE AND NEGATIVE PLEDGE ("GUARANTEE") ............................................................... 104 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 110 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION .................................................................................................... 111 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................. 112 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 116 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................................. 119 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES.................................................................................................................... 122

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under this € 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue notes 
(the "Notes") to one or more of the Dealers (as defined herein). The maximum aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed € 15,000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies at the time of the issue). The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement from time to time.  
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in tranches of Notes (the "Tranches"), each Tranche consisting 
of Notes which are identical in all respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated 
and forming a single series and are identical in all respects, but which may have different issue dates, 
interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments may form a series of Notes 
(the "Series"). Further Notes may be issued as part of existing Series. The specific terms of each Tranche 
will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms of Notes listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). In the case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange, the Final Terms will be 
displayed on the website of the Issuer (https://www.eurogrid.com/de-de/Investor-Relations/Debt-Issuance-
Programme).  
The Notes are freely transferable. Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, 
or premium over, par, as stated in the applicable Final Terms. The yield for Fixed Rate Notes will be 
calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into 
account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Notes under the Programme may be issued with fixed interest rates or as Notes without periodic payments 
of interest (zero coupon).

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer and the Guarantors believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme and under the Guarantee. 
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantors believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. Many of the 
regulatory, environmental, legal and business operational risks to which 50Hertz Transmission GmbH 
("50Hertz") is subject may, due to the group structure and contractual obligations between 50Hertz and 
50Hertz Offshore GmbH ("50Hertz Offshore"), also have an impact on 50Hertz Offshore. Accordingly, 
references below to such risks relating to 50Hertz and its business also apply to 50Hertz Offshore and its 
business (as described in "Business Description of the Guarantors - 50Hertz Offshore GmbH"). 
The Issuer and the Guarantors believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuer or the Guarantors may be unable to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with Notes issued under the Programme for 
other reasons. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those currently unknown, or 
deemed immaterial, could have the effects set forth above. 
The risk factors in respect to (i) the Issuer and the Guarantors and (ii) the Notes are presented in categories 
depending on their nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
Risks in respect of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
Risks related to the Group structure 
The Issuer is a holding company with no material operations and relies on its subsidiaries to 
provide itself with funds necessary to meet its financial obligations 
The Issuer is a holding company with no material, direct operations. The Issuer’s principal asset is the 
equity interest it holds in 50Hertz. As a result, the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on and repay principal of the 
Notes and its other indebtedness is dependent upon the operations of its subsidiaries and the distributions, 
transfers, advances or other payments of funds the Issuer receives. The Issuer cannot provide any 
assurance that it will receive sufficient funds to make payments on the Notes when due. The Issuer’s 
subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and, except for the Guarantors pursuant to the 
Guarantee, they will have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due under the Notes or to 
make any funds available to pay those amounts, whether by dividends, distributions, advances, loans or 
other payments. Accordingly, all risk factors that have an impact on the Guarantors have an impact on the 
Issuer. 
Any decisions made or actions taken within companies in which 50Hertz has minority participations 
(and thus no control) may result in higher costs, lower revenues or a lower profit margin concerning 
such companies 
In the course of its business, 50Hertz engages in economic activities with other companies through 
collaborations or joint undertakings, which currently includes minority participations in Elia Grid International 
NV/SA ("EGI"), TSCNET Services GmbH ("TSCNET Services"), CORESO SA ("CORESO"), Joint 
Allocation Office SA ("JAO"), European Energy Exchange AG ("EEX") and decarbon1ze GmbH 
("decarbon1ze"). As 50Hertz does not hold a controlling interest in such minority participations, 50Hertz 
cannot ensure that all decisions taken within such companies are approved by 50Hertz or in its interests. In 
such cases, the decisions made or actions taken may result in higher costs, lower revenues or a lower profit 
margin concerning the minority participations.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Risks arising from regulatory, legislative and political matters  
Decisions made by the German federal regulatory agency under the current regulatory framework 
may have a significant impact on 50Hertz 
Almost the entire profit of 50Hertz as a German Transmission System Operator ("TSO") is generated from 
regulated activities via network user charges and surcharges, which are subject to regulation by the 
German national regulatory authority, the Federal Network Agency (Bundesnetzagentur – "BNetzA"). The 
two main sources of profit from regulated activities are the network user charges for access to and usage of 
the 50Hertz transmission system (based on an annual revenue cap) and the surcharge for the recovery of 
costs incurred by 50Hertz due to the obligation to connect offshore windfarms (so-called Offshore-
Netzumlage – "Offshore Grid Surcharge"). In addition, 50Hertz received substantial revenues from non-
profit business under the surcharge for the recovery of costs under the Renewable Energy Sources Act 
(Erneuerbare-Energien-Gesetz – "EEG") ("EEG Umlage" – "EEG Surcharge"). The EEG Surcharge that 
was formerly paid by consumers as a premium to the energy price has been replaced by direct federal 
governmental grants that are to cover all cost resulting from the EEG business. Apart from the 
aforementioned surcharges, several other surcharges exist which are, however, of minor relevance for the 
revenues of 50Hertz. In 2023 the TSO network user charges have been calculated taking into account a 
subsidy of €12.84 billion (50Hertz share approx. €1.1 billion). The subsidy pursuant to § 24b of the German 
Energy Industry Act (Energiewirtschaftsgesetz — "EnWG") was introduced as part of the price braking 
legislative package (Gesetz zur Einführung einer Strompreisbremse und zur Änderung weiterer 
energierechtlicher Bestimmungen) to stabilise the tariffs at the level of 2022 and is financed from the 
skimming profits pursuant to the Electricity Price Braking Act (StromPBG) which forms part of the legislative 
package. As a transitional measure, funds from the EEG account and additional federal funds can be used 
for interim financing. If this interim financing is also insufficient, the transmission system operators are 
entitled to adjust their network charges once during the year in the calendar year 2023. Furthermore, 
substantial revenues are to be expected from the non-profit handling of the financial coordination resulting 
from the Electricity Price Brake.  
The decisions made and the actions taken by BNetzA under the current regulatory framework may have a 
negative impact on 50Hertz. In particular, such decisions or actions could be based on inadequate 
assumptions, defective research or unreasonable efficiency goals and may fail to acknowledge costs which 
50Hertz cannot avoid incurring. BNetzA is under no statutory obligation to ensure the solvency of a TSO 
under all circumstances and there can be no assurance that revenue limits such as the annual revenue cap 
imposed by BNetzA will allow 50Hertz to generate sufficient revenues, which would allow the Issuer to meet 
its financial obligations (for more information on the tariff-setting mechanism in Germany, see section "The 
Group’s business – Tariff setting in Germany"). 
The determination of and potential changes to the initial level of 50Hertz’s revenue cap for a 
regulatory period may negatively impact 50Hertz if the initial level is too low or is reduced 
The initial level of the revenue cap is determined for a five-year regulatory period based upon a cost 
assessment for a "base" year. This cost base is subject to an efficiency benchmark resulting in an individual 
efficiency value (Effizienzwert – "Xind") for each TSO. The Xind cannot exceed 100%. If the Xind is set 
below 100%, the difference between 100% and Xind is considered inefficient. In this case, the TSO has to 
decrease its initial level of the revenue cap in five equal annual steps of 1/5 of the inefficient difference until 
the end of the regulatory period. Furthermore, the initial level of the revenue cap is subject to an annual 
adjustment by a general productivity factor ("Xgen") and the inflation rate as part of the regulation formula. 
The cost assessment for a "base" year concerns cost items, for example, for onshore assets. The 
regulatory framework (i.e. the Ordinance on Incentive Regulation Anreizregulierungsverordnung – "ARegV") 
basically classifies some costs as permanently non-influenceable costs, others as temporarily non-
influenceable costs and influenceable costs. Temporarily non-influenceable costs are determined during the 
cost assessment. Influenceable costs are derived from the individual efficiency factor and reduce the 
revenue cap. Both are subject to the adjustment by Xgen and the inflation rate. Permanently non-

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
influenceable costs (which, in the case of 50Hertz, currently represent approximately two thirds of the costs) 
are not subject to the adjustment by Xind, Xgen and the inflation rate and are adjusted on an annual basis.  
There is a risk that neither the base year costs nor the results of the costs assessment of the applied costs 
provide a sufficient basis for the cost coverage in the following regulatory period.  
The initial level of the revenue cap for the current third regulatory period is based on approved costs from 
the base year 2016. The third regulatory period came into effect in 2019 and will expire in 2023. The fourth 
regulatory period with the base year 2021 will start in 2024.  
On 21 January 2019, BNetzA decided on the initial level of 50Hertz’ revenue cap for the third regulatory 
period (cf. BK8-17/0450-11).  
BNetzA set the Xgen for the third regulatory period to 0.9 per cent in the energy sector (cf. BNetzA, 
determination of 28 November 2018, BK4-17-056). As a result, currently the Xgen reduces the initial level of 
the revenue cap as part of the regulation formula. 50Hertz has appealed against the decision applicable to 
the electricity sector before the Higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf, but is not actively pursuing the case, 
pending final decisions in other model proceedings. In one model proceeding, the Higher Regional Court of 
Düsseldorf revoked the corresponding BNetzA decision applicable to the gas sector. BNetzA successfully 
appealed against the court’s decision before the Federal High Court of Justice, which confirmed BNetzA’s 
Xgen determination in January 2021. Regarding the electricity sector, the Higher Regional Court of 
Düsseldorf revoked the corresponding BNetzA decision. BNetzA appealed against the court’s decision 
before the Federal High Court of Justice. The final decision in this proceeding is still pending. The outcome 
of the Xgen proceedings could potentially have a negative effect on 50Hertz’ liquidity and profitability. 
Currently, BNetzA considers 50Hertz as 100 per cent efficient in the third regulatory period. Thus, there are 
no deductions from the revenue cap that would incentivise increasing efficiency. In 2021, BNetzA started 
the efficiency benchmark procedure again in order to determine a new Xind. The procedure applies the 
same methods as in the efficiency benchmarking for the third regulatory period. There is a risk that 50Hertz 
will no longer be considered 100 per cent efficient. In that case, a Xind below 100 per cent could be set by 
BNetzA, which would reduce 50Hertz’s revenue cap and would have a negative impact on profitability. 
Likewise, Xgen is expected to be newly determined for the fourth and later regulatory periods. There is a 
risk that an Xgen above zero will be set by BNetzA, reducing 50Hertz’ revenue cap and thus having a 
negative impact on profitability. 
The current regulatory framework provides for the use of a "quality factor" which allows an annual 
adjustment to the revenue cap. With the amendment of the ARegV in 2021, an incentive mechanism for 
redispatch costs was introduced for the four German TSOs. The incentive mechanism starts as a pure 
bonus system for the 2022 – 2023 period, followed by a bonus/malus system in 2024. The bonus/malus is 
calculated on a yearly basis and will be included in the revenue cap in the quality element. There may be a 
negative impact on the profitability of 50Hertz starting from 2024 if redispatch costs in Germany increase. 
Changes to the recognition of permanently non-influenceable costs by BNetzA may negatively 
impact 50Hertz’ annual revenue cap  
A significant part of the annual revenue cap is based on the recognition of permanently non-influenceable 
costs associated with 50Hertz’ obligations. If such costs are not completely recognised, it may negatively 
impact the profitability of 50Hertz. The two main categories of permanently non-influenceable costs consist 
of costs associated with energy management (control power, onshore grid losses, reserves, redispatch, and 
curtailment of renewable energies) and costs related to investment measures. 
In the context of 50Hertz’ annual revenue caps, costs related to energy management may negatively 
impact 50Hertz if not recognized by BNetzA 
The main risks regarding the energy management business result from cost increases, in particular with 
respect to control power, reserves, curtailment of renewable energies, procurement of energy volumes to 
cover onshore grid losses and redispatch costs. Such cost increases may result from volume effects and/or

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
(except for curtailment of renewable energies) price increases (for further information on volume and price 
effects and financial risks arising therefrom, see "Risks arising from Markets and finances" below). 
In order to reduce the risks arising from these effects, BNetzA has accepted separate procedural 
regulations for the third regulatory period (so called "Freiwillige Selbstverpflichtung" acc. to Sec. 11 para. 2 
ARegV) for control power, grid losses and national redispatch. The third regulatory period will expire at the 
end of 2023. The renegotiation for the procedural regulations for the fourth regulatory period started in 
2022. Amendments to the procedural regulations may result in higher risks for 50Hertz if costs cannot be 
fully passed on via network charges. 
Regarding cross-border redispatch, another procedural regulation is in place, which has no expiration date. 
Discussions are ongoing with BNetzA as to whether the procedural regulation applicable to cross-border 
redispatch can be integrated in the procedural regulation for national redispatch in the fourth regulatory 
period. Amendments to the procedural regulations may result in higher risks for 50Hertz. 
Moreover, BNetzA approved a new definition of reasonable compensation for redispatch in 2018 ((cf. 
BNetzA, determination of 10 December 2018, BK8-18/0007-A), which was subject to legal challenges by 
several generation plant operators before the Higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf. However, BNetzA 
reached an out-of-court settlement with the generation operators regarding a higher level of compensation. 
The procedural regulation was amended accordingly in 2021 to allow for full reimbursement. 
Furthermore, even under the current regime, a risk remains that not all energy management costs will be 
fully recognised due to already included incentive elements. Currently, for onshore grid losses, actual 
volumes are recognised, but prices are limited to a reference price. For control power, the actual prices are 
fully recognised, whereas the costs resulting from volume differences are subject to a bonus/malus system.  
Apart from that, several further procedural regulations exist, inter alia one for costs arising from European 
activities and one for the costs and revenues from the Inter-Transmission System Operator Compensation 
("ITC") mechanism. These procedural regulations cover actual costs; nevertheless, liquidity risks may arise 
due to time lags between the incurrence of costs and the receipt of reimbursement.  
Recognition of onshore investment costs in the context of 50Hertz’s annual revenue cap, which may 
negatively impact 50Hertz if not recognized by BNetzA 
Until the end of the third regulatory period in 2023, German regulation provides for a specific remuneration 
regime for predefined onshore transmission network investments called investment measures ("IM"). If an 
expansion or restructuring measure is approved as an IM, the operational and capital costs incurred for 
such an IM are generally considered as permanently non-influenceable costs for the approved period 
without time delay (Sec. 23 ARegV). After the approved period, the costs resulting from the respective IM 
will become a part of the regulated asset base. Investment projects with an overall investment volume of € 
15.0 billion applied for by 50Hertz had been approved by BNetzA as of 31 December 2022, others are still 
in the approval phase. With regard to the projects in the approval phase, there is a risk that BNetzA does 
not acknowledge the need for the investment as such and, as a result, may decline to approve the IM (in 
whole or in part). With regard to already approved IM, there is a risk that BNetzA does not acknowledge all 
costs incurred due to the conditional ex-post review of investing activities by the regulatory authorities in 
terms of appropriateness, scope and amount. In particular, in cases where IM are not realized, the inclusion 
of the costs accrued in relation to such IM in the network user charges may not be acknowledged by 
BNetzA. 
As part of the ARegV revision in 2016, the methodology for the determination of the replacement share in 
IM was changed. For new IM, the replacement share must be calculated under consideration of the real 
current values of the assets to be replaced. This will probably increase the replacement share compared to 
the former methodology. While the extent of such increase is currently unknown, such an increase could 
negatively impact the profitability of the IM and 50Hertz. 
BNetzA has issued a self-binding determination with regard to the calculation of capital cost and cost of 
operation for approved IM. According to this determination, actual costs of debt are accepted as long as 
they conform to usual market conditions (marktüblich), which have to be proven by the network operator.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
The determination contains reference values to match the market conformity for the different options of 
financing. If the cost of debt exceeds the reference values and market conformity cannot be proven by the 
network operator, the cost of debt will not be completely accepted by the regulator for the IM. The allowed 
cost of debt related to the IM is capped at the lower value of the actual cost of debt or cost of debt as 
calculated in accordance with a published BNetzA determination. Due to these caps, 50Hertz may only 
partially recover its actual cost of debt, which may negatively impact 50Hertz’ financial results. In addition, 
the determination can be revoked or amended by BNetzA. If financings and investments are not aligned, a 
risk for the profit and hence liquidity might arise. 
The ARegV revision in 2021 introduced the capital cost adjustment (Kapitalkostenabgleich “KKA”) as the 
new remuneration regime for onshore transmission network investments. The new regime will replace the 
current IM regime as of 2024. Under the KKA regime, claimed costs will be subject to annual ex-post 
reviews of the actual costs by BNetzA. In the KKA system, for each year of the regulatory period the capital 
costs of the base year are reduced by depreciation and increased by the capital costs of new investments 
within that year. Depending on the parameters to be set and the provisions for a transitional solution, this 
may have a negative impact on 50Hertz’ profitability. In order to mitigate financial risks, transitional 
arrangements were enacted by the legislature. According to the legal transition arrangements, 50Hertz still 
has the option to settle ongoing investment measures within the IM regime. The declaration as to the future 
settlement for each ongoing project must be made by 30 June 2023. New investment measures could only 
be filed until March 2022. All projects filed after March 2022 will be settled under the KKA regime. The 
remaining investment measures will terminate by the end of 2028 at the latest. 
Recognition of offshore investment costs in the context of Offshore Grid Surcharge, which may 
negatively impact 50Hertz if not recognized by BNetzA 
With the introduction of the Offshore Grid Surcharge as of 2019, offshore assets were excluded from the 
cost base for the network user charges and transferred to the Offshore Grid Surcharge. Consequently, 
these significant costs are no longer subject to the IM regime or the base year principle. Instead, under the 
Offshore Grid Surcharge, planned costs for offshore grid connections are subject to annual ex-post reviews 
of the actual costs by BNetzA. Due to the introduction of the new regime, the specific implementation of the 
new regulation and the recognition of offshore costs by BNetzA is currently uncertain. If costs are not 
recognised (in whole or in part), this would have an impact on 50Hertz’ profitability and thus ultimately the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its debt service obligations. 
Insufficient return on the capital invested represents a financial risk with respect to both 
investments already made and future investments 
Return on equity is determined by an imputed equity and a specific rate of return on this equity. Every 
five years, BNetzA determines the rate of return and thereby the return on equity for the following regulatory 
period. The rate of return consists of a risk-free base rate calculated using historical values for the past ten 
years published by the Central Bank of the Federal Republic of Germany and a risk premium. BNetzA has 
used a Capital Asset Pricing Model to calculate the return on equity. The return on equity for the third 
regulatory period starting in 2019 was determined by BNetzA in October 2016 at 6.91 per cent for 
investments realized after 2006 (5.12 per cent for investments until 2006) ("Return on Equity I"). This 
meant a decrease of 24 per cent compared with the return on equity valid for the second regulatory period 
(9.05 per cent for investments made since 2006 and 7.14 per cent for investments made before 2006) that 
was mainly driven by the development of the base rate. In October 2021, BNetzA determined the return on 
equity for the fourth regulation period starting 2024. The Return on Equity I was determined at 5.07 per cent 
for investments realized after 2006 (3.51 per cent for investments until 2006). Thus, the Return on Equity I 
will decline by another 27% compared to the current level. Along with the other German TSOs, 50Hertz 
appealed against this decision by BNetzA. All of the aforementioned percentages are calculated before 
corporate tax and after imputed trade tax. The equity to which the Return on Equity I applies is limited to 40 
per cent of the value of the regulated asset base. If the value of the regulated asset base financed by equity 
exceeds 40 per cent, a rate of return fixed in the StromNEV is applicable ("Return on Equity II"). An 
insufficient return on equity may result if the rate of return is too low compared to the market level or if 
BNetzA does not recognize all balance sheet items in the calculation of the regulated asset base. Cost of

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
debt is accepted as long as it conforms to usual market conditions (marktüblich). For cost of debt not 
allocated to investment measures, the base year mechanism applies. Thus, costs incurred in between base 
years might not be fully covered and can subsequently have a negative impact on liquidity and profit. 
Future changes to the regulatory framework on the national and European levels may have a 
negative impact on 50Hertz 
In 2021, the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) ruled inter alia that German legislation 
regarding the competences of BNetzA is not compliant with higher ranking European Union law. The CJEU 
ruled that German law infringes the BNetzA’s exclusive powers by assigning the determination of 
methodologies for calculating or setting network tariffs to the Federal Government. The German legislation 
has yet to be amended as a result of the CJEU’s ruling. It is expected that BNetzA competences with regard 
to tariff setting and BNetzA’s independence and impartiality requirements will increase. The impact on 
50Hertz resulting from these upcoming changes in the German legislation cannot be assessed yet as the 
timing and amendments to the legal framework are not known yet. However, BNetzA has stated publicly 
that it intends to apply the existing legal framework, which complies with the jurisprudence of Germany’s 
Highest Court in this regard, for the time being. BNetzA takes the view that the legal basis for its decisions 
remains valid and enforceable until the CJEU’s decision is implemented by the legislator. 
Furthermore, the implementation of the Clean Energy Package is progressing at the national and European 
levels. In particular, the transposition of the amended European Directive concerning the rules for the 
internal electricity market (Directive (EU) 2019/944) into national law was completed in July 2021. The 
Clean Energy Package assigned stronger market and regulatory oversight competences to the Agency for 
the Cooperation of Energy Regulators ("ACER") and the role of the European Network of TSOs for 
Electricity ("ENTSO-E") was strengthened at the expenses of the national regulatory authorities such as 
BNetzA and the national TSOs. The scope of the already existing mandatory regional TSO cooperation was 
broadened and the Regional Cooperation Centres (“RCCs” like TSCNET and Coreso) were entrusted with 
further tasks. Finally, existing (legally binding) guidelines in the electricity sector were amended in February 
2021 to take into account these changes regarding tasks and responsibilities.  
Regulation (EU) 2019/943 sets out the areas in which further network codes can be developed. It is 
expected that new binding rules will be developed and existing network codes and guidelines will be further 
amended. These changes will considerably impact 50Hertz’ business. The drafting and implementing of 
these new rules and their respective methodologies require considerable financial and human resources. 
Thus, there are ongoing discussions with BNetzA on how these additional costs can be included in the 
national regulatory framework. As a result, this could lead to a mismatch in timing regarding the 
reimbursement of these costs via the network user charges, which could lead to a negative impact on 
50Hertz’ liquidity and profitability. 
In December 2019, the European Commission published a set of proposals known as the "European Green 
Deal", which includes measures for a sustainable development of Europe’s economy. The European Green 
Deal measures will lead to amendments to European energy legislation that impact the business of 50Hertz. 
Part of this European Green Deal is the so-called "European Climate Law", which aims to reach climate 
neutrality in Europe by 2050. The European Climate Law entered into force in July 2021. As the legislative 
negotiations are still ongoing, it remains unclear how the German Federal Government and the German 
regulatory authorities will interpret these new measures and how they will be implemented on the national 
level. The implementation of such measures could have a negative impact on several aspects of the 
regulatory framework and, hence, the profitability of 50Hertz.  
TSO permit to operate / certification may be revoked or could be modified 
50Hertz is permitted to operate as a TSO in Germany and, while this authorisation is not limited in time, it 
can be revoked by the Energy Authority of the State of Berlin (Senatsverwaltung für Wirtschaft, Energie und 
Betriebe (Energiewirtschaft/Energieaufsicht)) if, for example, 50Hertz fails to maintain the personnel, 
technical and financial means to guarantee the continuous and reliable operation of the network in 
accordance with applicable law. Revocation of 50Hertz’ permit would have a material adverse impact on 
50Hertz and the Issuer, including their ability to meet their respective obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
The unbundling regime in the EnWG provides for different models (Ownership Unbundling, Independent 
Transmission Operator, Independent System Operator). In a certification process, BNetzA assesses 
whether the unbundling provisions are met by the respective TSO. BNetzA has certified 50Hertz as an 
ownership unbundled TSO, but BNetzA may revoke the certification and/or impose fines on 50Hertz if it 
ceases to meet the unbundling provisions. Although 50Hertz would still be able to operate the network 
following a revocation of certification, such revocation could have a negative impact on 50Hertz’ reputation 
and thereby affect its business results and operations. 
50Hertz may incur significant costs to manage potential environmental and public health risks and 
to accommodate planning constraints 
50Hertz’ operations and assets are subject to European, national and regional regulations dealing with, inter 
alia, environmental matters, regional planning and zoning, building and environmental permits and rights of 
way. These regulations are often complex and subject to continual change (resulting in a potentially stricter 
regulatory framework or enforcement policy). The most significant environmental issues faced by 50Hertz 
relate to the visual impact of the infrastructure, electromagnetic fields, soil pollution, water contamination, 
noise and waste as well as the impact on protected species and habitats. Compliance with such regulations 
may impose significant additional costs on 50Hertz, including expenses relating to the implementation of 
preventive or remedial measures. Additional costs may also be incurred by 50Hertz in respect of, inter alia, 
compensation for the impact of infrastructure on the environment, managing environmental and public 
health risks or planning constraints, actual or potential liability claims, and the defence of 50Hertz in legal or 
administrative procedures or the settlement of third-party claims.  
Moreover, for years legal grounds have been expanded to allow a greater number of field testing of high-
voltage underground cables in pilot projects. Legislation has introduced greater numbers of pilot projects for 
alternating current ("AC") underground cables while, for direct current ("DC"), the legislature has mandated 
underground cables as the norm. In consequence, the costs of the concerned DC technology projects have 
risen significantly, as the use of high-voltage underground cables is more expensive than the use of 
overhead lines. This could give rise to discussions requiring increased underground cabling also for AC 
connections. This might lead to future changes in law and may impose additional costs on 50Hertz. 
Changes to the timing and amounts of investments may negatively impact the financial position of 
50Hertz 
Uncertainties about the timing and size of investments caused by, for example, delays in implementing or 
even a political decision on the discontinuance of the energy transition, public opposition or long-lasting 
permission procedures could cause a lower return on investments than expected and have a negative 
impact on the cost of debt associated with investments in the case of a mismatch between financing needs 
and financing activities of 50Hertz.  
In addition, the customers of 50Hertz, which include power producers, expect to have access to a reliable 
level of capacity to dispatch power at all times. An inability of 50Hertz to make the investments necessary to 
maintain sufficient capacity on the grid may lead to financial penalties being payable by 50Hertz due to, 
inter alia, damage claims by customers.  
Possible retroactive changes to, or different interpretations of, applicable laws, including tax laws, 
additional tax assessments, anticorruption laws and antitrust laws, may have a negative impact on 
the Issuer and the Guarantors 
The Issuer and the Guarantors may inadvertently violate their legal obligations and may be liable for 
substantial administrative fines. In particular, accounting standards, commercial, company and tax laws and 
their interpretation, e.g. by accounting standard setters and committees, accounting enforcers, tax 
authorities and courts are subject to changes, potentially with retroactive effect. Such changes may have a 
negative impact on the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ net assets, financial position, results of operations and 
key performance indicators. Furthermore, the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ interpretation of applicable tax 
laws may differ from that of the relevant authorities. For instance, the relevant authorities may not accept 
the tax grouping based on the profit and loss transfer agreements between the Issuer and 50Hertz, and

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
between 50Hertz and 50Hertz Offshore. Tax audits may result in a higher taxable income or in a lower 
amount of carried forward tax losses being available to the Issuer and the Guarantors. With regard to the 
implementation of the electricity price brake and the insecurity about existence or occurrence of VAT a tax 
ruling will be strived for.  
Delayed implementation of the electricity price brake act may lead to reputational damage and, if 
necessary, legal proceedings against the market partners concerned. 
Although the Electricity Price Brake Act and the public law agreement stipulate that the transmission system 
operators will not suffer any financial disadvantages as a result of implementing the electricity price brake, 
the Act does specify significant obligations for the transmission system operators which, if not implemented 
on time or correctly, may at least lead to reputational damage. 
Risks arising from markets and finances 
Market price developments on power exchanges could negatively impact 50Hertz’ liquidity 
Due to 50Hertz’ activities linked with the areas of EEG management, the procurement of grid losses and 
balancing energy as well as the handling of congestion, 50Hertz is directly exposed to fluctuations in market 
prices on power exchanges in spot and futures markets as well as to market developments on balancing 
trading platforms. High volatility has increased the margins for which exchanges require 50Hertz to provide 
collateral in the form of bank guarantees or cash to execute trades. Derivative positions are marked to 
market on a daily basis. Changing price levels on futures markets therefore lead to a daily reassessment of 
derivative positions and a corresponding cash flow from or to the exchange. Increasing volatility of power 
prices increases the risk that collateral requirements negatively impact 50Hertz’ available liquidity to a 
greater extent, which could require 50Hertz to draw down available credit facilities. Extraordinary 
developments in power prices may also have negative effects in the areas of EEG management, the 
procurement of grid losses and balancing energy, the handling of congestion itself and may also lead to 
higher financing requirements. 
Mismatch in timing of generating revenues from surcharges and or grants (namely in relation to the 
EEG) and costs incurred to be covered by the respective surcharge/grant  
With regard to obligations in respect of which 50Hertz is reimbursed through surcharges or governmental 
grants, 50Hertz is exposed to the risk of delay between when the costs are incurred and when the 
corresponding surcharge/ grant is paid. 
This risk applies in particular to the federal governmental grant which replaced the EEG Surcharge (see 
above “Risks arising from regulatory, legislative and political matters - Decisions made by the German 
federal regulatory agency under the current regulatory framework may have a significant impact on 
50Hertz”) and covers all cost resulting from the EEG business. While the new mechanism eliminates risks 
related to the collection of the EEG Surcharge, liquidity risks related to the timing of the payments under the 
new scheme of federal governmental grants continue.  
Previously, network operators were obliged to purchase all renewable energy within their network area at 
fixed rates. The costs incurred, as well as the produced electricity, were passed on to the four German 
TSOs, who sold the energy on the spot market of an energy exchange in accordance with Sec.2 of the 
Renewable Energy Ordinance (Erneuerbare-Energien-Verordnung – "EEV"). In August 2014, this 
mechanism was to a large extent replaced by the principle of direct marketing (Direktvermarktung), 
according to which operators of new renewable energy facilities are obliged to sell their electricity directly or 
involve a direct marketer. However, the operators of renewable energy facilities are still paid a market 
premium (Marktprämie) by the network operators in the amount of the difference between the spot price and 
a feed-in tariff.  
Now, after abolishment of the EEG Surcharge 50Hertz receives a federal grant to recover the costs of the 
market premium and, if renewable energy facilities are still marketed by the TSOs, the difference between 
the revenues for selling the energy and the feed-in tariffs. The federal grant is calculated annually in 
accordance with the Energy Financing Act (Energiefinanzierungsgesetz – “EnFG”) and is published by 25 
October for the next calendar year. The calculation is based on forecasts of factors such as spot prices and

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
volumes of energy from renewable energy facilities. However, during the course of the year, volumes and 
spot prices can differ significantly from the forecasts, resulting in liquidity requirements for 50Hertz on its 
specific EEG account, which may have an adverse impact on its cash position. The difference between 
actual costs and revenues is fully recovered by federal grants in the following calendar year.  
(see above “Risks arising from regulatory, legislative and political matters - Decisions made by the German 
federal regulatory agency under the current regulatory framework may have a significant impact on 
50Hertz”).  
Taking into account regional differences in the generation of renewable energy in Germany, the EnFG 
provides for a financial nationwide equalisation mechanism amongst the TSOs in Germany with respect to 
the costs resulting from paying legally fixed feed-in tariffs or, since 1 August 2014, market premiums in their 
control area. The TSOs in Germany with control area responsibility (Regelzonenverantwortlichkeit) currently 
share the EEG costs according to an agreed factor amongst themselves in accordance with the EnFG. 
Changes to the EEG cost-sharing mechanism between the TSOs in Germany with control area 
responsibility could therefore have a negative impact on 50Hertz’ liquidity. 
Mismatch in timing of generating revenues from network user charges and costs incurred to be 
covered by the network user charges  
Network user charges are calculated on the basis of forecasted volumes of capacity and consumption. 
Differences between planned and actual volumes may arise for various reasons, such as loss of customers 
(for example, as a consequence of epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic) or as consequence of 
armed conflicts (like the Russia – Ukraine conflict) and differing feed-in of renewable energy on the level of 
distribution system operators (“DSO”). Any mismatch between the forecasted and actual volumes forming 
the basis for the calculation of network user charges may have a negative impact on 50Hertz’ liquidity and 
profitability. 
The main cost risks regarding the energy management business result from cost increases, in particular 
with respect to control power, reserves, curtailment of renewable energies, procurement of energy volumes 
to cover onshore grid losses and redispatch costs. Such cost increases may result from volume effects 
and/or (except for curtailment of renewable energies) price increases (inter alia as a consequence of the 
Russia – Ukraine conflict). The volume effects may be exacerbated by fluctuating feed-in from renewable 
energy facilities, which need to be compensated to maintain a system balance between generation and 
consumption at all times. Due to the rapid development of renewable energy with which the grid expansion 
at this speed is unable to keep pace, the aforementioned effects could increase in future and may thus lead 
to an increase in financing needs due to a mismatch in timing. 
The TEN-E Regulation (EU Regulation No 347/2013 on guidelines for Trans-European energy 
infrastructure) was passed in order to achieve the EU's energy policy objectives by promoting projects of 
common interest ("PCIs"). For PCIs, TSOs can claim European cost sharing with other TSOs if their 
countries profit from those projects. In the past, the European national regulatory authorities as well as 
ACER decided against cost-sharing claims of other TSOs on a case-by-case basis. More projects are 
expected to address cost contribution applications to Germany and hence the German TSOs in the future 
and there is a risk that the authorities may decide differently in future cases. Even though the revision of the 
ARegV in 2016 considers such costs as permanently non-influenceable costs, reimbursement can only be 
obtained with a time-delay of two years. Accordingly, in case the German TSOs had to bear a share of the 
costs of PCIs, this could lead to liquidity and profitability risks. The upcoming amendment of the TEN-E 
Regulation will not mitigate these risks. 
Supplier risks may negatively affect the budget, quality and/or the timely commissioning of 
infrastructure works 
Electricity transmission infrastructure is a key component of the business of the Company and of the 
relevant affiliates of the Company. The Company and the relevant affiliates of the Company rely on a 
selected number of key suppliers to realize their infrastructure objectives.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Given the complexity of the infrastructure works and increasing demand in the market or as consequence of 
armed conflicts (like the Russia – Ukraine conflict), the Company and the relevant affiliates of the Company 
may be unable to find sufficient suppliers and supplies for their projects. In addition, the Company and the 
relevant affiliates of the Company are also exposed to the risk that their respective suppliers may fail to 
comply with their contractual obligations due to, for example, financial or other difficulties, arising for 
instance from epidemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic) or as consequence of armed conflicts (like the 
Russia – Ukraine conflict). 
Any cancellation of or delay in the completion of infrastructure projects of the Company or the relevant 
affiliates of the Company could have an adverse effect on the realization of the CAPEX plan of the 
Company or its relevant affiliates. 
The Guarantors may not have adequate insurance coverage 
The Guarantors have put into place insurance contracts necessary to operate their business in line with 
current industry standards. The Guarantors cannot provide an assurance that such insurance will prove to 
be sufficient and/or adequate. In particular, insurance may not be available or not cover certain risks 
whether due to faults, natural disasters, other causes such as damage to overhead lines or cables including 
sea cables, third-party losses, damages or blackout claims or losses as a result of terrorism, sabotage, 
crime etc. Furthermore, damages, losses or claims may turn out to exceed insurance coverage. Any 
uninsured financial loss or claim could have a material impact on the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of the Guarantors. 
A rating downgrade may increase the Issuer’s financing costs 
The Issuer’s credit ratings influence the Issuer’s financing costs. Any actual or anticipated suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal of a credit rating assigned to the Issuer or any Notes by one or more credit rating 
agencies may adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of the Issuer’s financings, limit the Issuer’s 
access to the capital markets and harm the Issuer’s ability to finance its operations and investments. 
Counterparty credit risk of the customers of 50Hertz and other TSOs may have a negative impact on 
50Hertz 
TSOs are exposed to the risk of insolvency of various counterparties, including the DSOs paying the 
network tariffs, electricity sales companies paying the EEG Surcharge, persons obliged to pay the 
Combined Heat and Power (“KWK”) surcharge and balance responsible parties (Bilanzkreisverantwortliche 
- “Balance Responsible Parties”)responsible for running balancing accounts (such as traders and 
electricity suppliers”) in the control areas of the TSOs, as well as the other TSOs and their customers. Any 
counterparty credit risk that materialises could have a material adverse effect on 50Hertz’ financial position 
and results of operations. 
In particular, there is a risk that p Balance Responsible Parties carry out cross-border chain transactions, 
which lead to an unbalanced system balance sheet, and 50Hertz cannot pass on the costs for settlement 
due to insolvency (or similar condition) of the Balance Responsible Parties. 
Risks arising from technology and infrastructure 
Specific risks arising from grid connections of offshore wind farms may have a negative impact on 
50Hertz 
Planning, construction and operation of grid connections of offshore wind farms is a business involving 
uncertainties (e.g. weather and soil conditions) and technical challenges. Moreover, there is only a small 
number of potential suppliers for main components of such grid connections. Delays and changes in the 
planning and construction stages as well as later, unplanned outages in the operational stage are therefore 
possible and may result in compensation payments to the offshore windfarm operators pursuant to Sec. 17e 
EnWG, which may not be fully recoverable. 
Technical problems are often only discovered in the implementation and operational stage and have to be 
resolved immediately. In particular, as there is still no experience with long-term operation of this

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
technology, there is a risk that design flaws are only discovered once a cable system is in use. To reduce 
this risk, various tests are performed before production and commissioning and the cables are monitored 
during operation. However, this does not ensure that all or a combination of causes of errors can be 
identified. In extreme cases, this can lead to an entire cable system having to be replaced. With cables 
representing a considerable value in 50Hertz Offshore’s fixed assets, this would result in high impairment 
charges and investment costs. Furthermore, compensation payments to the offshore windfarm operators 
pursuant to Sec. 17e EnWG would become due. Apart from potential liquidity risks, there is a risk that these 
costs are not fully covered by insurance or by the Offshore Grid Surcharge (depending, among other 
factors, on the scale of 50Hertz’ potential fault) and thus resulting in a profitability risk for 50Hertz.  
In the event of transmission fluctuations, disruptions, system breakdowns/blackouts of the grid, or 
non-implementation of emergency measures as prescribed by law, 50Hertz may be held liable for 
damages by its customers and/or third parties or incur additional costs 
Transmission fluctuations, disruptions, system breakdowns or blackouts of the grid (caused by unforeseen 
events such as an overload of the very high voltage network, network imbalances, intrusions of computer 
viruses and natural events) that affect 50Hertz’ network may result in a failure of 50Hertz to maintain a 
sufficient and reliable grid capacity and to deliver electricity to customers or to inject energy from power 
generation facilities, and may expose 50Hertz to liability claims and litigation. The probability of transmission 
disruptions, as well as required emergency measures, has increased with the increasing distance between 
the locations of generation and consumption and the volatility of energy in-feed as a result of increasing 
fluctuating feed-in from renewable energy facilities. Moreover, in 2019 significant generation deficits 
occurred in certain cases due to market behaviour of balancing group participants (which were encouraged 
by false incentives) which had to be balanced. Even though the auction methodology has been changed to 
abolish the previous incentives, it cannot be excluded that, due to similar abusive behaviour of balancing 
group participants, critical grid situations might arise in the future.  
Furthermore, 50Hertz may also be liable if emergency measures required under Sec. 13 para. 2 of the 
EnWG have not been implemented as required, unless the event qualifies as force majeure. 
A failure of the IT systems and processes or a breach of their security measures e.g. by cyber-
attacks may have a negative impact on 50Hertz 
50Hertz’ operations depend on IT systems, hardware and software, including fibre optic and copper cable 
based communication networks. The reliability and continuity thereof are essential in particular for an 
efficient and reliable operation of the electricity network and the electronic transfer of funds.  
In a complex project, 50Hertz’ grid control system (which ensures the secure operation of its transmission 
grid) is being replaced by a new system. Due to project delays, the old grid control system must operate 
beyond its planned duration and operations must be secured in cooperation with the manufacturers of the 
subsystems. As a result of this transition, risks to the security of supply could arise. Moreover, there is no 
certainty that important system hardware and software failures, viruses, accidents, security breaches e.g. as 
a consequences of cyber-attacks or acts of terrorism and sabotage will not occur and these could impair 
50Hertz’ ability to provide all or part of the services or to fulfil other obligations required by law or under the 
contracts to which it is a party. Such failures could endanger 50Hertz’ reputation, which in turn could lead to 
the undermining of 50Hertz' business model caused by negative regulatory and legal decisions, potentially 
resulting in an adverse effect on 50Hertz’ financial position and results of operations. 
The Issuer and 50Hertz are also subject to a number of IT security and privacy and data protection rules 
and regulations, including the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679 as well as the 
German IT Security Act (IT-Sicherheitsgesetz). Failure to comply with any of these acts by the Issuer or 
50Hertz may have an adverse effect on their financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Acts of terrorism, sabotage or crime may adversely affect the operations of the Guarantors 
The Guarantors’ electricity network (being considered as critical infrastructure) and assets are widely 
spread geographically and potentially exposed to acts of terrorism, sabotage or crime. Such events could 
negatively affect the Guarantors’ networks or operations and may cause network failures or system 
breakdowns. Network failures or system breakdowns could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the 
Guarantors’ financial condition and results of operations, particularly if the destruction caused by acts of 
terrorism, sabotage or crime are of major importance (e.g. through the reduction of revenues and for 
incurrence of costs for damages due to the unavailability of some parts or all of the network) or last for a 
longer period of time. 
Use of innovative technologies involves higher technological risks for 50Hertz 
Following extensive technical tests of the four German transmission system operators and in-depth 
consultation with the BNetzA and federal policymakers, it was decided for economic and ecological reasons 
to use the world's first extruded 525 kV cables for the large DC connections from northern to southern 
Germany (i.e. for 50Hertz the South-East Link (SuedOstLink) and South-East Link+ (SuedOstLink+)). 
However, this decision to use an innovative technology naturally involves technological risks compared to 
using more established cable technology solutions. This could lead to risks of significantly higher costs and 
loss of reputation, which could cause the loss of business fields for 50Hertz. 
Risks arising from delay regarding the construction of new lines due to delay in permission 
processes 
The construction of new lines regularly faces opposition from local, regional stakeholders or environmental 
associations and triggers complex administrative proceedings, leading to long-lasting permission processes, 
potentially followed by court proceedings. Line construction delays are therefore still possible despite the 
intense efforts of 50Hertz’ permission and public participation experts. This can lead to an increase in 
congestion and critical situations for grid operations as the new lines are urgently needed to link high-
consumption areas to the production centres, mainly for transporting the ever-growing highly variable feed-
in volume of renewable energies in 50Hertz’ balancing zone, and also because the shutdown of nuclear 
power plants in southern Germany has started. Any delay regarding the construction of new lines might 
have an adverse effect on 50Hertz’s financial position and results of operations. 
Risks arising from delays in the connection of renewable energy facilities 
In accordance with current laws and regulations, 50Hertz is obligated to connect without undue delay all 
renewable energy facilities in its control area. Any delay in such connections may subject 50Hertz to 
damage claims which, if not allowed to be passed on, could negatively impact 50Hertz’ profitability. 
Risks arising from legal and regulatory requirements to be implemented in IT systems (e.g. the 
Digitalization Act) 
In 2016, the German Digitalization Act (Gesetz zur Digitalisierung der Energiewende) entered into force. 
The main aspect of the Digitalization Act for 50Hertz is the redesign of communication systems and 
processes to ensure the processing of a high volume of smart meter data. The responsibility for the 
aggregation of the metering data in order to enhance the balancing of energy generation with consumption 
is given to the TSOs. However, the reimbursement of the respective costs is currently under discussion with 
the BNetzA. The outcome of these discussions is unclear and could have a negative impact on 50Hertz’ 
profitability. 
In general, legal and regulatory requirements often lead to high implementation efforts for new processes 
resulting in the adaptation of IT systems that often need to be coordinated with numerous stakeholders and 
have ambitious deadlines. If 50Hertz is not able to implement the requirements within a set deadline or to 
the required extent, there is a risk of penalty payments and loss of reputation.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Risks regarding occupational health and safety and personnel  
A lack or loss of highly qualified employees may result in insufficient expertise and knowhow to 
meet strategic objectives 
50Hertz pursues an active human resources policy that aims to maintain an adequate level of expertise and 
knowhow in a tight labour market due to the highly specialised nature of its business. 50Hertz may, 
however, experience difficulties in attracting and retaining highly qualified staff required to support its 
operations, implement its investment programme and develop new business fields. Such a lack or loss of 
highly qualified staff may result in insufficient expertise and knowhow, in unsatisfactory quality levels and in 
the inability to maintain or operate the grid or complete infrastructure projects in time or not to meet strategic 
objectives. This may negatively affect 50Hertz’ earnings, financial position and results of operations. 
Accidents at the Guarantors’ facilities and involving the Guarantors’ assets may have serious 
consequences 
Accidents that may occur at the Guarantors’ facilities or involve the Guarantors’ assets (e.g. high voltage or 
offshore assets) may result in harm and death of humans or other serious consequences. As such, the 
Guarantors may be exposed to potential claims resulting in significant liabilities, use of financial and 
management resources and possible harm to their reputation. 
Risk Factors in respect of the Notes 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack 
of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The holders of Notes ("Holder" meaning any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or right in the Notes) are therefore exposed to the 
risk of an unfavorable development of market prices of their Notes which materialize if the Holders sell the 
Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If Holders of Notes decide to hold the Notes until final 
maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result 
of changes in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the 
capital market typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed 
Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of 
Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest 
rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, 
until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If 
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes hold such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without 
relevance to such Holders as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the 
principal amount of such Notes. 
Holders of Zero Coupon Notes are exposed to the risk that the price of the Notes falls as a result of 
changes in the market interest rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Notes are more volatile than prices of Fixed 
Rate Notes and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest 
bearing Notes with a similar maturity. 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Programme to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may be 
listed on other or further stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
listed or not, there can be no assurance regarding the future development of a market for the Notes or the 
ability of Holders to sell their Notes or the price at which Holders may be able to sell their Notes. If such a 
market were to develop, the Notes could trade at prices that may be higher or lower than the initial offering 
price depending on many factors, including prevailing interest rates, the Issuer’s operating results, the 
market for similar securities and other factors, including general economic conditions, performance and 
prospects, as well as recommendations of securities analysts. The liquidity of, and the trading market for, 
the Notes may also be adversely affected by declines in the market for debt securities generally. Such a 
decline may affect any liquidity and trading of the Notes independent of the Issuer’s financial performance 
and prospects. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, 
be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an 
investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if the Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to maturity (optional 
call right) or for reason of minimal outstanding amount. In addition, the Issuer will always have the right to 
redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for 
reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions. If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to 
maturity, the Holders of such Notes are exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption his 
investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise his call right if the 
yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen which means that the investor may only be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer 
can be expected not to exercise his call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has 
increased. In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable 
Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise any call right 
irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Currency Risk 
Holders of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency other than euro) are particularly 
exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. 
Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors, such as macro-economic factors, 
speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding 
change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding change 
in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in accordance with 
the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro rises 
correspondingly, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder 
expressed in euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected. 
Risks related to the to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) 
Since the Terms and Conditions of Notes issued under the Programme provide for meetings of Holders of a 
series of Notes or the taking of votes without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes may be 
amended (as proposed or agreed by the Issuer) by majority resolution of the Holders of such Notes and any 
such majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder is therefore subject to the risk that its 
rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant series of Notes are amended, 
reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such majority resolution will even be 
binding on Holders who have declared their claims arising from the Notes due and payable based on the 
occurrence of an event of default but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
amendment 
taking 
effect. 
According 
to 
the 
German 
Act 
on 
Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG"), the relevant majority for Holders’ resolutions is generally based 
on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. Therefore, 
any such resolution may effectively be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
Under the SchVG, an initial common representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) of the Holders (the "Holders’ 
Representative") may be appointed by way of the terms and conditions of an issue. 
No initial Holders’ Representative might be appointed by the Terms and Conditions. Any appointment of a 
Holders’ Representative post issuance of Notes will, therefore, require a majority resolution of the Holders 
of the Notes. If the appointment of a Holders’ Representative is delayed, this will make it more difficult for 
Holders to take collective action to enforce their rights under the Notes. 
If a Holders’ Representative will be appointed by majority decision of the Holders it is possible that Holders 
may be deprived of their individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions 
against the Issuer, if such right was passed to the Holders’ Representative by majority vote who is then 
exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the 
Notes due and payable shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices 
from Holders representing at least 25 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. Under the SchVG, even if a default notice is given by a sufficient number of Holders, it could 
be rescinded by majority resolution within three months. A simple majority of votes would be sufficient for a 
resolution on the rescission of such acceleration but, in any case, more Holders would have to consent to a 
rescission than have delivered default notices. Holders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be 
able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum 
of Holders with respect to the Notes delivers default notices and such acceleration is not rescinded by 
majority resolution of the Holders. 
Other related Risks 
Risks related to Credit Ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
herein and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at 
any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given period of time or 
that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, 
circumstances so warrant. Rating agencies may also change their methodologies for rating securities in the 
future. Any suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one or 
more of the credit rating could adversely affect the value and trading of such Notes. 
Risks relating to structural subordination 
Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors 
holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by such subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the assets 
and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. However, Holders will 
have direct claims against the Guarantors themselves under the Guarantee on a senior unsecured basis. 
Accordingly, the Notes will be structurally subordinated to all creditors, including trade creditors, of the 
Issuer’s subsidiaries other than the Guarantors. Any right of the Issuer and the Guarantors to receive assets 
of any subsidiary upon the insolvency or liquidation of the subsidiary (and the consequent rights of Holders 
to participate in those assets) will be structurally subordinated to the claims of these subsidiary’s creditors, 
except to the extent the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ claims do not result from (i) their respective 
shareholdings, (ii) shareholder loans (or their economic equivalent) subordinated by law, or (iii) contractually

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
subordinated claims, in which case their claims would still be subordinated with respect to any assets of the 
subsidiary pledged to secure other indebtedness, and any indebtedness of the subsidiary senior to that held 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor. In addition, holders of secured indebtedness of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors would have a claim on the assets securing such indebtedness that is prior to the Holders and 
would have a claim that is pari passu with the Holders to the extent the security did not satisfy such 
indebtedness. 
Risks relating to limitations of the Guarantee 
The Guarantors are incorporated in the form of a German limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit 
beschränkter Haftung, "GmbH"). Consequently, the grant of a guarantee by it is subject to certain 
provisions of the German Limited Liability Company Act (Gesetz betreffend die Gesellschaft mit 
beschränkter Haftung, "GmbHG"). 
As a general rule, Sections 30 and 31 of the GmbHG prohibit a GmbH from disbursing its assets to its 
shareholders to the extent that the amount of the GmbH’s net assets (i.e., assets minus liabilities and 
liability reserves) is already less or would fall below the amount of its stated share capital (Stammkapital). 
The granting of a guarantee by a GmbH in order to secure liabilities of a direct or indirect parent or sister 
company may be considered disbursements under Sections 30 and 31 of the GmbHG. Therefore, in order 
to enable German subsidiaries to grant guarantees and to create security interests to secure liabilities of a 
direct or indirect parent or sister company without the risk of violating Sections 30 and 31 of the GmbHG, it 
is standard market practice for terms and conditions, credit agreements, guarantees and security 
documents to contain so-called "limitation language" in relation to subsidiaries in the legal form of a GmbH 
incorporated in Germany. Pursuant to such limitation language, the beneficiaries of the security interests 
(including any guarantee) agree, subject to certain exemptions, to require payments under the Guarantee 
or, as the case may be, enforce the security interests against the German subsidiary only if and to the 
extent that such payment or, as the case may be, enforcement does not result in the GmbH’s net assets 
falling below its stated share capital or, as the case may be, if the net assets are already below the amount 
of its stated share capital, to cause such amount to be further reduced. Accordingly, the security documents 
and other relevant documents relating to the Guarantee provided by the Guarantors contain such limitation 
language and the Guarantee will be limited in the manner described. These limitations would, to the extent 
applicable, restrict the right of payment and would limit the claim accordingly irrespective of the granting of 
the subsidiary guarantee. This could lead to a situation in which the Guarantee cannot be enforced at all. 
German capital maintenance rules are subject to evolving case law (Rechtsprechung). Future court rulings 
may further limit the access of shareholders to assets of their subsidiaries constituted in the form of a 
GmbH, which can negatively affect the ability of the subsidiaries to make payments on the Guarantee and 
of the beneficiaries of the Guarantee to enforce the Guarantee. 
Furthermore, it cannot be ruled out that the case law of the German Federal Supreme Court 
(Bundesgerichtshof) regarding so-called destructive interference (existenzvernichtender Eingriff) (i.e., a 
situation where a shareholder deprives a German limited liability company of the liquidity necessary for it to 
meet its own payment obligations) may be applied by courts with respect to the enforcement of a guarantee 
or security granted by a German (direct or indirect) subsidiary of the Issuer. In such a case, the amount of 
proceeds to be realised in an enforcement process may be reduced, even to zero. 
In addition, enforcement of the Guarantee and security interests granted by subsidiaries of the Issuer may 
be limited under its respective terms to the extent that it would lead to the illiquidity (Zahlungsunfähigkeit) of 
the Guarantors. 
The specific risk is that the Guarantors may be restricted in making payments under the Guarantee which in 
turn may result in a Holders’ loss of the investment in the Notes. 
Risks associated with green, sustainable or social bonds 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to 
apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an issue of those Notes specifically for projects and 
activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes or social purposes (the "ESG

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Projects") if specified so in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria 
set out in the Green Bond Framework of the Issuer (as amended from time to time) for which a Second 
Party Opinion has been provided and which both can be viewed on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.eurogrid.com/en-us/Investor-Relations/Green-Financing). For the avoidance of doubt, neither 
the Green Bond Framework nor the Second Party Opinion are incorporated into or form part of this 
Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the Green 
Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary.  
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Notes, the Issuer may refer 
to such Notes as "green bonds", "sustainable bonds" or "social bonds". The definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or an equivalently-labelled project is currently under development. In addition, it is an 
area which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory 
initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. 
On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 
2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2088 (the "Taxonomy Regulation") entered into force and applies in its entirety since of 
1 January 2023. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission has proposed a regulation on a voluntary 
European Green Bond Standard. A provisional agreement by the Council and the European Parliament has 
been reached on the European Green Bond Standard on 1 March 2023. The standard will use the 
definitions of green economic activities in the EU Taxonomy to define what is considered a green 
investment. 
Application of proceeds of such Notes for a portfolio of ESG Projects will not result in any security, pledge, 
lien or other form of encumbrance of such assets for the benefit of the Holders of any such Note, nor will the 
performance of such projects or assets give rise to any specific claims under the Notes or attribution of 
losses in respect of the Notes. 
Accordingly, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainable and social impact markets, no assurance can be given by the Issuer, the Guarantors or the 
Dealers, any sustainability advisor or second party opinion provider that the use of such proceeds for any 
ESG Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any existing or future legislative or regulatory 
requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment 
criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws 
or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
In the event that any Tranche of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Guarantors, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or 
guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor 
is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Tranche of Notes or, if 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of that Tranche of 
Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Notes so 
specified for ESG Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or any other person that the relevant 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any ESG Projects will be capable of being implemented in 
or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such ESG Projects. Nor can there be any assurance by the 
Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or any other person that such ESG Projects will be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so will not 
give the Holder the right to early terminate the Notes or give rise to a claim to any Holders against the 
Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers. 
Any of the aforementioned will not constitute an event of default under the Notes, result in an obligation of 
the Issuer to redeem the relevant Notes early or will be taken into account by the Issuer when determining 
whether any optional early redemption right shall be exercised. Further, a mismatch between the maturity of 
an ESG Project and the minimum duration of any Notes for such ESG Project will not constitute an event of 
default under the Notes nor give the Holder the right to terminate the Notes early. 
Any failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any ESG Projects as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting 
that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes 
and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance ESG Projects and/or result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
Holders must be aware of the risk that if any of the afore-mentioned risks materialise this could lead to a 
substantial decrease of the quoted price of the Notes and a loss of the capital invested by a Holder if such 
Holder choses to sell the Notes in the secondary market prior to their maturity.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
General Information 
The legal and commercial name is Eurogrid GmbH (the "Issuer"). 
The Issuer operates under the laws of Germany and was incorporated as a limited liability company on 
26 February 2010. The Issuer has its corporate seat in Berlin, Germany and its registered office is at 
Heidestraße 2, 10557 Berlin. The Issuer is registered with the commercial register of the local court 
(Amtsgericht) of Charlottenburg under registration number HRB 130427 B. The telephone number of the 
Issuer is +49-30-5150-2363. The website of the Issuer is https://www.eurogrid.com. 
The Issuer’s legal entity identifier (LEI) is 967600Q53854Z2NBCC81. 
There have been no relevant recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to 
the evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency. 
Object of the Issuer 
Article 2 of the Issuer’s articles of association (as translated from the German original), regarding its objects, 
reads as follows: 
"2.1 
The object of the Company shall be to acquire, hold and manage participations in other businesses, 
in particular in the transmission grid operation sector. 
2.2 
The Company may enter into all transactions and take all measures related to or useful for the object 
of the Company." 
Business Overview 
The Issuer is a holding company and as such, its principal asset is its investment in 50Hertz and its 
subsidiaries. See "Business Description of the Guarantors - 50Hertz Transmission GmbH" and "Business 
Description of the Guarantors - 50Hertz Offshore GmbH" for a description of 50Hertz and its subsidiaries, 
including 50Hertz Offshore.  
Organisational Structure  
The Issuer is the parent company of the Group. The following diagram depicts, in simplified form, the 
organisational structure of the Issuer and 50Hertz and its subsidiaries, including relevant minority 
participations, as at the date of this Prospectus:

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
A more detailed description of 50Hertz can be found under "Business Description of the Guarantors - 
50Hertz Transmission GmbH".  
A more detailed description of the subsidiaries of 50Hertz can be found under "Business Description of the 
Guarantors - 50Hertz Transmission GmbH – Subsidiaries".  
Share Capital  
The registered share capital of the Issuer amounts to € 25,000 comprising 25,000 shares with a nominal 
value of € 1.00 each. The share capital has been fully paid up.  
Major Shareholders  
80 per cent of the share capital of the Issuer is held by Eurogrid International NV/SA ("Eurogrid 
International"), a company incorporated in Brussels, Belgium and registered under 0823.637.886 RPR. 
Eurogrid International is directly owned by Elia Group NV/SA ("Elia"). 20 per cent of the share capital of the 
Issuer is held by Selent Netzbetreiber GmbH ("Selent"), a company incorporated in Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany and registered with the commercial register of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main 
under registration number HRB 115815. Selent is fully and directly owned by the state-owned Kreditanstalt 
für Wiederaufbau (Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts) ("KfW").  
KfW is a public-law institution (Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts) serving domestic and international public 
policy objectives of the Federal Government of the Federal Republic of Germany ("Federal Government"). 
KfW promotes its financing activities under the umbrella brand name KfW Bankengruppe ("KfW Group"). 
KfW conducts its business in the following business sectors: standardized products primarily for small and 
medium-sized enterprises, business founders, start-ups, self-employed professionals and private individuals 
(SME Bank & Private Clients / Mittelstandsbank & Private Kunden), Customized Finance & Public Clients 
(Individualfinanzierung & Öffentliche Kunden), KfW Capital, Export and Project Finance, Promotion of 
Developing Countries and Emerging Economies, and Financial Markets. The Federal Republic of Germany 
holds 80 per cent of KfW’s subscribed capital, and the German federal states hold the remaining 20 per 
cent. KfW is organized under the Law Concerning KfW (Gesetz über die Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau) as 
a public-law institution with unlimited duration. 
Elia is a public limited liability company incorporated in Belgium with its shares listed on Euronext Brussels. 
Elia, a holding company, is organised, via its subsidiaries, around two electricity transmission system 
operators: Elia Transmission Belgium NV/SA ("ETB") in Belgium and 50Hertz in Germany. Besides the 
regulated business activities, Elia also has non-regulated business activities allowing it to develop key 
competencies its needs to ensure a successful energy transition. It has a stake in entities offering a range of 
consultancy and engineering activities, while it also owns WindGrid SA/NV, which focusses on offshore 
development outside the current regulated perimeter. ETB, as the Belgian TSO, owns 100 per cent of the 
Belgian very high voltage electricity network and owns (or has the right to use) approximately 94 per cent of 
the Belgian high voltage electricity network. In addition to its system operator activities in Belgium, ETB’s 
core business is the operation, maintenance and development of very high voltage (380 kV, 220 kV and 
150 kV) and high voltage (70 kV, 36 kV and 30 kV) networks to maintain a reliable electricity flow from 
electricity producers, whether located in Belgium or elsewhere in Europe, to distributors and large corporate 
clients. ETB also aims to improve the functioning of the open electricity market by acting as a market 
facilitator, both in the context of a single European electricity market as well as in the framework of the 
integration of renewable energy, in accordance with national and European policies. 
In July 2018, KfW was mandated by the Federal Government pursuant to and in accordance with article 2 
paragraph 4 of the KfW Law (Zuweisungsgeschäft) to acquire a 20 per cent shareholding in Eurogrid 
International (formerly: Eurogrid International CVBA). Eurogrid International CVBA indirectly held all shares 
in the German transmission systems operator 50Hertz via its 100 per cent subsidiary Eurogrid. The 
transaction closed on 22 August 2018. In June 2019 and in accordance with its mandate by the Federal

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Government, KfW swapped its 20 per cent equity stake in Eurogrid International CVBA for a 20 per cent 
equity stake in Eurogrid. This share swap was executed to simplify the holding structure. Under the 
mandate, KfW is fully covered by a guarantee provided by the Federal Republic of Germany against any 
economic risks resulting from its investment in Eurogrid. KfW’s stake in Eurogrid is held via the holding 
company Selent, a 100 per cent subsidiary of KfW. Selent’s principal asset is its investment in Eurogrid. 
Selent’s business purpose is to hold and administer participations in other companies, in particular in 
Eurogrid.  
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies 
The Issuer is managed by a board of managing directors comprising two managing directors 
(Geschäftsführer) as listed below. It is legally represented by two managing directors (Geschäftsführer) 
jointly or by one managing director jointly with a holder of a commercial power of attorney (Prokura). The 
managing directors are appointed and removed by the supervisory board. As of the date of this Prospectus, 
the managing directors of Eurogrid are as follows: 
Name 
Responsibility 
Principal activities outside the 
Issuer 
Stefan Kapferer 
Managing Director 
Chief Executive Officer, 50Hertz 
Transmission GmbH 
Yannick 
Dekoninck  
Managing Director 
Investor Relations Officer, Elia Group 
NV/SA 
 
The business address of both managing directors is Heidestraße 2, 10557 Berlin, Germany. 
Supervisory Board 
Eurogrid is supervised by a non-obligatory supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) consisting of five members 
appointed by its shareholder Eurogrid International und Selent GmbH.  
As of the date of this Prospectus, the members of the supervisory board of Eurogrid are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside Eurogrid 
Business Address 
Christiaan 
Peeters 
Chairman 
Chairman of the Executive Committee 
and Chief Executive Officer of Elia 
Group NV/SA; 
 
Chairman of the Executive Committee 
and Chief Executive Officer of Elia 
Transmission Belgium NV/SA; 
 
Chairman of the Executive Committee 
and Chief Executive Officer of Elia Asset 
NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Elia 
Grid International NV/SA; 
  
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Eurogrid International NV/SA; 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Elia Group NV/SA 
Bd. de l’Empereur 20 
B – 1000 Brussels 
Belgium

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
50Hertz Transmission GmbH; 
 
Representative of Elia Transmission 
Belgium NV/SA as member of the Board 
of 
Directors 
of 
Synergrid 
ASBL, 
Fédération 
des 
Gestionnaires 
de 
Réseaux Electricité et Gaz en Belgique; 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
re.alto-energy SRL; 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of re-
alto-energy GmbH; 
 
Chairman of the Roundtable for Europe 
Energy’s Future; 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Junction Growth Partners BV/SRL; 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of 
CRONOS GROEP. 
 
Dr. Lutz-
Christian 
Funke 
Vice 
Chairm
an 
Secretary General of Kreditanstalt für 
Wiederaufbau AöR; 
 
Managing Director of Gesellschaft zur 
Beteiligungsverwaltung 
GZBV 
Verwaltungs-GmbH; 
 
Member of the Board of KfW Stiftung; 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of IKB 
Deutsche Industriebank AG; 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
50Hertz Transmission GmbH 
 
Palmengartenstraße 5-9, 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Markus 
Berger 
Member 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
50Hertz Transmission GmbH; 
 
Member of the Executive Committee 
and Chief Infrastructure Officer of Elia 
Transmission Belgium NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Executive Committee 
and Chief Infrastructure Officer of Elia 
Asset NV/SA; 
Elia Transmission Belgium 
Elia Group NV/SA 
Bd. de l’Empereur 20 
B – 1000 Brussels 
Belgium

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of of 
Elia Engineering NV/SA; 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Elia Grid International NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Eurogrid International NV/SA; 
 
Member or the Board of Directors of Elia 
Re (Lux) SA; 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Nemo Link Limited; 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and 
Administrative Council Member of Cigre 
Belgium ASBL/VZW; 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Bemas ASBL/VZW; 
 
Member of the Strategic Committee of 
Union Wallonne des Entreprises. 
 
Peter Michiels 
Member 
Member of the Executive Committee of 
Elia Group NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Executive Committee 
and Chief Human Resource and Internal 
Communication 
Officer 
of 
Elia 
Transmission Belgium NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Executive Committee 
and Chief Human Resource and Internal 
Communication Officer of Elia Asset 
NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Eurogrid International NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Elia 
Engineering NV/SA; 
 
Director 
Contassur 
SA 
as 
a 
representative of a contributing company 
Enerbel OFP and Elgabel OFP; 
 
Elia Group NV/SA 
Bd. de l’Empereur 20 
B – 1000 Brussels 
Belgium

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Director of Enerbel OFP; 
 
Director of Elgabel OFP ; 
 
Member of the remuneration committee 
of Synergrid ASBL/VZW, Fédération des 
Gestionnaires de Réseaux Electricité et 
Gaz en Belgique; 
 
Independent 
Board 
Member 
of 
Myskillcamp S.A. 
 
Catherine 
Vandenborre 
Member 
Member of the Executive Committee 
and Chief Financial Officer of Elia Group 
NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Executive Committee 
and Chief Financial Officer of Elia 
Transmission Belgium NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Executive Committee 
and Chief Financial Officer of Elia Asset 
NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Eurogrid International NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Board of Director and 
Chairwoman of the Audit Committee of 
Proximus NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Board of Proximus OFP; 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
re.alto-energy SRL/BV; 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of re-
alto-energy GmbH 
 
Board member of Canel SRL/BV. 
Elia Group NV/SA 
Bd. de l’Empereur 20 
B – 1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies Conflicts of Interest 
None of the members of the board of managing directors have declared that there are any potential conflicts 
of interest between any duties to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
Fiscal Year 
The fiscal year of the Issuer is the calendar year.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Financial Information 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal years ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 which have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of 
the International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS") and the 
additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Sec. 315e German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch 
– 
"HGB"), 
and 
the 
respective 
qualified 
independent 
auditor’s 
reports 
(Bestätigungsvermerke des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) on these audited IFRS consolidated financial 
statements, are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.  
The qualified independent auditor’s reports are fully reproduced on pages 77 to 85 of the pdf document of 
the Issuer’s Consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2021 and independent auditor’s report thereon 
and on pages 77 to 85 of the pdf document of the Issuer’s Consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 
2022 and independent auditor’s report thereon, respectively. 
Statutory Auditors  
BDO AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Berlin, Katharina-Heinroth-Ufer 1, 10787 Berlin, Federal Republic 
of Germany (“BDO”) was the statutory auditor of the Issuer for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2022. BDO has conducted their audits in accordance with Section 317 HGB and German 
generally accepted standards for the audit of financial statements promulgated by the Institute of Public 
Auditors in Germany (Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer in Deutschland e.V. (IDW)) the consolidated financial 
statements prepared in accordance with IFRS ("IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements"), of the Issuer 
as of and for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, and in each case issued a 
qualified independent auditor’s report thereon. 
BDO is member of the Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Berlin, Federal Republic 
of Germany. 
Statement of No Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
Significant Change in the Financial Position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position and the financial performance of the Group 
since 31 December 2022. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
The Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding 
the date of this Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer is party to a profit and loss transfer agreement with 50Hertz, see "Business Description of the 
Guarantors - 50Hertz Transmission GmbH – Material Contracts".

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Ratings 
As of the date of this Prospectus, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited1,2 has assigned the long-term credit 
rating of BBB+ and Moody's Investor Services3 has assigned an unsolicited long-term credit rating of Baa1 
to the Issuer. 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the 
probability of the entity being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
                                                        
1 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (SPGRE), a Dublin-based Irish company is registered with the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (the "ESMA") as a credit rating agency (CRA) under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation"). 
2 
ESMA publishes on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 
20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that update list in the Official Journal of the European Union 
within 30 days following such update. 
3 
Moody's Investor Services is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS – 50HERTZ TRANSMISSION GMBH  
General Information 
The legal and commercial name is 50Hertz Transmission GmbH ("50Hertz"). 
50Hertz operates under the laws of Germany and was incorporated as a limited liability company on 
10 October 2001. The company has its corporate seat in Berlin, Germany and has its registered office at 
Heidestraße 2, 10557 Berlin. 50Hertz is registered with the commercial register of the local court 
(Amtsgericht) of Charlottenburg under registration number HRB 84446 B. The telephone number of 50Hertz 
is +49-30-5150-0. The website of 50Hertz is https://www.50hertz.com. 
50Hertz’ legal entity identifier (LEI) is 529900N6V96MBOIRXV55. 
There have been no relevant recent events particular to 50Hertz which are to a material extent relevant to 
the evaluation of 50Hertz’ solvency.  
Object of 50Hertz 
Article 2 of 50Hertz’ articles of association (as translated from the German original), regarding its objects, 
reads as follows: 
"2.1 
Object of the Company shall be the construction, acquisition, operation, commercial use and 
provision of energy supply and telecommunication systems, in particular of a transmission network 
for electrical power with lines, switching devices and substations including other auxiliary equipment 
and the provision of all related services. 
2.2  
The Company may enter into all transactions and take all measures serving directly or indirectly the 
object of the Company. In particular, the Company may acquire or incorporate companies of the 
same or similar kind, and participate in such domestic and foreign companies, and enter into 
cooperation and enterprise agreements." 
Business Description 
Regulatory Framework 
Relevant German Legislation and TSO Obligations 
In order to understand the business of 50Hertz, which operates in a regulated environment, an overview of 
the applicable regulatory framework is provided below: 
The German legal framework for electricity markets is laid down in various pieces of legislation. The key act 
is the EnWG, which defines the overall legal framework for the gas and electricity industry in Germany. The 
EnWG is supported by a number of laws, ordinances and regulatory decisions, which provide detailed rules 
on the current regime of incentive regulation, regulatory accounting methods and network access 
arrangements, including but not limited to the following acts (please note that the legal framework will be 
amended to implement the CJEU ruling on the non-compliance of the German legislation with higher 
ranking EU law, in particular the independence of the BNetzA): 
 
The Ordinance on Electricity Network Tariffs (Verordnung über die Entgelte für den Zugang zu 
Elektrizitätsversorgungsnetzen (Stromnetzentgeltverordnung — "StromNEV")), which establishes, 
inter alia, principles (Grundsätze) and methods for the network tariff calculations and further 
obligations of network operators; 
 
The 
Ordinance 
on 
Electricity 
Network 
Access 
(Verordnung 
über 
den 
Zugang 
zu 
Elektrizitätsversorgungsnetzen (Stromnetzzugangsverordnung — "StromNZV")), which, inter alia, sets 
out the further detail on how to grant access to the transmission systems grids (and other types of 
grids) by way of establishing the balancing account system (Bilanzkreissystem), scheduling of 
electricity deliveries, control power and further general obligations, e.g. capacity shortage

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
(Engpassmanagement), publication obligations, metering, minimum requirements for various types of 
contracts and the duty of certain network operators to manage the balancing account system for 
renewable energy; and 
 
The Ordinance on Incentive Regulation ARegV, which sets out the basic rules for incentive regulation 
of TSOs and other network operators (as further described below in "Tariff Setting in Germany"). It also 
describes in general terms how to benchmark efficiency, which costs enter the efficiency 
benchmarking, the method of determining inefficiency and how this translates into yearly targets for 
efficiency growth. 
All TSOs in Germany with control area responsibility are subject to a number of obligations as a result of, 
inter alia, the following laws and ordinances (please note that the legal framework will be amended to 
implement the CJEU ruling on the non-compliance of the German legislation with higher ranking EU law, in 
particular the independence of the BNetzA): 
 
Network expansion obligations: All German network operators are obliged to operate, maintain and, in 
line with demand, optimise and expand their network systems (Sec. 11 para. 1 EnWG). Based on this 
more general obligation, the German TSOs with control area responsibility are obliged to set up so-
called network development plans (Netzentwicklungspläne - "NEP") every two years in order to 
safeguard a coordinated development and the expansion of the German network systems. The NEP is 
subject to consultation and confirmation by the BNetzA. By confirmation of the NEP BNetzA confirms 
the network expansion projects included in the NEP. At least every four years, BNetzA provides the 
confirmed NEP to the Federal Government as draft for the federal demand plan (Bundesbedarfsplan) 
which is binding for the TSOs as to implementing the confirmed expansion measures as well as for the 
planning authorities as to the planning law and energy law related necessity of the measures. Further 
statutes, such as the Network Expansion Acceleration Act (Netzausbaubeschleunigungsgesetz) and 
Energy Line Expansion Act (Energieleitungsausbaugesetz), further promote the network expansion. 
The costs associated with such network expansion measures can be included in the network fee 
calculation. 
 
Connection obligations in respect of power generation facilities: The EnWG sets the general rules for 
connection of power generation facilities. According to these rules, the German TSOs with control area 
responsibility must connect power generation facilities to their network on technical and economic 
conditions that are appropriate, non-discriminatory, transparent, and no less favourable than the 
network operator would apply to itself or to affiliated companies. TSOs can refuse a connection if they 
can prove that the connection is not possible or unreasonable for operational, technical or economic 
reasons. The details of the procedures are laid down, inter alia, in the Kraftwerks-Netzanschluss-
Verordnung ("KraftNAV").  
 
In the past, the German TSOs with control area responsibility were obliged to set-up a so-called 
offshore network development plan (Offshore-Netzentwicklungsplan – "O-NEP") to harmonise the 
further development of cable connections in accordance with the construction of new wind farms. As of 
2019, the contents of the O-NEP were replaced partially by an accordingly extended NEP and partially 
by a so-called Site Development Plan (Flächenentwicklungsplan – "FEP") that was created for the first 
time in 2019 and will be renewed at least every four years thereafter by the Federal Maritime and 
Hydrographic Agency (Bundesamt für Seeschifffahrt und Hydrographie). As of 2017 and 2018 for a 
transitional model and beginning in 2021 on an annual basis, the BNetzA tenders network connection 
capacities according to the specifications of the Offshore Wind Energy Act (Gesetz zur Entwicklung 
und Förderung der Windenergie auf See (Windenergie-auf-See-Gesetz – WindSeeG)). Furthermore, 
according to Sec. 17d EnWG, German TSOs with control area responsibility are obligated to connect 
at their expense offshore wind farms according to the provisions of the NEP und FEP. The costs 
incurred in connection with this obligation are covered via the offshore grid surcharge. Since 2023, the 
collection of the “Offshore-surcharge” has been regulated by the EnFG. The TSOs with control area 
responsibility are responsible to collect the Offshore-surcharge from the electricity-intensive network 
customers within the meaning of Sec. 12 EnFG directly.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
EEG and EEV (Erneuerbare-Energien-Verordnung) obligations: To promote the use of renewable 
energy facilities, the former Renewable Energy Sources Act (2009) provided for a system of fixed 
tariffs for electricity generated from renewable sources which has been replaced for new facilities by 
so-called market premiums according to the current EEG that came into effect as of 1 January 2017. 
New wind, biomass and solar plants above a certain size will receive a bonus only if they have 
previously won in a tender procedure. The German TSOs with control area responsibility have to take 
off the energy generated by renewable energy facilities either connected directly to their network or 
being connected to distribution system operators ("DSOs") who then pass the electricity on to the TSO 
level and pay such fixed tariffs or market premiums to the plant operators or reimburse prior DSO 
payments if the facility is connected to their network. Taking into account regional differences in the 
generation of renewable energy, the EEG provides in Sec. 58 EEG in conjunction with the newly 
created Energy Financing Act (EnFG) for a nationwide equalisation mechanism amongst the TSOs 
with control area responsibility for the costs associated with this obligation. As a result, the four TSOs 
in Germany with control area responsibility share these costs amongst themselves based on an 
agreed mechanism, technical proceedings and necessary information exchange After the costs 
resulting from the EEG were fully financed by the EEG surcharge collected by the TSOs until 2021, a 
federal subsidy was introduced in 2022, which covered part of the costs. Since 2023, the costs 
resulting from the EEG have been financed entirely by a grant from the Federal Republic of Germany. 
The conditions for the subsidy payment are regulated between the TSO and the Federal Republic of 
Germany in a public law contract (according to Sec. 9 EnFG). Under the EEV, the TSOs with control 
area responsibility must market the feed-in from renewable energy facilities that they have been given 
on the day-ahead or intraday markets of a power exchange. The costs related to meeting the EEG 
obligations, including the associated costs of managing and financing them, are treated as pass-
through costs. In cases when there is a difference between actual costs and actual revenues in a given 
year, the net costs are recovered in the following years. 
 
Combined Heat and Power Act ("CHP" Act or "KWKG"): The declared purpose of the law is to "make a 
contribution", particularly in the interests of energy saving and climate and environmental protection, 
the transformation to a to support sustainable and greenhouse gas-neutral energy supply in the 
national territory of the Federal Republic of Germany, including the German exclusive economic zone 
(federal territory), which is completely based on renewable energies. To ensure this aim, the KWKG 
defines a support mechanism for CHP plants and certain newly built or expanded heat networks. The 
law places a duty on network operators to connect certain eligible types of CHP plants and to prioritise 
the feed-in of their electricity. Whilst operators of a CHP plant with a CHP capacity exceeding 100 kW 
are obliged to direct marketing, operators of smaller CHP plants may opt for the purchase of the CHP 
energy by the network operator. The production of electricity from CHP is promoted up to a certain 
amount with a bonus payment to be paid by the network operator to whose network the CHP plant is 
connected, depending on the kilowatt-hours generated and in some cases on whether the plants have 
won a tender issued by the BNetzA. If such a CHP plant is connected to the DSO level, occurring 
costs of the DSO can be passed on to the upstream TSOs who share them pro rata to ensure that 
financial burdens are equally shared amongst all network operators. The equalised costs are then 
passed back to the downstream networks in form of a uniform nationwide "KWK-surcharge" which will 
then be paid by the end consumers together with the respective network fees. Since 2023, the 
collection of the “KWK-surcharge” has been regulated by the EnFG. The TSOs with control area 
responsibility are responsible to collect the KWK-surcharge from the electricity-intensive network 
customers within the meaning of Sec. 12 EnFG directly. 
 
Obligations in context with individual grid tariffs according to StromNEV: Grid users can apply for so-
called individual grid tariffs which are, compared to the standard grid tariffs, lower and take into 
account that particularly large industrial grid users contribute to a permanent and steady usage of the 
network system. The TSOs are obligated to reimburse DSOs for loss of income resulting from such 
lower individual grid tariffs. The TSOs then balance their respective compensation payments towards 
DSOs and their own loss of income amongst each other according to a specific distribution key. The 
financial burden is then passed back to the downstream networks in the form of a uniform nationwide

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
"Sec.19 StromNEV surcharge" which will then be paid by the end consumers together with the 
respective network fees. 
 
Obligations according to the Ordinance on Interruptible Loads (Verordnung über Vereinbarungen zu 
abschaltbaren Lasten (Verordnung zu abschaltbaren Lasten) – "AbLaV"): According to AbLaV facility 
operators connected to the network can offer detachable load (abschaltbare Leistungen) to their 
respective TSO. The TSO has to compensate the facility-operators. The costs arising from AbLaV are 
passed back to the downstream networks in accordance with Sec. 18 AbLaV according to Sec. 26, 28, 
30 KWKG to the downstream networks in the form of a uniform nationwide "AbLaV surcharge" which 
will then be paid by the end consumers together with the respective network fees. The AbLaV 
terminated on 1 July 2022, however, the provision on the “AblaV surcharge” continues to apply until 1 
July 2023. As of 2023, settlement claims that are still open are processed from the AbLaV system. 
 
Obligations according to Electricity Market Act: In July 2016, the Electricity Market Act 
(Strommarktgesetz) entered into force. Main aspects with relevance to the TSOs were the introduction 
of several kinds of reserves (the so-called grid reserve and the grid stability units for the purpose of 
congestion management, voltage stability and black start capability, the capacity reserve to ensure 
generation adequacy and the security reserve that shall allow for a phase-out of lignite power plants 
and also ensure generation adequacy in the meantime). The costs resulting from these reserves are 
permanently non-influenceable costs in terms of the incentive regulation and therefore can be charged 
within the network tariffs without efficiency requirements. 
 
Obligations according to the Digitalization Act (Gesetz zur Digitalisierung der Energiewende): In July 
2016, the Digitalization Act, the core of which is the new German Smart Meters Operation Act 
(Messstellenbetriebsgesetz - MsbG) entered into force. The main aspects of the Digitalization Act 
which have an impact on the TSOs are the redesign of communication systems and processes to 
ensure the processing of a high volume of smart meter data. The responsibility for the aggregation of 
the metering data for better balancing energy generation with consumption is given to the TSOs. 
However, remuneration of the respective costs is not regulated by the law and currently under 
discussion with BNetzA. 
 
As mentioned before, in 2021 the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) ruled inter alia that 
German legislation regarding the competences of BNetzA is not compliant with higher European Union 
law. That is why the German legislation has still to be amended in order to take into account the CJEU 
ruling. It is expected that BNetzA’s competences with regard to tariff setting and BNetzA’s 
independence and impartiality requirements will increase. The impact on 50Hertz resulting from these 
upcoming changes in the German legislation cannot be assessed yet as the timing and details of the 
changes to the legal framework are not known yet. 
Regulatory agencies in Germany 
The regulatory agency for the energy sector in Germany is the BNetzA in Bonn for network systems to 
which 100,000 or more network users are directly or indirectly connected and the specific regulatory 
authorities in the respective federal states for network systems to which less than 100,000 network users 
are directly or indirectly connected. The regulatory agencies are, inter alia, in charge of ensuring non-
discriminatory third-party access to networks and monitoring the tariffs levied by the TSOs. 50Hertz is 
subject to the authority of the BNetzA. 
Tariff Setting in Germany 
The tariff regulation mechanism in Germany is determined by EnWG, StromNEV and ARegV. The grid 
tariffs are calculated based on the revenue cap (Sec. 17 ARegV) and comprise the onshore business. The 
revenue cap is determined by the BNetzA for each TSO and for each regulatory period. The revenue cap 
can be adjusted to account for specific cases provided for in the ARegV. The network operators are not 
allowed to retain revenue in excess of their individually determined revenue cap. If network operators 
nevertheless retain revenues in excess of their individually determined revenue cap, a compensation 
mechanism applies that leads to the reduction of future tariffs (Sec. 5 ARegV). Each regulatory period lasts

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
five years, and the third regulatory period started on 1 January 2019 and will end on 31 December 2023. 
Tariffs are public and are not subject to negotiation with customers. Only certain customers (under specific 
circumstances that are accounted for in the relevant laws) are allowed to agree to individual tariffs 
according to Sec. 19 StromNEV (for example, in the case of sole use of a network asset). The Network 
Tariffs Modernisation Act (Netzentgeltmodernisierungsgesetz – "NEMoG"), which entered into force in July 
2017 and the Ordinance on the Gradual Introduction of Uniform Federal Network Transmission Tariffs 
(Verordnung zur schrittweisen Einführung bundeseinheitlicher Übertragungsnetzentgelte) of 5 April 2018, 
introduce a step by step implementation of nationwide uniform network tariffs for all German TSOs with 
control area responsibility. This step by step approach started in 2019 with a nationwide uniform share of 20 
per cent of the individual cost basis of each TSO and will lead to nationwide uniform network tariffs in 2023. 
Moreover, the NEMoG introduces the transfer of offshore grid connection and operation costs as of 2019 to 
the former offshore liability surcharge which consequently was renamed offshore grid surcharge (Offshore-
Netzumlage).  
For the purposes of the revenue cap, the costs incurred by a network operator are classified into two 
categories as follows: 
 
Permanently non-influenceable costs ("PNIC"): these costs are generally direct pass through costs to 
customers and are recovered in full, albeit with a two-year time lag, unless stated otherwise. The cost 
items recognized in the PNIC are defined in the ARegV and include a selected number of allowed cost 
items, such as worker council costs, operational taxes and costs and revenues resulting from so-called 
procedural regulations (see below). In addition, the capital investments that have been allowed in the 
IMs are also considered as PNIC until certain conditions are fulfilled and the investments become a 
part of the regulated asset base. These costs are passed through without time lag. The allowance for 
IM within PNIC includes remuneration for return on equity (based on a cap of 40 per cent), cost of debt 
(also subject to a cap), depreciation, imputed trade tax and operational expenditure (currently at a 
fixed rate of 0.8 per cent of the capitalized investment costs of the respective recognized onshore 
investments for IM applied for before 2019. For IM applied for afterwards, according to a revision of the 
ARegV and the StromNEV the German government approved in March 2019, a fixed rate of 0.2 per 
cent applies before commissioning and 0.8 per cent after commissioning. All OPEX and CAPEX 
related to an approved IM which are reimbursed via the grid tariffs during the last three years of the 
approval phase for the respective IM used to be deducted from the revenue cap distributed over a 20-
year period, starting after the approval phase and with the roll-over of the investment in the regulated 
asset base (so-called claw back). However, the ARegV revision in 2021 introduced the capital cost 
adjustment (Kapitalkostenabgleich “KKA”) as the new remuneration regime for onshore transmission 
network investments. The new regime will replace the current regime of investment measures (“IM”) in 
2024. In this context, the CAPEX part of the already deducted claw backs for the third regulatory 
period will be refunded without interest via the regulatory accounts 2019 to 2021. Furthermore, several 
procedural regulations also considered as PNIC are in place covering such cost items, inter alia, 
relating to control power, onshore grid losses and redispatch as well as costs from European 
initiatives, ITC, grid reserves and auction revenues and redispatch costs on interconnectors. 
 
Temporarily non-influenceable costs ("TNIC") and influenceable costs ("IC"): TNIC and IC are all costs 
that do not classify as PNIC, e.g. maintenance costs. TNIC are all respective costs which are deemed 
fully efficient. They are included in the revenue cap, taking into account an annual adjustment for 
inflation and the Xgen. The Xgen reduces the revenue cap as part of the regulation formula and was 
set by section 9 ARegV at annually 1.25 per cent in the first regulatory period and annually 1.5 per 
cent in the second regulatory period. Pursuant to section 9 para. 3 ARegV BNetzA prior to the third 
regulatory period had to determine a new Xgen. With decision dated 28 November 2018 it set the 
Xgen for power network operators at 0.90 per cent (cf. BK4-17-056). 50Hertz appealed against the 
decision concerning the power sector in front of the Higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf. Currently, 
50Hertz is not actively pursuing the case, pending a final decision in other model proceedings. A first 
decision in a model proceeding was taken in 2021. On 9 July 2019, the Higher Regional Court of 
Düsseldorf revoked in a model procedure the corresponding BNetzA decision in the gas sector (cf. 
BK4-17-093). BNetzA successfully appealed against the Higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf’s

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
decision at the BGH. BGH confirmed on 26 January 2021 BNetzA’s determination of Xgen (cf. EnVR 
101/19). Regarding the electricity sector, a final decision in the model proceeding is still pending. The 
IC are also included in the revenue cap. The IC are annually adjusted with regard to inflation and a 
general productivity factor, but, in addition, IC are also subject to Xind (with 50Hertz being deemed 100 
per cent efficient for the third regulatory period, there are no IC and no inefficient costs). The efficiency 
factor provides an incentive to the TSO to reduce or eliminate the inefficient costs over the course of 
the regulatory period. If a grid operator is deemed 100 per cent efficient, the full respective cost volume 
is allocated to TNIC, thus the cost basis (excluding PNIC) is only adjusted with regard to the general 
productivity factor and inflation by a general inflation factor computed based on a statutorily fixed 
formula. In addition, the current incentive mechanism provides for the use of a quality factor which 
could also be applied vis-à-vis the TSOs but the criteria and implementation mechanism for such a 
quality factor for TSOs is yet to be established by the BNetzA. Both TNIC and IC include the capital 
costs (i.e. remuneration for return on equity (based on a cap of 40 per cent), cost of debt (also subject 
to a cap), depreciation and imputed trade tax for assets which are included in the base year and do not 
qualify as PNIC). 
With regard to return on capital, the BNetzA provides separate revenue allowances for the return on equity 
and cost of debt. For the allowed return on equity, which is included in the TNIC/IC for assets belonging to 
the regulatory asset base and the PNIC for assets approved in IM, the return on equity for the third 
regulatory period is set at 5.12 per cent for investments made before 2006 and 6.91 per cent for 
investments made since 2006, based on 40 per cent of the total asset value regarded as "financed by 
equity" with the remainder of the investment treated as "quasi-debt". The return on equity is calculated 
before corporate tax and after imputed trade tax. Post tax, this return on equity for the third regulatory 
period would result in a rate of 4.18 per cent for investments made before 2006 and 5.64 per cent for 
investments made since 2006. The return on equity rate is redetermined by the BNetzA for every regulatory 
period. In October 2021, BNetzA determined the return on equity for the fourth regulation period starting 
2024. The return on equity was determined at 5.07 per cent (post tax: 4.13 per cent) for investments 
realized after 2006 (3.51 per cent for investments until 2006). 50Hertz appealed against BNetzA’s decision 
regarding the revenue cap determination of the return on equity for the fourth regulation period. A decision 
of the court is pending. With respect to the cost of debt, the allowed cost of debt related to TNIC/IC is 
capped if it cannot be proven as being in line with the market (marktkonform). The allowed cost of debt 
related to PNIC incurred by approved investment measures is capped at the lower of the actual cost of debt 
or cost of debt as calculated in accordance with a BNetzA determination – unless exceeding cost of debt is 
proven as being in line with the market. 
In addition to the grid tariffs, costs and revenues regarding the offshore business are subject to the offshore 
grid surcharge as of 2019. The offshore grid surcharge comprises CAPEX (including return on equity) and 
actual OPEX according to the Ordinance on Grid Tariffs (StromNEV) and the Ordinance on Incentive 
Regulation (ARegV) as well as payments to offshore wind farms following the offshore liability provisions 
established in the EnWG to compensate for interruptions or delays of offshore grid connections. The 
offshore grid surcharge is calculated annually based on planned costs for year t with a later actual cost 
settlement in year t+1 and corresponding compensation for deviations between planned and actual costs in 
the offshore grid surcharge of the year t+2.  
In addition to the grid tariffs and the offshore grid surcharge, 50Hertz is compensated for costs incurred 
related to its renewable energy obligations, including EEG and CHP/KWKG, and other obligations like the 
individual grid tariffs mechanism according to StromNEV and the AblaV subject to surcharges.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
European Regulation and Laws 
The activities of 50Hertz are influenced not only by the regulatory framework in Germany, but also by 
European Union regulation and legislative acts, which are to be implemented into German law.  
In respect of electricity, the Third Energy Package – which was adopted in 2009 consisting of a set of 
European Union (EU) Regulations and Directives relating to the European internal energy market – included 
also Regulation (EC) 713/2009 establishing an Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators (ACER), 
which is entitled to handle within its competences electricity matters. ACER is a decentralised body of the 
European Union with legal personality. It shall issue opinions on all questions related to the field of energy 
regulators. It can participate in the creation of network codes and guidelines in the fields of electricity and 
gas and it can make decisions regarding cross-border infrastructure within its competences, including 
derogations from certain provisions in the applicable regulations.  
In 2018 and 2019 the European legislator adopted the so-called "Clean Energy Package", which largely 
replaces the Third Energy Package. However, the key principles of the Third Energy Package are 
maintained by the Clean Energy Package. For 50Hertz’ business as a TSO the Regulation on the internal 
market for electricity (EU) 2019/943 ("Electricity Regulation") and the Directive on common rules for the 
internal market for electricity (EU) 2019/944 are most relevant. 
Regulation (EC) 714/2009, which was part of the Third Energy Package, sets out areas in which network 
codes and guidelines were to be developed. This regulation was recasted by the Electricity Regulation 
which requires in addition further network codes and guidelines to be developed. Network codes and 
guidelines are sets of rules which apply to specific areas of the energy sector. They are based on 
framework guidelines developed by ACER. ENTSO-E, a non-profit organisation consisting of all European 
TSOs, then has to draft these new rules. They become binding after being adopted by the European 
Commission as a regulation via the comitology procedure. Most relevant network codes and guidelines for 
50Hertz’ business developed under the Third Energy Package are in particular the Commission Regulation 
(EU) 2015/1222 of 24 July 2015 establishing a guideline on capacity allocation and congestion 
management – CACM GL, Commission Regulation (EU) 2017/1485 of 2 August 2017 establishing a 
guideline on electricity transmission system operation – SOGL and Commission Regulation (EU) 2017/2195 
of 23 November 2017 establishing a guideline on electricity balancing,- EBGL. They establish obligations on 
the European TSOs to cooperate on facilitating cross border energy exchanges with the aim to implement 
the European internal energy market. 
Business Overview 
50Hertz is one of the four TSOs in Germany that owns, operates, maintains and develops a 400 kV — 150 
kV transmission network with an installed capacity of around 65,306 MW (thereof around 42,000 MW 
renewables, thereof around 21,500 MW wind on- and offshore). The 50Hertz-grid has a length of around 
10,500 km in an area covering the five Eastern German states of Thuringia, Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt, 
Brandenburg and Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania as well as Berlin and Hamburg and also the grid 
connections of offshore wind farms in the Baltic Sea. 50Hertz’ control area covers approximately 109,712 
km² (a third of Germany) with about 18 million inhabitants. Maintenance of the transmission system, 
substations and switching stations is organized through five regional centers operating in a region 
characterized by a lot of wind; renewable energy already accounts for over 65 per cent of the electricity 
consumption in the 50Hertz-grid region. This share will further increase over the next years following further 
investments in integrating photovoltaic generation, wind onshore and connecting the offshore wind farms in 
the Baltic Sea. 50Hertz’ administrative centre is situated in Berlin-Mitte. In addition, 50Hertz’ grid is situated 
at the crossroads between the Western and North Eastern European electricity markets due to the central 
location of its network between Scandinavia, Poland, the Czech Republic and Central Western Europe. 
As of 31 December 2022, 50Hertz reported total assets amounting to € 11,144.0 million. In the fiscal year 
ended 31 December 2022, the operations of 50Hertz generated revenue of € 6,992.9 million and cash flow 
from operating activities of € 713.0 million. The average number of employees of 50Hertz in 2022 was 1,438 
including 32 apprentices.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
50Hertz’ location within Europe and Germany is shown below:

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
A map with the grid operated by 50Hertz is shown below:  
 
Under the German legal and regulatory framework, 50Hertz performs the following services: 
 
Operate a safe, reliable and efficient transmission grid on a non-discriminatory basis: 50Hertz has to 
operate, maintain and develop its grid meeting the demands of its customers to the extent this is

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
economically reasonable. In particular, the TSOs have to contribute to security of supply by providing 
appropriate transmission capacity and system reliability. 
 
Provide grid connection and transport electricity through the high voltage grid: 50Hertz is obligated to 
provide physical connection to its grid to final customers, level or downstream electricity supply grids 
and lines, as well as generation facilities (whose statutory priority feed-in might have to be considered 
in case of congestions) subject to technical and economic conditions that are appropriate, non-
discriminatory, and transparent. In addition, and in accordance with regulated third party access 
("TPA") rules, 50Hertz must also grant TPA to their grid on an economically reasonable, non-
discriminatory and transparent basis.  
 
Provide preferential grid connection to, and feed-in electricity produced from renewable energy 
sources: With regards to electricity generated from renewable energy facilities, TSOs in Germany are 
under the obligation to optimise, amplify and expand their grid and, as far as economically reasonable, 
to ensure the purchase, transmission and distribution of such electricity. Accordingly, 50Hertz is 
obligated to connect without undue delay all renewable energy facilities in its control area to its 
transmission grid and any delay in such connections may subject 50Hertz to damages claims. In 
particular, 50Hertz is obligated to construct connections to all offshore wind farms in its control area 
under the further prerequisites of the EnWG and to share the costs incurred thereby with the other 
German TSOs. 
 
Provide system service: 50Hertz has the responsibility to maintain a secure and reliable energy supply 
system. The development of the German electricity market in recent years has led to a 
disproportionate share of energy being consumed in the southern and western parts of Germany, 
whereas the majority of the renewable energy generation is located in the northern and eastern parts 
of Germany. Taking into account these regional differences in the generation of renewable energy and 
fluctuating feed-in from renewable energy facilities, 50Hertz is focused on maintaining a system 
balance between generation and consumption at all times. In order to continuously balance demand 
and supply of electricity, 50Hertz primarily relies on the use of different types of control power (primary, 
secondary and tertiary control power). In addition, 50Hertz conducts congestion management 
measures when required and manages grid losses in its transmission system by procuring energy. 
 
Manage cross-border connections: 50Hertz operates a number of cross-border interconnections to 
Poland, Denmark and the Czech Republic. Their management involves non-discriminatory and 
transparent transfer capacity allocation mechanisms under pertinent European legislation and under 
EnWG.  
In addition to the core businesses with respect to system operation and transmission ownership mentioned 
above, 50Hertz has further roles in the German electricity market:  
 
It is responsible as trustee for managing cash-flows resulting from the German Renewable Energy 
Sources Act ("EEG"). Amongst others, the electricity generated from renewable installations in the 
50Hertz control zone under the feed-in-tariff regime is sold by 50Hertz at the day-ahead and intra-day 
market of nominated electricity market operators.  
 
It is facilitator for the development of the energy market, especially in the capacity calculation regions 
(CCRs) Core and Hansa. Amongst others, 50Hertz is active in designing the European and national 
electricity market in a way that it serves best an efficient and secure system operation. 
When the Electricity Price Brake Act came into force on January 1, 2023, far-reaching new tasks and 
obligations had to be established in the German energy market to mitigate the extreme increases in 
electricity prices for households and companies. The transmission system operators (and thus also 
50Hertz) form a key position between the electricity supply companies and end consumers to be relieved 
and the plant operators and distribution system operators, who finance the relief by skimming off any 
excess revenues. Any differences between the amounts skimmed off and the amounts to be relieved will be 
compensated by the Economic Stabilization Fund of the Federal Republic of Germany. A public law

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
agreement has been concluded between the Federal Republic of Germany and the transmission system 
operators to determine the precise details.  
Key Projects 
In the upcoming five years (2023-2027), 50Hertz plans to invest €5.6 billion in Germany, after investing 
about €2.4 billion in the past 5 years (2018-2022). 50Hertz’ most important projects at present are the 
South-East Link (SuedOstLink, the direct current connection between Saxony-Anhalt and Bavaria) and its 
extension to the North (SuedOstLink+ connecting Offshore capacities from North and Baltic Sea from 
Mecklenburg to Bavaria), the 380kV Berlin diagonal power link (380 kV Kabeldiagonale Berlin) and 
supporting measures in the infrastructure of Berlin as the overheadline “Nordring Berlin” (380 kV Berliner 
Nordring), 
reinforcement 
of 
pylons 
and 
ampacity 
increase 
all 
over 
the 
50Hertz 
grid 
(Mastverstärkungsprogramm, Ampacity Increase Program), the Uckermark Line (Uckermarkleitung) and the 
reinforcement of further sections of the overheadlines Wolmirstedt-Guestrow and Pulgar-Vieselbach. 
Adding new substations as well as restructuring existing ones will contribute significantly in the future to 
increase number and capacity of connections with the distribution systems and improve flexibility of the grid, 
i.e. with phase shifters and reactive power. 
From the very first project planning phase on, each of the grid development projects of 50Hertz is 
systematically accompanied by a transparent dialogue and public participation process in order to integrate 
external stakeholder input. This enhances the project quality, lowers the risk of delays and enhances 
acceptance for required new infrastructure. 
Strategy 
The 50Hertz strategy is developed around its mission to work “in the interest of society, we make the energy 
transition happen to decarbonize Europe by delivering the needed power infrastructure and shaping the 
European markets. We keep the lights on by operating a reliable and sustainable system and innovate to 
meet evolving consumers’ needs in an efficient way and to protect people’s safety. We create further value 
for society in the changing energy landscape.” 50Hertz pursues the vision of “a successful energy transition 
for a sustainable world”. 
By establishing the company-wide "Act Now"-program, 50Hertz has embedded sustainability into its 
strategy and defined long-term objectives to further improve its performance along five key dimensions 
closely linked with its core business activities. The five key dimensions Climate Action, Environment & 
Circular Economy, Health & Safety, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion and Governance. Ethics & Compliance 
have been derived from the global Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations. 50Hertz 
is committed to avoiding and reducing its direct CO2 emissions, increasing biodiversity around 50Hertz 
assets, and further advancing occupational safety and diversity in the workplace. In addition, 50Hertz will 
work more closely with its suppliers and partners on concepts for the reduction of the CO2-footprint, the 
reuse and reconditioning (circularity) of the materials used and the eco-design of its assets. 
As Transmission System Operator, 50Hertz’ ambition is to go beyond the mere delivery of its own value 
chain activities and to become an active promoter for integrating even more renewables and for helping 
consumers to decarbonize and electrify in order to foster climate sustainability in its grid control area. For 
this purpose, the strategic objective “100 percent by 2032” was established which is about achieving a 100 
per cent coverage of electricity consumption through renewables in the 50Hertz grid control area by 2032. 
In this context, 50Hertz develops its digital skills and cooperates with many different stakeholder groups. It 
aims to support renewable energy sources to accelerate their deployment to meet the ambitious targets and 
the industry in their decarbonization efforts, achieving a leveraged contribution in fighting climate change. 
50Hertz sees the future in the secure integration of maximum shares of volatile renewable energies into the 
grid, the system, and the market to create value for society and industry. 
With the "Act Now"-program and the strategic objective "100 percent by 2032" 50Hertz has operationalized 
its strategy and identified activities to be delivered that become then part of the business plan.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
As part of its capital investment strategy, 50Hertz had received approval from BNetzA for investment 
projects with an overall investment volume of € 15.0 billion by 31 December 2022. Since 2012, the 
biennially issued NEP is the basis for onshore grid development projects of 50Hertz. Offshore grid 
development projects used to be integrated into the O-NEP. As of 2019 the O-NEP as well as the Spatial 
Offshore Grid Plan (Bundesfachplan Offshore – "BFO") were replaced partially by the FEP in primary 
responsibility of the Federal Maritime and Hydrographic Agency (Bundesamt für Seeschifffahrt und 
Hydrographie) and partially by an accordingly extended NEP responsibility by BNetzA. The FEP and NEP 
are since then the basis for the grid development projects of 50Hertz. The Issuer and the Guarantors will 
look to meet these and other financing needs through diversified sources of funding. 
Subsidiaries 
50Hertz’ subsidiaries include its 100 per cent subsidiary 50Hertz Offshore and its minority shareholdings in 
JAO (4.0 per cent ownership), CORESO (7.9 per cent ownership), EEX (5.4 per cent ownership), EGI 
(49.99 per cent ownership), decarbon1ze (6.6 per cent ownership) and TSCNET Services (6.7 per cent 
ownership). Each is described further below: 
a. 
50Hertz Offshore: 50Hertz Offshore GmbH was established in 2007 to facilitate the grid connection of 
the offshore wind farms to the control area of 50Hertz and operates these connections on behalf of 
50Hertz as required now under Sec. 17d of the EnWG in accordance with the 2006 Infrastructure 
Planning Acceleration Act (Infrastrukturplanungsbeschleunigungsgesetz 2006). See "Business 
Description of the Guarantors - 50Hertz Offshore GmbHg" for additional information on 50Hertz 
Offshore; 
b. 
JAO: As of 31 December 2014, 50Hertz Transmission had an 11.1 per cent shareholding in CAO 
Central Allocation Office GmbH ("CAO") based in Freising. In 2015, CAO was merged into Capacity 
Allocation Service Company.eu SA ("CASC"), Luxembourg. CASC was subsequently renamed Joint 
Allocation Office SA, keeping its registered office in Luxembourg. In 2017, based on all European 
TSOs’ proposal, all European national regulatory authorities have assigned JAO the function of 
operating the single allocation platform in accordance with article 49 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1719 
(FCA Regulation). As a consequence, the number of JAO shareholders has increased. Currently, 
50Hertz holds shares in the issued capital of JAO of 4.0 per cent; 
c. 
CORESO: CORESO SA was established by Elia (which in between transferred its participation to its 
wholly owned subsidiary ETB Belgium TSO) and RTE (French TSO). Beside 50Hertz other TSOs 
joined, namely National Grid ESO (UK), Terna (Italy), REN (Portugal) REE (Spain), EirGrid (Ireland) 
and SONI (UK Northern Ireland). The purpose of CORESO as Regional Coordination Centre (RCC 
according to the European Regulations) is to provide supporting services in the framework of security 
of supply inter alia by common system security calculations and coordination services between the 
respective customers or in cooperation with similar service providers; 50Hertz holds shares in the 
issued capital of CORESO of 7.9 per cent; 
d. 
EEX: European Energy Exchange AG is an energy exchange offering e.g. exchange trading of energy 
and energy related products as well as registration services. 50Hertz holds shares in the issued capital 
of EEX of 5.4 per cent;  
e. 
EGI: Elia Grid International NV/SA is a company founded by 50Hertz (49.99 per cent) and Elia (50.01 
per cent.) in 2014 offering consultancy and engineering services on the international energy market. 
EGI owns 100 per cent of Elia Grid International GmbH, 100 per cent of Elia Grid International LLC in 
Saudi Arabia and 100 per cent of Elia Grid International LLC in Singapore;  
f. 
TSCNET Services: TSCNET Services GmbH was registered in 2014, 50Hertz being one of the 
founding shareholders. Since 2013, experts dispatched from TSC member TSOs as well as additional 
staff work in Munich day and night (24/7), providing tailor-made coordination services for operational 
planning, forecast data merging, congestion assessment and capacity calculation for the control 
centers of TSOs in continental Europe. TSCNET Services is another of in total 6 Regional 
Coordination Centres (RCC according to the European Regulations). 50Hertz holds shares in the

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
issued capital of TSCNET of 6.7 per cent. Other shareholders are also TSOs, namely Amprion 
(Germany), APG (Austria), ČEPS (Czech Republic), ELES (Slovenia), HOPS (Croatia), MAVIR 
(Hungary), PSE (Poland), SEPS (Slovakia), Swissgrid (Switzerland), TenneT TSO (Germany), TenneT 
TSO (the Netherlands), Transelectrica (Romania) and TransnetBW (Germany); and 
g. 
 decarbon1ze: decarbon1ze is a start-up still in the seed phase. The object of decarbon1ze is the 
acceleration of the energy transition through sector coupling, exploitation of renewable electric energy 
and low level inclusion of end costumers, the development and operation and distribution of energy 
management IT- and metering system and the support and execution of energy management 
processes 50Hertz holds shares in the issued capital of decarbon1ze of 6.6 per cent. 
Major Shareholders, Organisational Structure and Share Capital  
The registered share capital of 50Hertz amounts to € 200,000,000 comprising four shares with nominal 
values of € 25,000, € 149,975,000, € 49,000,000 and € 1,000,000, respectively. All four shares have been 
issued and fully paid up, and are owned by the Issuer, which acquired 50Hertz from Vattenfall Europe AG 
on 19 May 2010. A brief description of the organisational structure of the Issuer, 50Hertz and its 
subsidiaries can be found under "Business description of the Issuer – Organizational Structure", above.  
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies  
Management 
50Hertz is managed by a board of managing directors, comprising five managing directors as listed below. 
It is legally represented by two managing directors (Geschäftsführer) jointly or by one managing director 
jointly with a holder of a commercial power of attorney (Prokura). The managing directors are appointed and 
removed by the supervisory board. The company has a personnel director (Arbeitsdirektorin) whose duties 
and powers are determined by Section 33 para 2 of the German Co-detemination Act 1976 
(Mitbestimmungsgesetz 1976). The personnel director is nominated by the trade union IG BCE 
(Industriegewerkschaft Bergbau, Chemie, Energie) and shall not be appointed or removed against the vote 
of the majority of the employees’ representatives in the supervisory board. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the managing directors of 50Hertz are: 
Name 
Responsibility 
Principal activities outside 50Hertz 
Stefan Kapferer 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
Member of the Board of Directors of Elia 
Group S.A. 
Managing Director of Eurogrid GmbH 
Member of the Board of Directors of Elia 
Grid International NV/SA 
Marco Nix 
Chief Financial 
Officer 
Managing Director of 50Hertz Offshore 
GmbH 
Dr Frank 
Golletz 
Chief Technical 
Officer 
Managing Director of 50Hertz Offshore 
GmbH 
Dr Dirk 
Biermann 
Chief Markets & 
System Operation 
Officer 
Member of the Board of Directors of Elia 
Grid International NV/SA 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
CORESO SA  
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
European Energy Exchange AG 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
TSCNET Services GmbH 
Sylvia 
Borcherding 
Chief Human 
Resource Officer 
None

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
(personnel director) 
 
The business address of all managing directors is Heidestraße 2, 10557 Berlin, Germany. 
Supervisory Board 
50Hertz is supervised by a co-determined supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) consisting of six members. In 
accordance with the articles of association of 50Hertz, two of the supervisory board members are elected by 
the employees of 50Hertz and its affiliates. The remaining four members, one of whom is nominated by the 
trade union IG BCE, are elected by the shareholder (Eurogrid) based on the proposal of the shareholders of 
Eurogrid. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the members of the supervisory board of 50Hertz are: 
Name 
Position 
Principal 
activities 
outside 50Hertz 
Business Address 
Christiaan 
Peeters 
Chairman 
Chairman of the Executive 
Committee 
and 
Chief 
Executive Officer of Elia 
Group NV/SA; 
 
Chairman of the Executive 
Committee 
and 
Chief 
Executive Officer of Elia 
Transmission 
Belgium 
NV/SA; 
 
Chairman of the Executive 
Committee 
and 
Chief 
Executive Officer of Elia 
Asset NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
of 
Elia 
Grid 
International NV/SA; 
  
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
of 
Eurogrid 
International NV/SA; 
 
Chairman of Supervisory 
Board and Member of the 
Audit Committee of Eurogrid 
GmbH; 
 
Representative 
of 
Elia 
Transmission 
Belgium 
NV/SA as member of the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
of 
Synergrid ASBL, Fédération 
des 
Gestionnaires 
de 
Réseaux Electricité et Gaz 
Elia Group NV/SA 
Bd. de l’Empereur 20 
B – 1000 Brussels 
Belgium

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
en Belgique; 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of re.alto-energy 
SRL; 
 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
of 
re-alto-energy 
GmbH; 
 
Chairman of the Roundtable 
for Europe Energy’s Future; 
 
Member of the Advisory 
Board of Junction Growth 
Partners BV; 
 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
of 
CRONOS 
GROEP. 
Karin Erhard* 
Vice 
Chairwoman 
Member of the Executive 
Committee of the trade 
union IG BCE; 
 
Member 
(Vice 
Chairwomen) 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
of 
Evonik Industries AG. 
 
IG BCE 
Königsworther Platz 6 
30167 Hannover 
Germany 
Markus Berger 
Member 
Member of the Executive 
Committee 
and 
Chief 
Infrastructure Officer of Elia 
Transmission 
Belgium 
NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Executive 
Committee 
and 
Chief 
Infrastructure Officer of Elia 
Asset NV/SA; 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
of 
Elia 
Engineering NV/SA; 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
of 
Elia 
Grid 
International NV/SA; 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
of 
Eurogrid 
Elia Transmission Belgium 
Elia Group NV/SA 
Bd. de l’Empereur 20 
B – 1000 Brussels 
Belgium

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
International NV/SA; 
 
Member or the Board of 
Directors of Elia Re (Lux) 
SA; 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Nemo Link 
Limited; 
 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board and Chairman of the 
Investment Committee of 
Eurogrid GmbH; 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors and Administrative 
Council Member of Cigre 
Belgium ASBL; 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Bemas ASBL; 
 
Member of the Strategic 
Committee 
of 
Union 
Wallonne des Entreprises. 
 
Dr. Lutz-
Christian Funke 
Member 
Secretary 
General 
of 
Kreditanstalt 
für 
Wiederaufbau A.ö.R.; 
 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Gesellschaft 
zur 
Beteiligungsverwaltung 
GZBV Verwaltungs-GmbH; 
 
Member of the Board of 
KfW Stiftung; 
 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board of IKB Deutsche 
Industriebank AG; 
 
Member 
of 
Supervisory 
Board (Vice Chairman) of 
Eurogrid GmbH. 
 
Palmengartenstraße 5-9 
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Andrea Ludwig* 
Member 
None 
50Hertz Transmission 
Heidestraße 2 
10557 Berlin 
Germany 
Ralf-Günter 
Schloms* 
Member 
None  
50Hertz Transmission 
Heidestraße 2 
10557 Berlin 
Germany 
*Employee representatives.  
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies Conflicts of Interest 
None of the managing directors or members of the supervisory board of 50Hertz have declared that there 
are any potential conflicts of interest between any duties to 50Hertz and their private interests or other 
duties. 
Fiscal Year 
The fiscal year of 50Hertz is the calendar year.  
Financial Information 
The audited annual financial statements of 50Hertz as of and for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2022 which have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the HGB and the 
respective 
unqualified 
independent 
auditor’s 
reports 
(Bestätigungsvermerke 
des 
unabhängigen 
Abschlussprüfers) thereon, are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Statutory Auditors  
BDO AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Berlin, Katharina-Heinroth-Ufer 1, 10787 Berlin, Federal Republic 
of Germany (“BDO”) was the statutory auditor of 50Hertz for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022. BDO has conducted their audits in accordance with Section 317 HGB and German 
generally accepted standards for the audit of financial statements promulgated by the Institute of Public 
Auditors in Germany (Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer in Deutschland e.V. (IDW)) the HGB annual financial 
statements of 50Hertz as of and for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and 
in each case issued an unqualified independent auditor’s report thereon. 
BDO is member of the Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Berlin, Federal Republic 
of Germany. 
Statement of No Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 50Hertz since 31 December 2022. 
Significant Change in the Financial Position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position and the financial performance of the Group 
since 31 December 2022. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
50Hertz is regularly involved in legal and governmental proceedings and may also become involved in 
arbitration proceedings. Two disputes which are of particular note concern the initial level of 50Hertz’ 
revenue cap: 
With decision of 12 October 2019, BNetzA determined the return on equity for the fourth regulation period 
starting 2024. The Return on Equity I was determined at 5.07 per cent for investments realized after 2006 
(3.51 per cent for investments until 2006). Thus, the Return on Equity I will decline by another 27 per cent 
compared to the current level. 50Hertz appealed against BNetzA’s decision regarding the determination of 
the return on equity for the fourth regulation period. A decision of the court is pending.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Moreover, BNetzA set the Xgen for the third regulatory period to 0.9 per cent in the energy sector (cf. 
BNetzA, determination of 28 November 2018, BK4-17-056). 50Hertz appealed against the decision 
concerning the electricity sector in front of the Higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf. Currently, 50Hertz is 
not actively leading the procedure, but waits for a final decision in other model proceedings. A first decision 
in a model proceeding was taken in 2021: On 9 July 2019, the Higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf revoked 
in a model procedure the corresponding BNetzA decision in the gas sector (cf. BK4-17-093). BNetzA 
successfully appealed against the Higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf’s decision at the Federal Court of 
Justice (BGH). BGH confirmed on 26 January 2021 BNetzA’s determination of Xgen (cf. EnVR 101/19). 
Regarding the electricity sector a decision of the BGH in a model proceeding is still pending. 
Material Contracts 
50Hertz has entered into a profit and loss transfer agreement with its parent company, the Issuer, effective 
as of June 2010. The aim of the profit and loss transfer agreement is to create a fiscal unity between 
50Hertz and the Issuer for trade and corporate tax purposes. Pursuant to the profit and loss transfer 
agreement, 50Hertz is obliged to transfer its profits to the Issuer and in return, the Issuer is obliged to 
compensate 50Hertz (in accordance with the provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Sec. 302 
Aktiengesetz)) for any annual losses 50Hertz incurs during the term of the agreement and subject to the 
terms of the profit and loss transfer agreement. The agreement is valid for an unlimited period of time and 
may only be terminated after five years with a one month notice period prior to the end of a fiscal year of 
50Hertz.  
50Hertz is also party to a domination/ profit and loss transfer agreement with 50Hertz Offshore, see 
"Business Description of the Guarantors - 50Hertz Offshore GmbH – Material Contracts". 
On 19 May 2010, the Issuer, 50Hertz and 50Hertz Offshore entered into a German law cash pool 
agreement (the "Cash Pool Agreement"). The purpose of the Cash Pool Agreement is to optimise the 
treasury activities (cash, interest, foreign exchange, financing and investment management) within these 
three companies. However, at instigation of the BNetzA, as of 30 September 2016 the accounts to settle the 
EEG held by 50Hertz were removed from the cash pool process. Each Guarantor owes ongoing information 
disclosure duties to the Issuer (including periodically informing the Issuer of its ongoing financial position 
and of the occurrence of any extraordinary risks or a material deviation from its planned liquidity, revenue or 
profit levels) and the Issuer has corresponding information disclosure duties to the Guarantors. In addition, 
the Issuer has an obligation to inform the other parties about new participations or retirement of any cash 
pool participant. There is no fixed termination date for the Cash Pool Agreement. A prerequisite for 
participation in the Cash Pool Agreement is that the share capital of the participating company is fully paid 
up. In addition, the continued participation of a company in the Cash Pool Agreement is only possible if the 
company does not have negative equity, or if the company can recover its losses under a profit and loss 
transfer agreement. Failure to meet these conditions would trigger a right to terminate participation. 
Ratings 
50Hertz is not rated.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS – 50HERTZ OFFSHORE GMBH  
General Information 
The legal and commercial name is 50Hertz Offshore GmbH ("50Hertz Offshore"). 
50Hertz Offshore operates under the laws of Germany and was incorporated as a limited liability company 
on 29 June 2007. The company has its corporate seat in Berlin, Germany, and has its registered office at 
Heidestraße 2, 10557 Berlin. The company is registered with the commercial register of the local court 
(Amtsgericht) of Charlottenburg under registration number HRB 108780 B. The telephone number of 
50Hertz Offshore is +49-30-5150-0. The website of 50Hertz Offshore is https://www.50hertz.com/. 
There have been no relevant recent events particular to 50Hertz Offshore which are to a material extent 
relevant to the evaluation of 50Hertz Offshore’s solvency.  
50Hertz Offshore’s legal entity identifier (LEI) is 8755005LVIN8ES5KAA34. 
Object of 50Hertz Offshore 
Article 2 of 50Hertz Offshore’s articles of association (as translated from the German original), regarding its 
objects, reads as follows: 
"1. Object of the company is the construction, acquisition, maintenance, system management and 
operation of electricity lines as well as related equipment and facilities for the connection of offshore-
plants primarily to be erected in the Baltic Sea to an electricity transmission or distribution network. 
2. 
The company may take all measures and enter into all transactions serving directly or indirectly the 
object of the company. In particular, the company may acquire or incorporate companies of the same 
or similar kind, and participate in such domestic and foreign companies, and enter into cooperation 
and enterprise agreements." 
Business Overview 
50Hertz Offshore was formed to facilitate the connection of offshore wind farms to the 50Hertz control area 
and to provide for a transparent accounting of the costs and capital employed. 50Hertz Offshore is expected 
to incur all the capital expenditure and other related costs related to these offshore connections. 
In accordance with EnWG, 50Hertz is obliged to construct the grid connections to offshore clusters foreseen 
in the NEP or the Site Development Plan, as the case may be, connect wind farms to which the BNetzA has 
assigned capacity on the grid connection and operate the connection assets after commissioning. 
Furthermore, according to Sec. 17f EnWG the German connecting TSOs are obliged to distribute the costs 
of constructing and operating the grid connections to the offshore wind farms among them according to the 
electricity supply volume in their respective control areas.  
By way of a framework agreement signed in November 2008 between 50Hertz and 50Hertz Offshore with 
its last amendment in 2021, 50Hertz has delegated the construction and technical operation of the grid 
connections to the offshore clusters and wind farms to 50Hertz Offshore, granting at the same time the right 
of being reimbursed for all respective costs. For the avoidance of doubt, this delegation did not result in 
50Hertz Offshore qualifying as a TSO or itself becoming a company directly subject to regulation. 50Hertz 
Offshore currently has no employees and instead relies on services provided by 50Hertz pursuant to service 
contracts. See "Business description of the Guarantors – 50Hertz Offshore GmbH – Material Contracts". 
Important investment needs of 50Hertz Offshore are primarily triggered by the procurement and installation 
of sea and land cables and other electrical equipment to connect offshore wind farms. The first commercial 
offshore wind farm in the Baltic Sea ("Baltic 1") was connected to 50Hertz’ transmission grid in 2011. A 
second grid connection ("Baltic 2") was finalized in 2015; a third offshore cluster connection ("Ostwind 1") 
was approved by the BNetzA in the O-NEP in 2013, with a further approval in 2015. This grid connection 
consists of three cable systems and was allocated to two wind farms (Wikinger and Arkona). The 
commissioning of the grid connection was completed in 2019, in line with the foreseen completion dates

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
resulting in offshore-connections accomplished for wind farms with in total more than 1.8 GW. During the 
2018 capacity auction, three additional offshore wind farms (Arcadis Ost 1 and Baltic Eagle) in the Baltic 
Sea north of Lubmin were awarded. As a result, BNetzA has approved three additional cable systems and 
associated on- and offshore substations in the Cluster Westlich Adlergrund ("Ostwind 2"). 50Hertz Offshore 
placed orders for these cable systems in 2018. In 2019, agreements with the windfarm owners were 
concluded in relation to joint platforms. In the 2019 grid development plan, the grid connection OST-1-4 was 
awarded. The site development plan foresees a single cable solution and a platform owned and operated 
by 50Hertz. The 2021 auction of the associated offshore site (O-1.3) was held and awarded. By fall 2022 
BNetzA has awarded 50Hertz to erect the grid connection OST-6-1 for the Gennaker wind park under the 
legal framework for wind farms in the 12 nautical mile zone (Sec. 17d (6) EnWG).Preparatory works and 
tenders for major components were awarded. Several additional offshore projects are foreseen by 50Hertz 
Offshore resulting in total in offshore connections planned for wind farms with in total about 8 GW. The size 
of the offshore investment portfolio may fluctuate considerably over the coming years depending on the 
contents of the future FEP that shall determine a "balanced distribution of projects between North and Baltic 
Sea" for the period after 2025. In the upcoming years (2023-2027), 50Hertz Offshore plans to invest €3.1 
billion, after investing about € 1.2 billion in the past 5 years (2018-2022).  
As of 31 December 2022, the total assets of 50Hertz Offshore, which mainly consisted of grid connection 
related assets and assets under construction, amounted to € 2,717.9 million. 50Hertz Offshore’s income is 
driven by direct operating costs and imputed regulatory costs linked to the offshore activities, which are 
chargeable to 50Hertz. Revenue for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to € 295.6 million. 
Major Shareholders, Organisational Structure and Share Capital  
The registered share capital of 50Hertz Offshore amounts to € 1,000,000, comprising one share with a 
nominal value of € 1,000,000 which has been issued and is fully paid up. 50Hertz Offshore is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of 50Hertz. A brief description of the organisational structure of 50Hertz and its 
subsidiaries including 50Hertz Offshore can be found under "Business description of the Guarantors – 
50Hertz Transmission GmbH - Subsidiaries", above. 
Administrative and Management Bodies 
50Hertz Offshore is managed by a board of managing directors. The board of managing directors 
comprises two managing directors as listed below. 50Hertz Offshore is represented by two managing 
directors jointly or by one managing director together with a holder of a commercial power-of-attorney 
(Prokurist). The managing directors are appointed and removed by the shareholder (50Hertz Transmission). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the managing directors of 50Hertz Offshore are: 
Name 
Responsibility 
Principal activities outside 50Hertz 
Offshore 
Marco Nix 
Managing 
Director 
Managing Director of 50Hertz 
Transmission GmbH 
 
Dr. Frank Golletz 
Managing 
Director 
Managing 
Director 
of 
50Hertz 
Transmission GmbH 
 
 
The business address of both managing directors is Heidestraße 2, 10557 Berlin, Germany. 
Administrative and Management Bodies - Conflicts of Interest 
None of the managing directors of 50Hertz Offshore have declared that there are any potential conflicts of 
interest between any duties to 50Hertz Offshore and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Fiscal Year 
The fiscal year of 50Hertz Offshore is the calendar year.  
Financial Information 
The audited annual financial statements of 50Hertz Offshore as of and for the fiscal years ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 which have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of 
the HGB and the respective unqualified independent auditor’s reports (Bestätigungsvermerke des 
unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) thereon are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.  
Statutory Auditors  
BDO AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Berlin, Katharina-Heinroth-Ufer 1, 10787 Berlin, Federal Republic 
of Germany (“BDO”) was the statutory auditor of 50Hertz Offshore for the fiscal year ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022. BDO has audited in accordance with Section 317 HGB and German 
generally accepted standards for the audit of financial statements promulgated by the Institute of Public 
Auditors in Germany (Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer in Deutschland e.V. (IDW)) the HGB annual financial 
statements of 50Hertz Offshore as of and for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022 and, in each case, issued an unqualified independent auditor’s report thereon. 
BDO is member of the Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Berlin, Federal Republic 
of Germany. 
Statement of No Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 50Hertz Offshore since 31 December 2022. 
Significant Change in the Financial Position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position and the financial performance of the Group 
since 31 December 2022. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
50Hertz Offshore has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 50Hertz Offshore is aware) during the 12 
months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the financial position or profitability of 50Hertz Offshore or the Group. 
Material Contracts 
50Hertz Offshore has entered into a domination/profit and loss transfer agreement with its parent company, 
50Hertz, effective as of January 2008. The aim of the domination/profit and loss transfer agreement is to 
achieve a fiscal unity between 50Hertz and 50Hertz Offshore for trade tax and corporate tax purposes. 
Pursuant to the domination part of the agreement, 50Hertz is entitled to issue instructions to the 
management of 50Hertz Offshore. Pursuant to the profit and loss transfer part of the agreement, 50Hertz 
Offshore is obliged to transfer its profits to 50Hertz and in return, 50Hertz is obliged to compensate 50Hertz 
Offshore (in accordance with the provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Sec. 302 Aktiengesetz 
(AktG)) and subject to the terms of the profit and loss transfer agreement) for any annual losses 50Hertz 
Offshore incurs during the term of the agreement. The agreement was concluded for a fixed term until 31 
December 2013, and thereafter it is automatically renewed if not terminated by three months’ notice prior to 
the end of the respective fiscal year of 50Hertz Offshore. 
50Hertz Offshore is also party to the Cash Pool Agreement between the Issuer and 50Hertz (see "Business 
Description of the Guarantors – 50Hertz Transmission GmbH – Material Contracts"). 
The business of 50Hertz Offshore is based on a framework agreement signed in November 2008 with 
50Hertz, under which 50Hertz has delegated its obligation to construct and operate the grid connections to 
the offshore clusters and wind farms to 50Hertz Offshore, granting at the same time the right of being

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
reimbursed for all respective costs. Further, as 50Hertz Offshore currently has no employees and instead 
relies on services provided by 50Hertz pursuant to service contracts, such service contracts are of material 
importance to the business of 50Hertz Offshore.  
Ratings 
50Hertz Offshore is not rated.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the provisions 
of the Final Terms as set out below.  
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions  
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms 
provide for the Issuer to choose among the following Options:  
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates (Fixed Rate Notes); and  
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes without periodic interest payments (Zero Coupon Notes). 
In addition, a separate set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates, included in the Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 May 2015, is incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus for the purpose of a potential increase of Notes outstanding and originally issued prior to the 
date of this Prospectus ("Option I A").  
Documentation of the Conditions  
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways:  
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of 
Option I, Option I A or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall 
be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing 
the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus in 
the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions shall 
constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche.  
-  
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I, Option I A or Option II and of the 
respective further options contained in each of Option I, Option I A or Option II are applicable to the 
individual issue by only referring to the specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
as set out in the Prospectus. The Final Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute 
the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms 
and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus attached.  
Determination of Options/ Completion of Placeholders  
The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I, Option I A or Option II shall be applicable to the 
individual issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I, Option I A or Option II also 
contains certain further options (characterised by indicating the optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in the square brackets within the text of the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by square 
brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows:  
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the 
relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the sections of the relevant set 
of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not replicate or refer to an 
alternative or optional provision it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.  
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions will be completed. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text 
set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory 
text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for two options: 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest rates 
(Fixed Rate Notes). 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes without periodic 
interest payments (Zero Coupon Notes). 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterised accordingly by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out in square brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating 
the relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of certain items which 
are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square 
brackets which include the relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Terms and Conditions 
This Series of Notes is issued pursuant to a fiscal agency agreement dated on or about 14 April 2023 
(the "Agency Agreement") between Eurogrid GmbH, 50Hertz Transmission GmbH, 50Hertz Offshore 
GmbH and ING Bank N.V. as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any 
successor fiscal agent there under) and the other parties named therein. 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the terms of the final 
terms attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final 
Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or optional 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are 
not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and all 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, 
explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and 
Conditions, as required to give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be 
obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent and at the principal office of the Issuer provided that, in the case of Notes which are not listed on any 
stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to Holders of such Notes. 
OPTION I –  
Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rate ("Fixed Rate Notes") 
§ 1 
(CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM) 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of Eurogrid GmbH ("Eurogrid" or the 
"Issuer") is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal 
amount [in the case the Global Note is an NGN the following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [Aggregate 
Principal Amount] (in words: [Aggregate Principal Amount in words]) (the "Aggregate Principal 
Amount") in the denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) 
Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" or the "Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed manually 
by authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note the following 
applies: 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note — Exchange. 
  
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global 
Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in Specified 
Denominations represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" and together with 
the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes") without coupons. [In the case of Euroclear and CBL and 
if the Global Note is an NGN the following applies: The details of such exchange shall be entered in the 
records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] The Global Notes shall only be valid if each of them bears the 
handwritten signatures of two authorized representatives of the Issuer and the control signature of a person 
instructed by the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a 
date (the "Exchange Date") not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Notes. Such exchange 
shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through 
such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be 
made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect of each 
such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of 
the Notes will be treated as a request to exchange the Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph 
(b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only 
outside of the United States (as defined in § 1(6).] 
(4) 
Clearing System. Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means [if more 
than one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main,] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL")] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV Brussels as 
operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear"),] [additional or alternative Clearing System] and any 
successor in such capacity. [In the case of CBL and Euroclear as Clearing System the following 
applies: "International Central Securities Depositary" or "ICSD" means each of CBL and Euroclear 
(together, the "ICSDs").] 
 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a NGN, 
the following applies: The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression means the 
records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of Notes so represented at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
On any redemption or interest payment being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be entered 
pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled.]  
 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a CGN, 
the following applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(5) 
Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes. 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a NGN, the following applies: On an exchange of 
a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of 
such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
(6) 
United States. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "United States" means the 
United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern 
Mariana Islands).

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE AND GUARANTEE) 
(1) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present or future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded priority under 
mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer 
undertakes (i) not to grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, land charge, lien or any other security right in 
rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over any or all of its present or future assets, as security for any present 
or future Capital Market Indebtedness or any guarantee or other suretyship in respect of any such Capital 
Market Indebtedness, and (ii) to procure, to the extent legally permissible, that none of its Material 
Subsidiaries will grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, land charge, lien or any other security right in rem 
(dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over any or all of its present or future assets, as security for any present or 
future Capital Market Indebtedness or any guarantee or other suretyship in respect of any such Capital 
Market Indebtedness, unless at the same time the Holders share equally and rateably in such security or 
other security as shall be approved by an independent accounting firm as being equivalent security has 
been made available to Holders.  
 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Capital Market Indebtedness" means any 
obligation for the payment of borrowed money (including contingent liabilities) which is represented by any 
bond or debt security with an original maturity of more than one year which is, or is intended to be, or is 
capable of being listed or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market. 
(3) 
Guarantee and Negative Pledge.  
 
(a) Each of 50Hertz Transmission GmbH and 50Hertz Offshore GmbH (each of them a 
"Guarantor" and together the "Guarantors") has given an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee (the 
"Guarantee") under which the Guarantors jointly and severally guarantee subject to certain limitations set 
out therein for the due and punctual payment of principal of, and interest on, and any other amounts 
payable under any Notes. 
The Guarantee constitutes a contract for the benefit of the Holders from time to time as third party 
beneficiaries in accordance with Section 328 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB)1, giving rise to 
the right of each Holder to require performance of the Guarantee directly from the relevant Guarantor and to 
enforce the Guarantee directly against the relevant Guarantor. Copies of the Guarantee may be obtained 
free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
 
(b) Each Guarantor has undertaken in the Guarantee, as long as any of the Notes remain 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of 
the Fiscal Agent, (i) not to grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, land charge, lien or any other security 
right in rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over any or all of its present or future assets, as security for any 
present or future Capital Market Indebtedness or any guarantee or other suretyship in respect of any such 
Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 2 (2)), and (ii) to procure, to the extent legally possible, that 
none of its Material Subsidiaries will grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, land charge, lien or any other 
security right in rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over any or all of its present or future assets, as security 
for any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness, unless at the same time the Holders share equally 
and rateably in such security or such other security as shall be approved by an independent accounting firm 
as being equivalent security has been made available to Holders.  
                                                        
1  An English language convenience translation of Section 328 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) reads as follows: 
"A contract may stipulate performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right 
directly to demand performance".

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(c) For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Material Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer, or, as applicable, a Guarantor, (i) which, based on the latest audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer (Konzernabschluss) and the latest audited annual financial statements of the 
relevant Subsidiary, has (x) unconsolidated gross assets (i.e. the sum of fixed assets (Anlagevermögen) 
and current assets (Umlaufvermögen) within the meaning of Section 266 paragraph 2 of the German 
Commercial Code (HGB) (without group internal positions) representing 10 per cent. or more of the 
consolidated gross assets of the Issuer, (y) unconsolidated operating profits before net interest expenses 
and taxes (without group internal positions) representing 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated operating 
profits before net interest expenses and taxes of the Issuer, or (ii) to which all or substantially all of the 
assets of a Subsidiary which was a Material Subsidiary before such transfer having occurred have been 
transferred, or to which such assets have passed in any other way, in which case the disposing entity will 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary. "Subsidiary" means (i) an entity of which a person owns directly or 
indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of ownership or (ii) an entity which is 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by a person within the meaning of Section 17 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz).  
§ 3 
(INTEREST) 
(1) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their principal 
amount at the rate of [Rate of Interest]% per annum from (and including) [Interest Commencement Date] 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)). Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"). The first payment of interest 
shall be made on [First Interest Payment Date] [if the First Interest Payment Date is not the first 
anniversary of the Interest Commencement Date the following applies: and will amount to [Initial 
Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] [If Maturity Date is not an 
Interest Payment Date the following applies: Interest in respect of the period from (and including) [last 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to 
[Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] 
(2) 
Late Payments. If the Issuer for any reason fails to render any payment of principal in respect of 
the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue at the default rate of interest established by statutory 
law2 on the outstanding amount from (and including) the due date to (but excluding) the day on which such 
payment is made to the Holders. 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Periods of less than one Year. If interest is to be calculated for a period 
of less than one year, it shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). [If 
the Specified Currency is Euro and if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is applicable the following applies: The 
number of Interest Payment Dates per calendar year (each a "Determination Date") is [number of regular 
Interest Payment Dates per calendar year].] 
                                                        
2  The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, Sections 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
(4) 
Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with regard to the calculation of the amount of 
interest on the Notes for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
[If the Specified Currency is Euro and if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is applicable the following 
applies: 
 
(i)  
if the Calculation Period (from and including the first day of such period but excluding 
the last) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the 
number of days in such Calculation Period (from and including the first day of such period but excluding the 
last) divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
 
(ii)  
if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: (A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) and 
(B) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates 
(as specified in § 3(3)) that would occur in one calendar year. 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to, (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date.] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month 
but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period 
unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
§ 4 
(PAYMENTS) 
(1) 
(a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of the Notes shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary Global Note the following applies: Payment 
of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), 
to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Discharge. The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantors shall be discharged by payment to, 
or to the order of, the Clearing System.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
(4) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next such day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day which is 
[In the case the Notes are not denominated in Euro the following applies: a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [relevant 
financial center(s)][.][and]]  
[In the case the Clearing System and T2 shall be open the following applies: a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as all relevant parts of the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor/replacement ("T2") are operational to 
forward the relevant payment]. 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer for 
other than tax reasons or reasons of minimal outstanding principal amount the following applies: 
the Call Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Holder the 
following applies: the Put Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to 
interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which 
may be payable under § 7. 
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantors may deposit 
with the competent authority (Hinterlegungsstelle) at the seat of the Issuer (at the time of issuance of the 
Notes the local court (Amtsgericht) in Berlin-Tiergarten) principal or interest not claimed by Holders within 
twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not be in default of acceptance of 
payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective 
claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
(REDEMPTION) 
(1) 
Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, 
the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
(2) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or 
change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the 
Issuer or the Guarantors, as the case may be, are required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 
herein) on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer or a Guarantor, as the case may be, the 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' 
nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to 
the Holders, at their Final Redemption Amount (as defined above), together with interest (if any) accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption (excluding).

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or the Guarantors would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay 
such Additional Amounts does not remain in effect.  
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the 
date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis 
for the right of the Issuer so to redeem.  
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal 
Outstanding Principal Amount, the following applies:  
[(3)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal 
Amount. 
  
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantors or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantors 
pursuant to the provisions of this § 5 or otherwise (a "Clean-up Call Event"), the Issuer may, on not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders of Notes given within 30 days after the Clean-up Call 
Event, redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined below) plus interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at specified Call 
Redemption Amounts the following applies: 
[(4)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at specific Call Redemption Dates, the following 
applies: 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes at the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant redemption date.  
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
 
 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
[Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at specific Call Redemption Periods, the following 
applies: 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes within the Call Redemption Period(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant redemption date.  
Call Redemption 
Period(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] of this § 5.] 
 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i)  
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii)  
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
 
(iii)  
the relevant redemption date, which shall be not less than [Minimum Notice 
to Holders] nor more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] days after the date on which notice is given by 
the Issuer to the Holders; and 
 
 
(iv)  
the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System.] [In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial redemption the 
outstanding principal amount following such partial redemption will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs 
as either a reduction in nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early Redemption 
Amount the following applies: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), at any time redeem 
all or some only of the Notes (each a "Call Redemption Date") at the Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant Call Redemption Date. 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: 
 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] 
of this § 5.] 
 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i)  
the Series of Notes subject to redemption;

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
(ii)  
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; and 
 
 
(iii)  
the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [Minimum Notice to 
Holders] nor more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] days after the date on which notice is given by the 
Issuer to the Holders. 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System.] [In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial redemption the 
outstanding principal amount following such partial redemption will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs 
as either a reduction in nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: 
[(6)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued interest, if any, 
to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date. 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Put Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [Minimum Notice to 
Issuer] nor more than [Maximum Notice to Issuer] days before the Put Redemption Date on which such 
redemption is required to be made as specified in the Put Redemption Notice (as defined below), submit 
during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed early redemption 
notice ("Put Redemption Notice") in the form available from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and 
the Paying Agents. The Put Redemption Notice must specify (i) the principal amount of the Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised, and (ii) the securities identification number of such Notes, if any. No 
option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
[(7)] 
Early Redemption Amount. 
 
(a) 
For purposes of subparagraph (2) [and (3)] of this § 5 and § 9, the "Early Redemption 
Amount" of a Note shall be its principal amount. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early Redemption 
Amount the following applies: 
 
[(b) For purposes of subparagraph [(5)] of this § 5, the Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall 
be the higher of (i) its Final Redemption Amount and (ii) the Present Value. The "Present Value" will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by discounting the sum of the principal amount of a Note and the 
remaining interest payments to [Maturity Date][first call date] on an annual basis, assuming a 365-day 
year or a 366-day year, as the case may be, and the actual number of days elapsed in such year and using 
the Comparable Benchmark Yield plus [percentage]%. "Comparable Benchmark Yield" means the yield 
at the Redemption Calculation Date on the corresponding [euro denominated benchmark debt security of 
the Federal Republic of Germany] [other relevant benchmark security] [due [maturity], carrying ISIN 
[ISIN], or, if such benchmark security is no longer outstanding on the Redemption Calculation Date, such 
other comparable benchmark security selected as appropriate by the Calculation Agent], [as daily published 
by the Deutsche Bundesbank on its website www.bundesbank.  de,][as appearing around [relevant time] on 
[relevant screen page]], or, if such yield cannot be so determined, the yield determined as aforesaid as 
appearing or published on such other comparable page or pricing source (or, if applicable, at such other 
time on the Redemption Calculation Date) as may be considered to be appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent, in each case as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Note to [Maturity 
Date][first call date], that would be used at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to [Maturity 
Date][first call date]. "Redemption Calculation Date" means the third Payment Business Day prior to the 
relevant Call Redemption Date.] 
§ 6 
(THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT]) 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent and the initial Paying Agent and its initial 
specified office shall be: 
ING Bank N.V. 
Issuer Services 
Attn: Remko Los 
Location Code: TRC 02.039 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Tel.:+31 (0)20 5636619 
Email: iss.pas@ing.com  
 
 
[If the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed as Calculation Agent the following applies: The Fiscal Agent 
shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
[If a Calculation Agent other than the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed the following applies: The 
Calculation Agent and its initial specified office shall be: 
Calculation Agent: [name and specified office]] 
 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agents [and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at any 
time to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same city. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [or the Calculation Agent] and to appoint

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying Agents [or another Calculation Agent]. The Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange (the "Stock 
Exchange") the following applies: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the [name of Stock 
Exchange], a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in [location of Stock 
Exchange] and/or in such other place as may be required by the rules of such stock exchange] [and] [,] 
[(iii)] a Paying Agent in an EU member state, if possible, that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax in 
connection with any payment made in relation to the Notes unless the Paying Agent would be so obliged in 
each other EU Member State if it were located there, [in the case of payments in United States dollar 
the following applies: [and] [(iv)] if payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the 
United States (as defined in § 1(6)) become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of 
exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in United States 
dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City], [and [(v)] a Calculation Agent [if 
Calculation Agent is required to maintain a Specified Office in a Required Location the following 
applies: with a specified office located in [Required Location]]. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 
not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 13. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agents [and the Calculation Agent] act 
solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or 
trust for any Holder. 
§ 7 
(TAXATION) 
 
All payments of principal and interest made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of deduction or withholding by or on behalf of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax (the "Taxing Jurisdiction"), unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. In that event the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as shall result in receipt by the 
Holders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to 
 
(a) 
any taxes that are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent 
on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by 
the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
 
(b) 
payments which are to be withheld or deducted by reason of the relevant Holder having 
some connection with Germany other than the mere holding of the Notes; or 
 
(c) 
payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder where no such withholding or 
deduction would have been required to be made if the Notes were credited at the time of payment to a 
securities deposit account with a bank, financial services institution, securities trading business or securities 
trading bank, in each case outside Germany; or  
 
(d) 
payments where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation concerning the taxation of interest, or (ii) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such taxation and to which Germany or the European Union is a party/are parties, 
or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
 
(e) 
payments pursuant to, or as a consequence of (i) an international agreement, to which 
Germany is a party, or (ii) a directive or regulation passed pursuant to, or in the consequence of, such 
agreement, or

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(f) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who could lawfully mitigate (but has not so mitigated) such withholding or deduction by complying or 
procuring that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that a third 
party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the 
place where the payment is effected; or  
 
(g) 
payments which are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is 
published in accordance with § 13, whichever occurs later; or 
 
(h) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal Revenue 
Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
 
(i) 
any combination of items (a)-(h); 
 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who 
is a fiduciary or partnership or who is other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent 
such payment would be required by the laws of the Taxing Jurisdiction to be included in the income, for tax 
purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, 
member or beneficial owner been the Holder of the Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic 
of Germany at the level of the custodian bank or collecting agent and the solidarity surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the date of issue of the Notes 
do not constitute a tax or duty as described above in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable 
by the Issuer. 
§ 8 
(PRESENTATION PERIOD) 
 
The presentation period provided in Section 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 of the German Civil 
Code (BGB) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT)  
(1)  
Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare due and payable by notice to the Fiscal 
Agent its entire claims arising from the Notes and demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in § 5 [(7)]), together with accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the 
date of repayment, in the event that: 
 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest under the Notes within 30 days from the 
relevant due date, or 
 
(b) 
any Guarantor fails to pay amounts payable under the Guarantee within 30 days from 
the relevant due date, or 
 
(c) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other material obligation arising from the Notes or 
any Guarantor fails to perform any other material obligation arising from the Guarantee and such failure 
continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has received a request thereof in the 
manner set forth in § 9(3) from a Holder to perform such obligation; or 
 
(d) 
(i) any Capital Market Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or 
of any Guarantor or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes prematurely repayable as a result of a default

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
in respect of the terms thereof, or (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or any Guarantor or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries fails to fulfill any payment obligation under any Capital Market Indebtedness or 
under any guarantees or suretyships given for any Capital Market Indebtedness of others within 30 days 
from its due date or, in the case of such guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days of such guarantee or 
suretyship being invoked, given that the obligations under (i) and (ii) above exceed 2 per cent. of the 
balance sheet total of the Issuer, as stated in its latest consolidated balance sheet drawn up in accordance 
with IFRS and unless the Issuer or its relevant Material Subsidiary or the respective Guarantor or its 
relevant Material Subsidiary contests in good faith that such payment obligation exists or is due or that such 
guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked or if a security granted therefor is enforced on behalf of or 
by the creditor(s) entitled thereto; or 
 
(e) 
the Issuer or any Guarantor announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or 
ceases its payments generally; or 
 
(f) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or any Guarantor and such 
proceedings are instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 90 days, or the Issuer or the 
Guarantor applies for or institutes such proceedings; or 
 
(g) 
the Issuer or any Guarantor enters into liquidation unless this is done in connection 
with a merger (Verschmelzung) or other form of transformation under the German Transformation Act 
(Umwandlungsgesetz) or other form of combination with another company and such company assumes all 
obligations contracted by the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor in connection with the Notes or the 
Guarantee; or  
 
(h) any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by the Federal Republic of 
Germany whereby the Issuer or any Guarantor is prevented from observing and performing in full its 
obligations as set forth in these Terms and Conditions and in the Guarantee, respectively, and this situation 
is not cured within 90 days; or 
 
(i) 
the Guarantee ceases to be valid and legally binding. 
(2) 
No Termination. The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has 
been cured before the right is exercised. 
(3) 
Notice. Any default notice in accordance with § 9(1) shall be made by means of a declaration at 
least in text form (section 126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) delivered to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with evidence by means of a certificate of the Holder's 
Custodian (as defined in § 14(3)) that such Holder, at the time of such notice, is a holder of the relevant 
Notes. 
(4) 
Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1) (c) and/or (d), any notice declaring Notes 
due shall, unless at the time such notice is received any of the events specified in subparagraph (1) (a), (b) 
and (e) through (h) entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when 
the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices from the Holders representing at least 25 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding. 
§ 10 
(SUBSTITUTION) 
(1) 
Substitution. The Issuer (reference to which shall always include any previous Substitute Debtor 
(as defined below)) may, at any time, if no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in 
default, without the consent of the Holders, substitute for the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the 
Issuer as the principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes (any 
such company, the "Substitute Debtor"), provided that: 
 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and 
is in a position to fulfill all payment obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes in the Specified 
Currency without, subject to para. (e) below, the necessity of any taxes or duties levied by the country or

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
jurisdiction in which the Substitute Debtor is domiciled (other than taxes which would also be levied in the 
absence of such substitution) to be withheld or deducted at source and to transfer all amounts which are 
required therefore to the Paying Agent without any restrictions, and that in particular all necessary 
authorizations to this effect by any competent authority have been obtained, and, to the extent service of 
process must be effected to the Substitute Debtor outside of Germany, a service of process agent in 
Germany is appointed; 
 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Guarantors if they are not themselves the Substitute Debtor 
irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee in favor of each Holder the payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes on terms equivalent to the terms of the Guarantee (the 
"Substitution Guarantee"); 
 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor, the Issuer and the Guarantors have obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and for the giving by the Issuer 
and the Guarantors if they are not themselves the Substitute Debtor of the Substitution Guarantee in 
respect of the obligations of the Substitute Debtor, that the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the performance by the Substitute Debtor of its 
obligations under the Notes, and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and that 
the obligations assumed by the Substitute Debtor and the Substitution Guarantee given by the Issuer and 
the Guarantors if they are not themselves the Substitute Debtor are each valid and binding in accordance 
with their respective terms and enforceable by each Holder;  
 
(d) 
§ 9 shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be an Event of Default under 
such provision if the Substitution Guarantee shall cease to be valid or legally binding against the Issuer and 
the Guarantors if they are not themselves the Substitute Debtor;  
 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor undertakes to reimburse any Holder for such taxes, fees or duties 
which may be imposed upon such Holder in connection with any payments on the Notes (including taxes or 
duties being deducted or withheld at source), upon conversion or otherwise, as a consequence of the 
assumption of the Issuer's obligations by the Substitute Debtor, provided that such undertaking shall be 
limited to amounts that would not have been imposed upon the Holder had such substitution not occurred; 
and 
 
(f) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each jurisdiction 
affected of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a) through (e) above have been 
satisfied. 
 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of Sections 15 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) held by the Issuer. 
(2) 
Discharge from Obligations. References. Upon a substitution in accordance with this § 10, the 
Substitute Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer as 
issuer and the Notes shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution including 
that the relevant jurisdiction in relation to the Issuer in § 7 shall be the Substitute Debtor's country of 
domicile for tax purposes. Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall apply:  
 
(a) 
in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be 
deemed to have been included in addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
 
(b) 
in § 9(1)(c) to (g) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall 
be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor. 
 
Any such substitution, together with the notice referred to in subparagraph (3) below, shall, in the 
case of the substitution of any other company as principal debtor, operate to release the Issuer as issuer 
from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
(3) 
Notification to Holders. Not later than 15 Payment Business Days after effecting the substitution, 
the Substitute Debtor shall give notice thereof to the Holders and, if any Notes are listed on any stock 
exchange, to such stock exchange in accordance with § 13 and to any other person or authority as required 
by applicable laws or regulations. 
§ 11 
(FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION) 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the settlement date, interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the 
Notes. 
(2) 
Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at 
any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to 
the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made 
available to all Holders of such Notes alike. 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
§ 12 
(AMENDMENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS, JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE) 
(1) 
Resolutions of Holders. The Holders may with consent of the Issuer (if required) by a majority 
resolution pursuant to section 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) (the "SchVG"), as amended from time to time, agree to 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions or resolve any other matters provided for by the SchVG. In 
particular, the Holders may consent to amendments which materially change the substance of the Terms 
and Conditions, including such measures as provided for under section 5 paragraph 3 SchVG by 
resolutions passed by such majority of the votes of the Holders as stated under § 12(2) below. A duly 
passed majority resolution shall be binding upon all Holders. 
(2) 
Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the quorum 
requirements are being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions which materially change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of section 5 paragraph 3 numbers 1 through 9 SchVG, or relating to material other 
matters may only be passed by a majority of at least 75% of the voting rights participating in the vote (a 
"Qualified Majority"). 
(3) 
Passing of resolutions. The Holders can pass resolutions in a meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) 
in accordance with section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote without a meeting (Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 and section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
(4) 
Holders’ meeting. If resolutions of the Holders shall be made by means of a meeting the 
convening notice will provide for further details relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. The 
subject matter of the vote as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to the Holders together with 
the convening notice. Attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders’ 
registration. The registration must be received at the address stated in the convening notice no later than 
the third day preceding the meeting. As part of the registration, Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian (as defined in § 14 (3)) in 
accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not transferable from and including the day such registration 
has been sent until and including the stated end of the meeting. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. Together with casting their votes, Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
§ 14(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating 
that the relevant Notes are not transferable from and including the day such votes have been cast until and 
including the day the voting period ends. 
(6) 
Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the meeting pursuant to § 12(4) or 
the vote without a meeting pursuant to § 12(4), in case of a meeting the chairman may convene a second 
meeting in accordance with Section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote without a 
meeting the scrutineer may convene a second meeting within the meaning of Section 15 paragraph 3 
sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the second meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Holders’ registration. The provisions set out in § 12(4) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Holders’ 
registration for a second meeting.  
(7) 
Holders' representative. [If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes the following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a 
common representative to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder (the "Holders’ 
Representative").  
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. To 
the extent that the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant 
majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The 
regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative.] 
[If the Holders’ Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the following 
applies: The joint representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall be [name and address]. The 
Holders’ Representative shall have the duties and responsibilities and powers provided for by law. The 
liability of the Holders’ Representative shall be limited to ten times of the amount of its annual remuneration, 
unless the Holders’ Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG 
apply with respect to the dismissal of the Holders’ Representative and the other rights and obligations of the 
Holders’ Representative.] 
(8) 
Publication. Any notices concerning this § 12 shall be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions 
of the SchVG. 
(9) 
Guarantee. The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the Guarantee and any Substitution Guarantee. 
§ 13 
(NOTICES) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the 
following applies: 
(1)  
Publication. Subject to § 12 (8), all notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any 
notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first such publication). 
(2)  
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) 
above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the seventh day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to the Clearing System.]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a stock exchange other than on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(1)  
Publication. Subject to § 12 (8), all notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the internet website of the stock exchange with respect to which the Issuer applied 
for listing of the Notes, if the rules of such stock exchange so permit. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the third day following the date of the first such publication). 
(2)  
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on such a stock exchange, 
subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the rules of such stock exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer may 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, 
in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies:  
Notification to Clearing System. Subject to § 12 (8), the Issuer will deliver all notices to the Clearing System 
for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
§ 14 
(APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT) 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders 
and the Issuer, shall be governed in every respect by German law. 
(2) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or any Guarantor 
or to which such Holder and the Issuer or any Guarantor are parties, protect and enforce in his own name 
his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such 
Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the 
date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing 
System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) which has been confirmed by the Clearing 
System; (ii) a copy of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of the 
Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes or (iii) any other means of proof 
permitted in legal proceedings in the country of enforcement. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" 
means any bank or other financial institution of recognized standing authorized to engage in securities 
custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and which 
maintains an account with the Clearing System, and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way 
which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
§ 15 
(LANGUAGE) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
OPTION II –  
Terms and Conditions for Notes without periodic interest payments ("Zero 
Coupon Notes")  
§ 1 
(CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM) 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of Eurogrid GmbH ("Eurogrid" or 
the "Issuer") is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate 
principal amount [in the case the Global Note is an NGN the following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of 
[Aggregate Principal Amount] (in words: [Aggregate Principal Amount in words]) (the "Aggregate 
Principal Amount") in the denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) 
Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note" or the "Global Note"). The Permanent Global Note shall be signed manually 
by authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note the following 
applies: 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note — Exchange. 
  
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in Specified 
Denominations represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" and together 
with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes") without coupons. [In the case of Euroclear and 
CBL and if the Global Note is an NGN the following applies: The details of such exchange shall be 
entered in the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] The Global Notes shall only be valid if each of 
them bears the handwritten signatures of two authorized representatives of the Issuer and the control 
signature of a person instructed by the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes will not be issued. 
 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a 
date (the "Exchange Date") not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Notes. Such exchange 
shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes 
through such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global 
Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the 
date of issue of the Notes will be treated as a request to exchange the Temporary Global Note pursuant 
to subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall 
be delivered only outside of the United States (as defined in § 1(6).] 
(4) 
Clearing System. Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing 
System until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means 
[if more than one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main,] [Clearstream Banking S.A. Luxembourg ("CBL")] [Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV Brussels as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear"),] [additional or alternative Clearing 
System] and any successor in such capacity. [In the case of CBL and Euroclear as Clearing System 
the following applies: "International Central Securities Depositary" or "ICSD" means each of CBL 
and Euroclear (together, the "ICSDs").] 
 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a 
NGN, the following applies: The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
custody by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of 
Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
 
On any redemption or interest payment being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled.]  
 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a 
CGN, the following applies:The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(5) 
Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a NGN, the following applies: On an exchange 
of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
(6) 
United States. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "United States" means the 
United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE AND GUARANTEE) 
(1) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded priority 
under mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer 
undertakes (i) not to grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, land charge, lien or any other security right 
in rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over any or all of its present or future assets, as security for any 
present or future Capital Market Indebtedness or any guarantee or other suretyship in respect of any 
such Capital Market Indebtedness, and (ii) to procure, to the extent legally permissible, that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries will grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, land charge, lien or any other security 
right in rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over any or all of its present or future assets, as security for any 
present or future Capital Market Indebtedness or any guarantee or other suretyship in respect of any 
such Capital Market Indebtedness, unless at the same time the Holders share equally and rateably in 
such security or other security as shall be approved by an independent accounting firm as being 
equivalent security has been made available to Holders.  
 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Capital Market Indebtedness" means any 
obligation for the payment of borrowed money (including contingent liabilities) which is represented by 
any bond or debt security with an original maturity of more than one year which is, or is intended to be, or

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
is capable of being listed or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market. 
(3) 
Guarantee and Negative Pledge.  
 
(a) 
Each of 50Hertz Transmission GmbH and 50Hertz Offshore GmbH (each of them a 
"Guarantor" and together the "Guarantors") has given an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee (the 
"Guarantee") under which the Guarantors jointly and severally guarantee subject to certain limitations 
set out therein for the due and punctual payment of principal of, and interest on, and any other amounts 
payable under any Notes. 
The Guarantee constitutes a contract for the benefit of the Holders from time to time as third party 
beneficiaries in accordance with Section 328 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB)1, giving rise to 
the right of each Holder to require performance of the Guarantee directly from the relevant Guarantor and 
to enforce the Guarantee directly against the relevant Guarantor. Copies of the Guarantee may be 
obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
 
(b) 
Each Guarantor has undertaken in the Guarantee, as long as any of the Notes 
remain outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, (i) not to grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, land charge, lien or any 
other security right in rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over any or all of its present or future assets, as 
security for any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness or any guarantee or other suretyship in 
respect of any such Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 2 (2)), and (ii) to procure, to the extent 
legally possible, that none of its Material Subsidiaries will grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, land 
charge, lien or any other security right in rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over any or all of its present or 
future assets, as security for any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness, unless at the same time 
the Holders share equally and rateably in such security or such other security as shall be approved by an 
independent accounting firm as being equivalent security has been made available to Holders.  
 
(c) 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Material Subsidiary" means a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, or, as applicable, a Guarantor, (i) which, based on the latest audited annual 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer (Konzernabschluss) and the latest audited annual 
financial statements of the relevant Subsidiary, has (x) unconsolidated gross assets (i.e. the sum of fixed 
assets (Anlagevermögen) and current assets (Umlaufvermögen) within the meaning of Section 266 
paragraph 2 of the German Commercial Code (HGB) (without group internal positions) representing 10 
per cent. or more of the consolidated gross assets of the Issuer, (y) unconsolidated operating profits 
before net interest expenses and taxes (without group internal positions) representing 10 per cent. or 
more of the consolidated operating profits before net interest expenses and taxes of the Issuer, or (ii) to 
which all or substantially all of the assets of a Subsidiary which was a Material Subsidiary before such 
transfer having occurred have been transferred, or to which such assets have passed in any other way, 
in which case the disposing entity will cease to be a Material Subsidiary. "Subsidiary" means (i) an entity 
of which a person owns directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of 
ownership or (ii) an entity which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by a person within the meaning of 
Section 17 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz).  
                                                        
1  An English language convenience translation of Section 328 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) reads as follows: 
"A contract may stipulate performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right 
directly to demand performance".

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
§ 3 
(INTEREST) 
(1) 
No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will not be any periodic payments of interest on the 
Notes.  
(2) 
Late Payments. If the Issuer for any reason fails to render any payment of principal in respect 
of the Notes when due, interest shall accrue at the default rate of interest established by statutory law2 on 
the outstanding amount from (and including) the due date to (but excluding) the day on which such 
payment is made to the Holders. 
(3) 
Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means in respect of a Calculation Period (as 
defined below in § 5 [(7)].  
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a 
month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day 
month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February in which case 
the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
§ 4 
(PAYMENTS) 
(1) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of the Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Discharge. The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantors shall be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next such day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day which is 
[In the case the Notes are not denominated in Euro the following applies: a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
[relevant financial center(s)][.][and]]  
                                                        
2  The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, Sections 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
[In the case the Clearing System and T2 shall be open the following applies: a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as all relevant parts of the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor/replacement ("T2") are operational to 
forward the relevant payment]. 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the 
Notes; the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; the Amortized Face Amount of the Notes; [if the 
Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other than tax reasons or reasons of minimal 
outstanding principal amount the following applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if 
the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantors may 
deposit with the competent authority (Hinterlegungsstelle) at the seat of the Issuer (at the time of 
issuance of the Notes the local court (Amtsgericht) in Berlin-Tiergarten) principal or interest not claimed 
by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not be in default 
of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is 
waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
(REDEMPTION) 
(1) 
Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the 
"Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
(2) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or 
change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the 
Issuer or the Guarantors, as the case may be, are required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 
herein) at maturity or upon sale or exchange of any Note, and this obligation cannot be avoided by the 
use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer or a Guarantor, as the case may be, the Notes may 
be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less 
than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the 
Holders, at their Amortized Face Amount (as defined below).  
 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantors would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation 
to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in effect.  
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It shall be irrevocable, must specify 
the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the 
basis for the right of the Issuer so to redeem.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal 
Outstanding Principal Amount, the following applies:  
[(3)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal 
Amount. 
  
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed 
or purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantors or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Issuer or the 
Guarantors pursuant to the provisions of this § 5 or otherwise (a "Clean-up Call Event"), the Issuer may, 
on not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders of Notes given within 30 days after the 
Clean-up Call Event, redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes in whole but not in part at their Amortized 
Face Amount (as defined below).] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at specified Call 
Redemption Amounts the following applies: 
[(4)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at specific Call Redemption Dates, the following 
applies: 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes at the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below.  
Call Redemption Date(s) 
 
 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
[Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at specific Call Redemption Periods, the following 
applies: 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes within the Call Redemption Period(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below.  
 
Call Redemption 
Period(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following 
applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph 
[(6)] of this § 5.]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i)  
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii)  
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in 
part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
 
(iii)  
the relevant redemption date, which shall be not less than [Minimum 
Notice to Holders] nor more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] days after the date on which notice is 
given by the Issuer to the Holders; and 
 
 
(iv)  
the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial redemption the 
outstanding principal amount following such partial redemption will be reflected in the records of the 
ICSDs as either a reduction in nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early Redemption 
Amount the following applies: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), at any time 
redeem all or some only of the Notes (each a "Call Redemption Date") at the Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined below). 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: 
 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph 
[(6)] of this § 5.] 
 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i)  
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii)  
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in 
part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; and 
 
 
(iii)  
the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [Minimum Notice 
to Holders] days nor more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] days after the date on which notice is 
given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System.] [In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial redemption the 
outstanding principal amount following such partial redemption will be reflected in the records of the 
ICSDs as either a reduction in nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: 
[(6)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the 
Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
 
 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
[Put Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [Minimum Notice to 
Issuer] nor more than [Maximum Notice to Issuer] days before the Put Redemption Date on which 
such redemption is required to be made as specified in the Put Redemption Notice (as defined below), 
submit during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed early 
redemption notice ("Put Redemption Notice") in the form available from the specified offices of the 
Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents. The Put Redemption Notice must specify (i) the principal amount of 
the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, and (ii) the securities identification number of 
such Notes, if any. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be 
required to redeem Notes in respect of which such option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to 
the Issuer or to its order.] 
[(7)] 
Amortized Face Amount. 
 
(a) 
The "Amortized Face Amount" of a Note shall be an amount equal to the sum of:  
 
 
 
(i) 
[Reference Price] (the "Reference Price "), and  
 
 
(ii)  
the product of [Amortization Yield] (compounded annually) and the 
Reference Price from (and including) [Issue Date] to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which the Notes become due and payable. 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year (the "Calculation Period") shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined in § 3). 
 
If the Issuer fails to pay the Amortized Face Amount when due, the Amortized Face Amount of 
a Note shall be calculated as provided herein, except that references in subparagraph (a)(ii) above to the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date on which such Note becomes due and 
payable shall refer to the date on which, upon due presentation and surrender of the relevant Note (if 
required), payment is made. In such case, § 3 (2) does not apply.  
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early Redemption 
Amount the following applies: 
 
[(b) For purposes of subparagraph [(5)] of this § 5, the "Early Redemption Amount" of a Note 
shall be the higher of (i) its Amortized Face Amount and (ii) the Present Value. The "Present Value" will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by discounting the sum of the principal amount of a Note using 
the Comparable Benchmark Yield plus [percentage]%. "Comparable Benchmark Yield" means the 
yield at the Redemption Calculation Date on the corresponding [euro denominated benchmark debt 
security of the Federal Republic of Germany] [other relevant benchmark security] [due [maturity], 
carrying ISIN [ISIN], or, if such benchmark security is no longer outstanding on the Redemption 
Calculation Date, such other comparable benchmark security selected as appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent], [as daily published by the Deutsche Bundesbank on its website www.bundesbank.  de,][as 
appearing around [relevant time] on [relevant screen page]], or, if such yield cannot be so determined,

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
the yield determined as aforesaid as appearing or published on such other comparable page or pricing 
source (or, if applicable, at such other time on the Redemption Calculation Date) as may be considered 
to be appropriate by the Calculation Agent, in each case as having a maturity comparable to the 
remaining term of the Note to [Maturity Date][first call date], that would be used at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to [Maturity Date][first call date]. "Redemption Calculation Date" means the 
third Payment Business Day prior to the relevant Call Redemption Date.] 
§ 6 
(THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT]) 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent and the initial Paying Agent and its initial 
specified office shall be: 
ING Bank N.V. 
Issuer Services 
Attn: Remko Los 
Location Code: TRC 02.039 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Tel.:+31 (0)20 5636619 
Email: iss.pas@ing.com  
 
 
[If the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed as Calculation Agent the following applies: The Fiscal Agent 
shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
[If a Calculation Agent other than the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed the following applies: The 
Calculation Agent and its initial specified office shall be: 
Calculation Agent: [name and specified office]] 
 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agents [and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at 
any time to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same city. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [or the Calculation Agent] and to 
appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying Agents [or another Calculation Agent]. The 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange 
(the "Stock Exchange") the following applies: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the 
[name of Stock Exchange], a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in 
[location of Stock Exchange] and/or in such other place as may be required by the rules of such stock 
exchange] [and] [,] [(iii)] a Paying Agent in an EU member state, if possible, that will not be obliged to 
withhold or deduct tax in connection with any payment made in relation to the Notes unless the Paying 
Agent would be so obliged in each other EU Member State if it were located there, [in the case of 
payments in United States dollar the following applies: [and] [(iv)] if payments at or through the 
offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined in § 1(6)) become illegal or are 
effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of such amounts in United States dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New 
York City], [and [(v)] a Calculation Agent [if Calculation Agent is required to maintain a Specified 
Office in a Required Location the following applies: with a specified office located in [Required 
Location]]. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the 
case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance with § 13.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agents [and the Calculation Agent] 
act solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for any Holder. 
§ 7 
(TAXATION) 
 
All payments of principal and interest made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of deduction or withholding by or on behalf of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax (the "Taxing Jurisdiction"), unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. In that event 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as shall result in receipt by the 
Holders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to 
 
(a) 
any taxes that are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
 
(b) 
payments which are to be withheld or deducted by reason of the relevant Holder 
having some connection with Germany other than the mere holding of the Notes; or 
 
(c) 
payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder where no such withholding or 
deduction would have been required to be made if the Notes were credited at the time of payment to a 
securities deposit account with a bank, financial services institution, securities trading business or 
securities trading bank, in each case outside Germany; or  
 
(d) 
payments where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation concerning the taxation of interest, or (ii) any international treaty 
or understanding relating to such taxation and to which Germany or the European Union is a party/are 
parties, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
 
(e) 
payments pursuant to, or as a consequence of (i) an international agreement, to 
which Germany is a party, or (ii) a directive or regulation passed pursuant to, or in the consequence of, 
such agreement; or 
 
(f) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who could lawfully mitigate (but has not so mitigated) such withholding or deduction by complying 
or procuring that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that 
a third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax 
authority in the place where the payment is effected; or  
 
(g) 
payments which are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is 
published in accordance with § 13, whichever occurs later; or  
 
(h) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal 
Revenue Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
 
(i) 
any combination of items (a)-(h); 
 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
who is a fiduciary or partnership or who is other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the 
extent such payment would be required by the laws of the Taxing Jurisdiction to be included in the 
income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such 
partnership or a beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had such 
beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the Holder of the Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal 
Republic of Germany at the level of the custodian bank or collecting agent and the solidarity surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the date of issue of the 
Notes do not constitute a tax or duty as described above in respect of which Additional Amounts would 
be payable by the Issuer. 
§ 8 
(PRESENTATION PERIOD) 
 
The presentation period provided in Section 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 of the German Civil 
Code (BGB) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT)  
(1)  
Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare due and payable by notice to the 
Fiscal Agent its entire claims arising from the Notes and demand immediate redemption thereof at the 
Amortized Face Amount (as described in § 5 [(7)]), in the event that: 
 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest under the Notes within 30 days from the 
relevant due date, or 
 
(b) 
any Guarantor fails to pay amounts payable under the Guarantee within 30 days 
from the relevant due date, or 
 
(c) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other material obligation arising from the Notes or 
any Guarantor fails to perform any other material obligation arising from the Guarantee and such failure 
continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has received a request thereof in the 
manner set forth in § 9(3) from a Holder to perform such obligation; or 
 
(d) 
(i) any Capital Market Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
or of any Guarantor or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes prematurely repayable as a result of a 
default in respect of the terms thereof, or (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or any 
Guarantor or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to fulfill any payment obligation under any Capital 
Market Indebtedness or under any guarantees or suretyships given for any Capital Market Indebtedness 
of others within 30 days from its due date or, in the case of such guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days 
of such guarantee or suretyship being invoked, given that the obligations under (i) and (ii) above exceed 
2 per cent. of the balance sheet total of the Issuer, as stated in its latest consolidated balance sheet 
drawn up in accordance with IFRS and unless the Issuer or its relevant Material Subsidiary or the 
respective Guarantor or its relevant Material Subsidiary contests in good faith that such payment 
obligation exists or is due or that such guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked or if a security 
granted therefor is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto; or 
 
(e) 
the Issuer or any Guarantor announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or 
ceases its payments generally; or 
 
(f) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or any Guarantor and such 
proceedings are instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 90 days, or the Issuer or the 
Guarantor applies for or institutes such proceedings; or

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(g) 
the Issuer or any Guarantor enters into liquidation unless this is done in connection 
with a merger (Verschmelzung) or other form of transformation under the German Transformation Act 
(Umwandlungsgesetz) or other form of combination with another company and such company assumes 
all obligations contracted by the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor in connection with the Notes or the 
Guarantee; or  
 
(h) any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by the Federal Republic 
of Germany whereby the Issuer or any Guarantor is prevented from observing and performing in full its 
obligations as set forth in these Terms and Conditions and in the Guarantee, respectively, and this 
situation is not cured within 90 days; or 
 
(i) 
the Guarantee ceases to be valid and legally binding. 
(2) 
No Termination. The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it 
has been cured before the right is exercised. 
(3) 
Notice. Any default notice in accordance with § 9(1) shall be made by means of a declaration 
at least in text form (section 126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) delivered to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with evidence by means of a certificate of the Holder's 
Custodian (as defined in § 14(3)) that such Holder, at the time of such notice, is a holder of the relevant 
Notes. 
(4) 
Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1) (c) and/or (d), any notice declaring Notes 
due shall, unless at the time such notice is received any of the events specified in subparagraph (1) (a), 
(b) and (e) through (h) entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only 
when the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices from the Holders representing at least 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding. 
§ 10 
(SUBSTITUTION) 
(1) 
Substitution. The Issuer (reference to which shall always include any previous Substitute 
Debtor (as defined below)) may, at any time, if no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes 
is in default, without the consent of the Holders, substitute for the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) 
of the Issuer as the principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with the 
Notes (any such company, the "Substitute Debtor"), provided that: 
 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
and is in a position to fulfill all payment obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes in the 
Specified Currency without, subject to para. (e) below, the necessity of any taxes or duties levied by the 
country or jurisdiction in which the Substitute Debtor is domiciled (other than taxes which would also be 
levied in the absence of such substitution) to be withheld or deducted at source and to transfer all 
amounts which are required therefore to the Paying Agent without any restrictions, and that in particular 
all necessary authorizations to this effect by any competent authority have been obtained, and, to the 
extent service of process must be effected to the Substitute Debtor outside of Germany, a service of 
process agent in Germany is appointed; 
 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Guarantors if they are not themselves the Substitute Debtor 
irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee in favor of each Holder the payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes on terms equivalent to the terms of the Guarantee (the 
"Substitution Guarantee"); 
 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor, the Issuer and the Guarantors have obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and for the giving by the 
Issuer and the Guarantors if they are not themselves the Substitute Debtor of the Substitution Guarantee 
in respect of the obligations of the Substitute Debtor, that the Substitute Debtor has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the performance by the Substitute

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Debtor of its obligations under the Notes, and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and 
effect and that the obligations assumed by the Substitute Debtor and the Substitution Guarantee given by 
the Issuer and the Guarantors if they are not themselves the Substitute Debtor are each valid and 
binding in accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Holder;  
 
(d) 
§ 9 shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be an Event of Default under 
such provision if the Substitution Guarantee shall cease to be valid or legally binding against the Issuer 
and the Guarantors if they are not themselves the Substitute Debtor;  
 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor undertakes to reimburse any Holder for such taxes, fees or 
duties which may be imposed upon such Holder in connection with any payments on the Notes (including 
taxes or duties being deducted or withheld at source), upon conversion or otherwise, as a consequence 
of the assumption of the Issuer's obligations by the Substitute Debtor, provided that such undertaking 
shall be limited to amounts that would not have been imposed upon the Holder had such substitution not 
occurred; and 
 
(f) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each jurisdiction 
affected of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a) through (e) above have 
been satisfied. 
 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of Sections 15 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) held by the Issuer. 
(2) 
Discharge from Obligations. References. Upon a substitution in accordance with this § 10, the 
Substitute Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer 
as issuer and the Notes shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution 
including that the relevant jurisdiction in relation to the Issuer in § 7 shall be the Substitute Debtor's 
country of domicile for tax purposes. Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall 
apply:  
 
(a) 
in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall 
be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
 
(b) 
in § 9(1)(c) to (g) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor. 
 
Any such substitution, together with the notice referred to in subparagraph (3) below, shall, in 
the case of the substitution of any other company as principal debtor, operate to release the Issuer as 
issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes. 
(3) 
Notification to Holders. Not later than 15 Payment Business Days after effecting the 
substitution, the Substitute Debtor shall give notice thereof to the Holders and, if any Notes are listed on 
any stock exchange, to such stock exchange in accordance with § 13 and to any other person or 
authority as required by applicable laws or regulations. 
§ 11 
(FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION) 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the settlement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at 
any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered 
to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be 
made available to all Holders of such Notes alike.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued 
or resold. 
§ 12 
(AMENDMENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS, JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE) 
(1) 
Resolutions of Holders. The Holders may with consent of the Issuer (if required) by a majority 
resolution pursuant to section 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) (the "SchVG"), as amended from time to time, agree to 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions or resolve any other matters provided for by the SchVG. In 
particular, the Holders may consent to amendments which materially change the substance of the Terms 
and Conditions, including such measures as provided for under section 5 paragraph 3 SchVG by 
resolutions passed by such majority of the votes of the Holders as stated under § 12(2) below. A duly 
passed majority resolution shall be binding upon all Holders. 
(2) 
Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the quorum 
requirements are being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions which materially change the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, in particular in the cases of section 5 paragraph 3 numbers 1 through 9 SchVG, or relating to 
material other matters may only be passed by a majority of at least 75% of the voting rights participating 
in the vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
(3) 
Passing 
of 
resolutions. 
The 
Holders 
can 
pass 
resolutions 
in 
a 
meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance with section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote 
without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 and section 5 et 
seqq. of the SchVG. 
(4) 
Holders’ meeting. If resolutions of the Holders shall be made by means of a meeting the 
convening notice will provide for further details relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. The 
subject matter of the vote as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to the Holders together 
with the convening notice. Attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Holders’ registration. The registration must be received at the address stated in the convening notice no 
later than the third day preceding the meeting. As part of the registration, Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian (as defined in 
§ 14(3)) in accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not transferable from and including the 
day such registration has been sent until and including the stated end of the meeting. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. Together with casting their votes, Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with 
§ 14(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian 
stating that the relevant Notes are not transferable from and including the day such votes have been cast 
until and including the day the voting period ends. 
(6) 
Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the meeting pursuant to § 12(4) 
or the vote without a meeting pursuant to § 12(4), in case of a meeting the chairman may convene a 
second meeting in accordance with Section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote 
without a meeting the scrutineer may convene a second meeting within the meaning of Section 15 
paragraph 3 sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the second meeting and exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the Holders’ registration. The provisions set out in § 12(4) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
Holders’ registration for a second meeting. 
(7) 
Holders' representative. [If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes the following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a 
common representative to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder (the "Holders’

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Representative").  
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. 
To the extent that the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the 
Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for 
in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative.] 
[If the Holders’ Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
following applies: The joint representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall be [name and 
address]. The Holders’ Representative shall have the duties and responsibilities and powers provided for 
by law. The liability of the Holders’ Representative shall be limited to ten times of the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders’ Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence. The 
provisions of the SchVG apply with respect to the dismissal of the Holders’ Representative and the other 
rights and obligations of the Holders’ Representative.] 
(8) 
Publication. Any notices concerning this § 12 shall be made exclusively pursuant to the 
provisions of the SchVG. 
(9) 
Guarantee. The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to the Guarantee and any Substitution Guarantee. 
§ 13 
(NOTICES) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the 
following applies: 
(1)  
Publication. Subject to § 12 (8), all notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any 
notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication 
(or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first such publication). 
(2)  
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph 
(1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.]  
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a stock exchange other than the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(1)  
Publication. Subject to § 12 (8), all notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the internet website of the stock exchange with respect to which the Issuer 
applied for listing of the Notes, if the rules of such stock exchange so permit. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published 
more than once, on the third day following the date of the first such publication). 
(2)  
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on such a stock exchange, 
subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the rules of such stock exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer may 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies:  
Notification to Clearing System. Subject to § 12 (8), the Issuer will deliver all notices to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to 
the Clearing System.] 
§ 14 
(APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT) 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed in every respect by German law. 
(2) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or any 
Guarantor or to which such Holder and the Issuer or any Guarantor are parties, protect and enforce in his 
own name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian 
with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name 
and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such 
securities account on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written 
notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) which has been 
confirmed by the Clearing System; (ii) a copy of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by 
a duly authorized officer of the Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need 
for production in such proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes or (iii) 
any other means of proof permitted in legal proceedings in the country of enforcement. For purposes of 
the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognized standing 
authorized to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Notes and which maintains an account with the Clearing System, and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights 
under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
§ 15 
(LANGUAGE) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended or superseded (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
[MiFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. [Insert further details on target market, client 
categories etc.] 
[UK 
MIFIR 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK 
                                                        
1 Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable". 
2 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable".

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate [including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable] [Consider any negative target 
market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable]. [Insert further details on target market, client categories etc.]3 
[Date] 
 
FINAL TERMS 
Eurogrid GmbH 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes]4 
Series: [], Tranche [] 
issued pursuant to the 
€ 15,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
dated 14 April 2023 
of 
Eurogrid GmbH 
guaranteed by  
50Hertz Transmission GmbH and 
50Hertz Offshore GmbH 
Issue Price: [      ] per cent. 
Issue Date: [      ]5 
Trade Date [      ] 
 
These are the Final Terms of an issue of Notes under the € 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of 
Eurogrid GmbH (the "Programme") which have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 (4) of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. Full information on Eurogrid GmbH as issuer, 50Hertz Transmission GmbH 
and 50Hertz Offshore GmbH as guarantors and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of the prospectus dated 14 April 2023 [as supplemented by [a] supplement[s] dated []] 
(the "Prospectus") and these Final Terms, which must be read in conjunction with each other. The 
Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the 
                                                        
3 Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible 
Counterparties only". The legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK 
MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be 
situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are 
included. 
4  
In case Green Bonds are issued, include the term "Green Bond" in the title of the Notes. 
5  The Issue is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Eurogrid 
GmbH 
(https://www.eurogrid.com/de-de/Investor-Relations/Debt-Issuance-Programme) 
and 
copies 
may 
be 
obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and from Eurogrid GmbH, Heidestraße 2, 
10557 Berlin, Germany. 
In case of Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, the Final Terms of Notes will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). In case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange, the Final Terms will be 
displayed on the website of Eurogrid GmbH (https://www.eurogrid.com/de-de/Investor-Relations/Debt-
Issuance-Programme). In case of Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange, copies of the relevant 
Final Terms will only be available to Holders of such Notes.  
[This Tranche of Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with [Title(s) of relevant Tranches of 
Notes] on [●].]6 
[To the extent that they relate to the terms and conditions of the Notes, these Final Terms are also to be 
read together with the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in prospectus dated 13 May 2015 
pertaining to the Programme, as incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.]7 
                                                        
6  
To be inserted in the case that the Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with one or several existing Tranches 
of Notes. 
7  Insert in the case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were issued under the prospectus dated 13 May 2015.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option I A or Option II, 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant 
placeholders, insert: 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") are as set out below.  
[in the case of Fixed Rate Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I or Option I A8 including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[in the case of Zero Coupon Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]]  
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option I A or Option II, 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to 
[Fixed Rate] [Zero Coupon] Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus as [Option I] 
[Option I A]9 [Option II]. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in 
the Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes, shall be 
deemed to be completed with the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items 
in these Final Terms which are either not selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be deemed 
to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions"). 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM (§ 1)  
Currency and Denomination  
Specified Currency  
[      ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount  
[      ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[      ] 
Specified Denomination10 
[      ] 
 Permanent Global Note 
 Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note  
                                                        
8  
In case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tranches have to be identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest commencement 
dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments. 
9  
In case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tranches have to be identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest commencement 
dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments. 
10  At least € 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Global Note11 
 Classical Global Note (CGN) 
 New Global Note (NGN) 
Clearing System 
 Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
 Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
 Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels 
 additional or alternative Clearing System  
[specify details, including address] 
INTEREST (§ 3)  
 Fixed Rate Notes [(Option I)] [(Option I A)]  
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates  
Rate of Interest 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[      ] 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[      ] 
First Interest Payment Date 
[      ] 
Initial Broken Amount  
[      ] 
(per Specified Denomination) 
 
Last Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[      ] 
Final Broken Amount 
(per Specified Denomination) 
[      ] 
Number of regular Interest Payment Dates per calendar year 
[      ] 
 Zero Coupon Notes (Option II)  
Amortized Face Amount 
Reference Price  
[      ] 
Amortization Yield  
[      ] 
Day Count Fraction 
 Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
                                                        
11 Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4)  
Payment Business Day 
 Relevant Financial Center(s) 
[      ] 
 Clearing System and T2 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
Final Redemption 
Maturity Date12 
[      ] 
Early Redemption  
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
[Yes/No] 
reason of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at specified Call Redemption Amounts 
[Yes/No] 
Call Redemption Date(s)  
[Not applicable.][      ] 
Call Redemption Period(s) 
[Not applicable.][      ] 
Call Redemption Amount(s)  
[      ] 
Minimum Notice13 
[      ] 
Maximum Notice  
[      ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early Redemption Amount 
[Yes/No] 
Early Redemption Amount 
Percentage above Comparable Benchmark Yield 
[      ] per cent. 
Relevant benchmark security 
  Euro denominated benchmark debt security of the Federal Republic of Germany 
  Other relevant benchmark security 
[      ] 
  Specification of benchmark security: maturity, ISIN 
[      ] 
  as daily published by the Deutsche Bundesbank on its website www.bundesbank.de 
  Relevant time 
[      ] 
Relevant screen page 
[      ] 
 Maturity Date 
 First call date 
[      ] 
Minimum Notice14 
[      ] 
Maximum Notice 
[      ] 
                                                        
12  Minimum maturity of one year following the Issue Date. 
13  Euroclear requires a minimum notice period of five days. 
14  Euroclear requires a minimum notice period of five days.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
[Yes/No] 
Put Redemption Date(s)  
[      ] 
Put Redemption Amount(s)  
[      ] 
Minimum Notice 
[      ] days 
Maximum Notice (not more than 60 days)  
[      ] days 
THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6)  
Calculation Agent 
[Yes/No] 
  Fiscal Agent 
  Other 
[      ] 
Specified Office 
[      ] 
 Required Location 
[      ] 
 
AMENDMENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS, JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE (§ 12) 
Holder’s Representative 
 No Holder’s Representative is designated in the Conditions. 
 A Holder’s Representative is appointed in the Conditions. 
Name of Holders’ Representative  
[      ] 
Address of Holders’ Representative 
[      ]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Part II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION15 
A. Essential information 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Use of proceeds 
[specify details] 
[Estimated net proceeds16]  
 [      ] 
Eurosystem eligibility17 
 Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes/No] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with (i) in the case of a NGN, one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper, or (ii) in case of a CGN, 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "No" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
B. Information concerning the securities to be admitted to trading 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Common Code 
[      ] 
ISIN 
[      ] 
German Securities Code (WKN) 
[      ] 
Any other securities number 
[      ] 
Yield to final maturity18 
[      ] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue 
of which the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
                                                        
15  There is no obligation to complete Part II. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes that will not be listed on any 
regulated market within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
16  If proceeds are intended for more than one use they will need to be split out and presented in order of priority.  
17  Select "Yes" if the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper or if the Notes 
are in CGN form and to be kept in custody by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. Select "No" if the Notes are in NGN form 
and are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper.  
18  Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
C. 
Distribution 
Method of distribution 
 
 Non-syndicated 
 Syndicated 
Management Details  
Specify Management Group or Dealer (names and addresses)  
[      ] 
Commissions 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[      ] 
Selling Concession (specify)  
[      ] 
Listing Commission (specify)  
[      ] 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
[insert details/None] 
D. Listing(s) and admission to trading  
[Yes/No] 
 Official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange  
 Other 
[      ] 
Date of admission  
[      ] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading 
[      ] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
E. Additional Information 
Rating of the Notes 
[Not applicable] [      ] 
[include brief explanation of the meaning of the 
rating if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in 
the Republic of Ireland and is registered pursuant to 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 
on credit rating agencies, as amended.] [Moody's 
Investor Services is established in the European 
Community and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as most recently amended by the CRA 
Regulation] [specify other rating agency whether the 
relevant rating agency is established in the European 
Community and is registered or has applied for 
registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
amended.] The European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
publishes 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa. eu) a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. That list is updated within five working days 
following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 
or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission 
shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of 
the European Union within 30 days following such 
update.] 
 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer or the Guarantors have 
not independently verified any such information and accept no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
GUARANTEE AND NEGATIVE PLEDGE ("GUARANTEE") 
of  
50Hertz Transmission GmbH, Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany, and of 
50Hertz Offshore GmbH, Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany, 
for the benefit of the holders of notes (the "Notes"), issued by Eurogrid GmbH, Berlin, Germany 
under its € 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") 
 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
Eurogrid GmbH ("Eurogrid" or the "Issuer") intends to issue Notes under the Programme from time 
to time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of which will not exceed the programme amount 
of € 15,000,000,000. 
(B) 
The Notes will be issued with Terms and Conditions under German law (as amended, supplemented 
or modified by the applicable Final Terms, or, subsequent to their issuance, by majority resolution of 
the Holders, the "Conditions"). 
(C) 
Each of 50Hertz Transmission GmbH and 50Hertz Offshore GmbH (each of them a "Guarantor" and 
together, the "Guarantors") intends to give an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee under which 
the Guarantors jointly and severally guarantee subject to certain limitations for the due and punctual 
payment of principal of, and interest on, and any other amounts payable under any Notes. Each 
Guarantor furthermore intends to enter into a negative pledge for the benefit of each Holder of Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme from time to time. 
 
IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS: 
(1) 
Guarantee: Each Guarantor jointly and severally (als Gesamtschuldner) and unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees (garantiert) by way of independent payment obligation (selbständiges 
Zahlungsversprechen) to each Holder of a Note (which expression shall include any Note 
represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note) issued by Eurogrid on or after 
the date hereof under the Programme, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest 
on, the Notes and any other amounts which may be payable under the relevant Note, as and when 
the same shall become due, in accordance with the Conditions. 
(2) 
Status of Guarantee: This Guarantee constitutes an unconditional, irrevocable, unsecured (subject to 
paragraph (4) hereunder) and unsubordinated obligation of the respective Guarantor on a joint and 
several basis, and ranks pari passu with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the respective Guarantor outstanding from time to time, subject to any obligations 
preferred by law. 
(3) 
Payments Free of Taxes: All amounts payable in respect of this Guarantee shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by way of deduction or withholding by or on behalf of the Federal Republic 
of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. In that event the Guarantor shall pay such 
additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as shall result in receipt by the Holders of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to:  
(a) 
any taxes that are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Guarantor from payments of principal or interest made by it; or

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
(b) 
payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder where such Holder (or a fiduciary, 
settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of such Holder, if such Holder is an estate, a trust, 
a partnership or a corporation) is liable to such withholding or deduction by reason of having 
some present or former connection with Germany, including, without limitation, such Holder 
(or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder) being or having been a citizen 
or resident thereof or being or having been engaged in a trade or business or present therein 
or having, or having had, a permanent establishment therein, other than by reason only of the 
holding of such Note or the receipt of the relevant payment in respect thereof or the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived 
from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(c) 
payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder where no such withholding or deduction 
would have been required to be made if the Notes were credited at the time of payment to a 
securities deposit account with a bank, financial services institution, securities trading 
business or securities trading bank, in each case outside Germany; or  
(d) 
payments where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any European Union 
Directive or Regulation concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such taxation and to which Germany or the European Union is a 
party/are parties, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to 
conform with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
(e) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is payable by or on behalf of a Holder 
who could lawfully mitigate (but has not so mitigated) such withholding or deduction by 
complying or procuring that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by 
making or procuring that a third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the payment is effected; or  
(f) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is payable by or on behalf of a Holder 
who would have been able to mitigate such withholding or deduction by effecting a payment 
via another Paying Agent in a member state of the European Union, not obliged to withhold or 
deduct tax; or 
(g) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is for or on account of the presentation 
by the Holder of any Note for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date upon which 
presentation may first be made hereunder; or  
(h) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal 
Revenue Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any 
agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, or any 
fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Internal 
Revenue Code; or 
(i) 
any combination of items (a)-(h); 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder 
who is a fiduciary or partnership or who is other than the sole beneficial owner of such 
payment to the extent such payment would be required by the laws of the Taxing Jurisdiction 
to be included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such 
fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner who would not have been 
entitled to such Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner 
been the Holder of the Note. 
(4) 
Negative Pledge: Each Guarantor undertakes towards each Holder, so long as any of the Notes 
remain outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at 
the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, (i) not to grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, land charge, lien

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
or any other security right in rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over any or all of its present or future 
assets, as security for any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness or any guarantee or other 
suretyship in respect of any such Capital Market Indebtedness s, and (ii) to procure, to the extent 
legally permissible, that none of its Material Subsidiaries will grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
land charge, lien or any other security right in rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over any or all of its 
present or future assets, as security for any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness or any 
guarantee or other suretyship in respect of any such Capital Market Indebtedness, unless at the 
same time the Holders share equally and rateably in such security or such other security as shall be 
approved by an independent accounting firm as being equivalent security has been made available 
to Holders. 
 
For these purposes, "Capital Market Indebtedness" means any obligation for the payment of 
borrowed money (including contingent liabilities) which is represented by any bond or debt security 
with an original maturity of more than one year which is, or is intended to be, or is capable of being 
listed or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market.  
For these purposes, "Material Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, (i) which, based on 
the latest audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer (Konzernabschluss) and the 
latest audited annual financial statements of the relevant Subsidiary, has (x) unconsolidated gross 
assets (i.e. the sum of fixed assets (Anlagevermögen) and current assets (Umlaufvermögen) within 
the meaning of Section 266 paragraph 2 of the German Commercial Code (HGB) (without group 
internal positions) representing 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated gross assets of the Issuer, 
(y) unconsolidated operating profits before net interest expenses and taxes (without group internal 
positions) representing 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated operating profits before net interest 
expenses and taxes of the Issuer, or (ii) to which all or substantially all of the assets of a Subsidiary 
which was a Material Subsidiary before such transfer having occurred have been transferred, or to 
which such assets have passed in any other way, in which case the disposing entity will cease to be 
a Material Subsidiary. "Subsidiary" means (i) an entity of which a person owns directly or indirectly 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of ownership or (ii) an entity which is 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by a person within the meaning of Section 17 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz).  
(5) 
Separate Liability: The obligations of each Guarantor under this Guarantee (i) shall be separate and 
independent from the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes as well as from the obligations of the 
other Guarantor or any other present or future guarantor of the Notes, and (ii) shall exist irrespective 
of the legality, validity and binding effect or enforceability of the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Payment of any amounts under the Guarantee excludes the right of a Holder to demand payment of 
such amounts from the Issuer. Nothing in this Guarantee shall limit own objections or legal defences 
of a Guarantor against a Holder or the non-occurrence of a payment obligation under the Guarantee 
(Nichtvorliegen eines Garantiefalls). 
(6) 
Avoidance of Payments: If a payment of a Guarantor under the Guarantee was challenged or 
reduced in an insolvency or liquidation or on a similar legal basis, the obligations of the Guarantors 
remain as if the payment, the waiver, reduction or avoidance would not have occurred. 
(7) 
Extension to obligations of Substitute Debtor: The obligations of each Guarantor under this 
Guarantee shall, without any further act or thing being required to be done or to occur, extend to the 
obligations of any Substitute Debtor which is not the Guarantor arising in respect of any Note by 
virtue of a substitution pursuant to the Conditions. 
(8) 
Contract for the benefit of third parties: This Guarantee constitutes a contract for the benefit of the 
Holders from time to time as third party beneficiaries pursuant to Sec. 328 (1) of the German Civil 
Code (BGB). They give rise to the right of each such Holder to require performance of the obligations 
undertaken herein directly from each Guarantor, and to enforce such obligations directly against 
each Guarantor.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Any Holder has the right in case of non-performance of any payments on the Notes to enforce the 
Guarantee by filing a suit directly against the respective Guarantor without the need to take prior 
proceedings against the Issuer.  
(9) 
Limitations on Enforcement: The enforcement of claims under the Guarantee is subject to the 
following limitations (the "Limitations on Enforcement"):  
(a)  
No Holder nor any other person shall be entitled to enforce the Guarantee against a Guarantor 
if (i) the Guarantee secures an obligation of an affiliated company (verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of Section 15 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) (the "Stock Corporation Act") (in each case other than any of the relevant 
Guarantor's direct or indirect subsidiaries), and (ii) the enforcement of the Guarantee would 
cause  
(x) 
the relevant Guarantor’s net assets (Nettovermögen) (the "Net Assets") to be less than 
its stated share capital (Stammkapital) (Begründung einer Unterbilanz), or 
(y) 
(if its Net Assets are already lower than its stated share capital) such amount to be 
further reduced (Vertiefung einer Unterbilanz), 
and thereby affects its assets which are required for the obligatory preservation of its stated 
share capital according to Section 30 et seq. of the German Limited Liability Companies 
Act (Gesetz betreffend die Gesellschaften mit beschränkter Haftung) (the "GmbH-Act") 
(each, a "Capital Impairment"); or 
(z) 
such Guarantor demonstrates that such enforcement has the effect that the Guarantor 
would be unable to make payments as they fall due (Zahlungsunfähigkeit), thereby 
taking into account all possible measures in order to increase its liquidity 
(Zahlungsfähigkeit) to the extent necessary to satisfy the amounts demanded under this 
Guarantee (a "Liquidity Impairment").  
(b) 
For the purpose of determining whether a Capital Impairment has occurred: 
(i) 
any recourse claim (Rückgriffsanspruch) which the relevant Guarantor has, or would 
acquire against a shareholder or another affiliate in the meaning of section 15 of the 
Stock Corporation Act as a result of the enforcement of the Guarantee, shall be taken 
into account to the extent that such recourse claim is valuable (werthaltig). To the 
extent that there is such valuable (werthaltig) recourse claim, no Limitations on 
Enforcement apply;  
(ii) 
the value of the Net Assets shall be determined in accordance with accounting 
principles generally accepted in Germany from time to time consistently applied by the 
relevant Guarantor in preparing its unconsolidated balance sheets (Jahresabschluss 
according to Section 42 of the GmbH-Act and Sections 242 and 264 of the German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch)) in the previous years;  
(iii) 
in case the stated share capital of the relevant Guarantor is not fully paid up (nicht voll 
eingezahlt) and has not been demanded (nicht eingefordert), the amount which is not 
paid up and not demanded shall be deducted from the stated share capital; 
(iv) 
the amount of any increase of the relevant Guarantor's stated share capital that has 
been effected out of retained earnings (Kapitalerhöhung aus Gesellschaftsmitteln) shall 
be disregarded to the extent that such increase would cause such Guarantor’s Net 
Assets to fall below its stated share capital. 
(c) 
The Limitations on Enforcement do not apply to a Guarantor:  
(i) 
if and to the extent that such Guarantor’s managing directors (Geschäftsführer) on 
behalf of such Guarantor have not notified (in accordance with § 13 of the Conditions 
(Notices)) the relevant Holder in writing within 15 Guarantee Business Days after the

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Holder has notified such Guarantor of its intention to demand payment under the 
Guarantee that a Capital Impairment or Liquidity Impairment would occur (setting out in 
reasonable detail (including an up-to-date balance sheet) to what extent a Capital 
Impairment or Liquidity Impairment would occur and establishing prima facie evidence 
(glaubhaft machen) that the measures undertaken in accordance with Clause (8)(d)(i) 
below would not prevent such Capital Impairment or Liquidity Impairment); (A 
"Guarantee Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks are open for general business in Amsterdam (The Netherlands), London 
(United Kingdom), Luxembourg (Luxembourg), Berlin and Frankfurt am Main 
(Germany)) and/or 
(ii) 
if such Guarantor has not provided (in accordance with § 13 of the Conditions 
(Notices)) an Auditors’ Determination (as defined below) to the relevant Holder within 
45 days from the date the Holder has received the written notice by the managing 
director(s) (Geschäftsführer) of such Guarantor referred to above; and/or 
(iii) 
in relation to amounts that correspond to such part of the issuance proceeds of the 
Notes (if any) that have been on-lent or otherwise passed on to such Guarantor or any 
of its subsidiaries and have not been repaid by such Guarantor; and/or 
(iv) 
with regards to a Limitation of Enforcement due to a Capital Impairment only, if and so 
long as a domination agreement (Beherrschungsvertrag) and/or a profit and loss 
transfer agreement (Gewinn- und Verlustabführungsvertrag) (either directly or through a 
chain of domination and/or profit and loss transfer agreements) is or becomes effective 
between such Guarantor and the Issuer, unless the relevant Guarantor would not be 
able to recover (including being restricted from enforcing or exercising any right to 
recover) the annual loss (Jahresfehlbetrag) which the Issuer in its capacity as 
dominating entity (herrschendes Unternehmen) is obliged to pay pursuant to Section 
302 Stock Corporation Act; and/or 
(v) 
if and to the extent, at the time of enforcement of the Guarantee, the restrictions under 
Clause (9)(a) are, due to a change of the applicable laws or otherwise, not required to 
protect the managing directors of the relevant Guarantor or of any of its direct or 
indirect shareholders from the risk of personal liability; and/or 
(vi) 
if and to the extent that a Guarantor is legally permitted to take measures (including, 
without limitation, setting-off claims) to avoid the demanding of payment under the 
Guarantee causing a Capital Impairment provided that it is commercially justifiable to 
take such measures. 
(d) 
If any Guarantor intends to demonstrate that the enforcement of the Guarantee would lead to 
the occurrence of a Capital Impairment or a Liquidity Impairment, then such Guarantor shall: 
(i) 
realise at market value all of its assets that are shown in its balance sheet with a book 
value (Buchwert) which is significantly lower than its market value and which are not 
necessary for such Guarantor’s business (nicht betriebsnotwendig), to the extent 
necessary to satisfy the amounts demanded under the Guarantee; and 
(ii) 
instruct, at its own cost and expense, an independent accounting firm of international 
standing to determine whether (and, if so, to what extent) payment under the 
Guarantee would cause a Capital Impairment or Liquidity Impairment, taking into 
account the adjustments set forth under Clauses (9)(b), (9)(c) and (9)(d)(i) (the 
"Auditors’ Determination"). 
(e) 
The Limitations on Enforcement do not affect the right of the Holders to claim again any 
outstanding amount under the Guarantee at a later point in time if and to the extent that 
Clause (9) would allow this at that later point in time.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
(10) 
ING Bank N.V., which accepted this Guarantee, in its capacity as Fiscal Agent does not act in a 
relationship of agency or trust, a fiduciary or in any other similar capacity for the Holders. 
(11) 
Exercise of Guarantors’ Rights: So long as any sum remains payable under the Notes or this 
Guarantee, no right of the Guarantors, by reason of the performance of any of its obligations under 
this Guarantee, to be indemnified by the Issuer or to take the benefit of or enforce any security or 
other guarantee or indemnity shall be exercised or enforced. For the avoidance of doubt, this shall 
not apply to any claim pursuant to, or within the meaning of, Section 302 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act or any successor provision. 
(12) 
Amendment of Guarantee: The Holders may consent to amendments of this Guarantee by majority 
resolution passed in accordance with § 12 of the Conditions, provided that no obligation to make any 
payment or render any other performance shall be imposed on any Holder by majority resolution. 
Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for identical 
conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented 
to their being treated disadvantageously.  
(13) 
Terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to them in the 
Conditions. 
(14) 
This Guarantee shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, German law. 
(15) 
This Guarantee is written in the English language only. 
(16) 
Place of performance shall be Berlin.  
(17) 
Non-exclusive place of jurisdiction for all legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with this 
Guarantee against the Guarantors shall be Frankfurt am Main.  
14 April 2023 
50Hertz Transmission GmbH 
50Hertz Offshore GmbH 
 
 
We accept the terms of the above Guarantee without recourse, warranty or liability. 
14 April 2023 
ING Bank N.V.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes. If in respect of 
any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the proceeds of any Tranche of Notes issued may be used to 
finance and/or refinance specified ESG Projects if specified so in accordance with certain prescribed 
eligibility criteria set out in the Green Bond Framework of the Issuer for which a Second Party Opinion has 
been provided and which both can be viewed on the Issuer’s website (https://www.eurogrid.com/en-
us/Investor-Relations/Green-Financing). For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Bond Framework 
nor the Second Party Opinion are incorporated into or form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF THE NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX 
ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION 
OF BONDS, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF 
GERMANY AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS. THE RESPECTIVE RELEVANT 
TAX LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may 
be for a specific issue (the "Dealer of the Day") or on an ongoing basis (together, the "Dealers"). The 
Notes will be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each 
Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers specified herein and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer. The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers 
are set out in a dealer agreement dated on or about 14 April 2023 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made 
between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers specified herein. Any such agreement will, inter alia, 
make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes 
will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or 
allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other 
Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. A 
subscription agreement prepared in connection with a particular Tranche of Notes, if any, will typically be 
dated on or about the respective date of the Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes.  
No public offering 
No action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would 
permit a public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, 
in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons who have access to this 
Prospectus are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
each country or jurisdictions in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver the Notes or have in their 
possession or distribution such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes the Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantors, 
nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
United States of America (the "United States") 
(a) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will 
not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States 
except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that, 
except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, it has not offered or 
sold, and will not offer or sell, any Note within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of 
U.S. persons (i) as part of its distribution at any time, or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
the commencement of the offering or the closing date, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it 
sells Notes during the 40-day restricted period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S.  
Accordingly, each Dealer has further represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, its 
affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed 
selling efforts with respect to any Note. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United 
States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
The Notes may not be purchased by or transferred to any employee benefit plan subject to Title I of 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, any plan or arrangement 
subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any entity 
whose underlying assets include the assets of any such employee benefit plans, plans or 
arrangements.  
(b) From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make 
the representation set forth in Clause 4 (1) (p) of the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer 
(i) acknowledges that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act; (ii) represents, warrants and undertakes that it has not offered, sold or delivered any Notes, and 
will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time or (y) otherwise until 
40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and closing date, except in accordance 
with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act; and accordingly, (iii) further represents, 
warrants and undertakes that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) also 
agrees that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer 
or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, except in either case in 
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act." 
(c) Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a Tranche 
of Notes issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such 
Tranche purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the relevant Lead Manager) 
shall determine and notify to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer the completion of the distribution of the 
Notes of such Tranche.  
(d) With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer represents, warrants and undertakes that it has not 
entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or 
delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors, if applicable.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
(e) Notes will be issued (i) in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the "TEFRA C Rules"), or (ii) in 
accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the "TEFRA D Rules"), as specified in the Final Terms. 
In addition, where the TEFRA C Rules are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche 
of Notes, Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection 
with their original issuance. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it, in connection 
with the original issuance of Notes has not offered sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly 
or indirectly, Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. 
Further, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken in connection with the original issuance of 
Notes, that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective 
purchaser if either such Dealer or such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not 
otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder, including 
the TEFRA C Rules. 
In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the TEFRA D Rules, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and undertaken that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (y) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver 
within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such 
Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes 
of resale, in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own 
account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended); and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering or 
selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) has repeated and confirmed 
the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such affiliate's 
behalf or (y) has agreed that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the purchaser of the 
Notes and the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) 
above.  
Terms used in this paragraph (e) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and regulations thereunder, including the TEFRA D Rules. 
European Economic Area  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended ("MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(b) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of a resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuer and each Guarantor in respect of information on itself only, accept responsibility for the 
information given in this Prospectus. The Issuer and each Guarantor hereby declares that, having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus for which it is 
responsible is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to 
affect its import.  
ING Bank N.V. in its capacity as fiscal agent and listing agent, does not accept any responsibility 
whatsoever for the contents of this Prospectus nor for any other statements made or purported to be made 
by either themselves or on their behalf in connection with Eurogrid. Accordingly, ING Bank N.V. disclaims 
any and all liability, whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise in respect of this Prospectus and/or any 
such statement. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer and 
its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for Eurogrid 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Furthermore, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives 
and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. 
Moreover, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by the Managing Board of the Issuer and 
the shareholder of the Issuer on 11 May 2015.  
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. The 
Guarantors have obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the Guarantee and performance of their obligations under the Guarantee.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Programme to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. Notes may further be issued under 
the Programme which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Neue Börsenstraße 1, 
60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF"), Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Kingdom of Belgium ("Euroclear"). The appropriate German 
securities number ("WKN") (if any), Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by CBF, 
CBL and Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an 
additional or alternative Clearing System the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent  
The Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent is ING Bank N.V., Bijlmerdreef 106, 1102 CT Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent  
The Luxembourg Listing Agent is ING Luxembourg SA, 26, Place de la Gare, L-2965 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Documents on Display 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under this Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available free of charge during normal business hours from the registered office of the 
Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents: 
(i) 
this Prospectus; 
(ii) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus; 
(iii) 
any supplements to this Prospectus; 
(iv) 
the Guarantee; 
(v) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation where applicable) of each of the Issuer, 
50Hertz and 50Hertz Offshore; 
(vi) 
the most current version of the Green Bond Framework; and 
(vii) 
the most current version of the Second Party Opinion in relation to the Green Bond Framework. 
This Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Prospectus will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.lu) and on the website of the 
Issuer (https://www.eurogrid.com/de-de/Investor-Relations/Debt-Issuance-Programme). 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will be 
displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Notes listed 
on any other stock exchange, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.eurogrid.com/de-de/Investor-Relations/Debt-Issuance-Programme).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the 
omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer has independently verified any such information and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer 
accepts any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The pages specified below of the following documents, which have been published or which are published 
simultaneously with this Prospectus and filed with the CSSF, shall be incorporated by reference in, and form 
part of, this Prospectus:  
Audited consolidated financial statements of Eurogrid GmbH as of and for the fiscal year ended 
31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS, included in the consolidated financial 
statements for fiscal year 2021 of Eurogrid GmbH and the independent auditor’s report thereon 
(English language version)  
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
2 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
3 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
4 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity  
5 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
6 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
7 – 74 
Independent auditor’s report 
77 – 85 
https://www.eurogrid.com/Portals/1/Content/Investor%20Relations/Debt%20Issuance%20Programme/Inclu
ded%20Documents/2021/Eurogrid%20GmbH%20Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements%20and%20A
uditor's%20Report_2021.pdf?ver=2022-05-12-102758-627 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Eurogrid GmbH as of and for the fiscal year ended 
31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS, included in the consolidated financial 
statements for fiscal year 2022 of Eurogrid GmbH and the independent auditor’s report thereon 
(English language version)  
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
2 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
3 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
4 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity  
5 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
6 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
7 – 76 
Independent auditor’s report 
77 – 85 
https://www.eurogrid.com/Portals/1/Content/Investor%20Relations/Debt%20Issuance%20Programme/Inclu
ded%20Documents/2022/Eurogrid%20GmbH%20Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements%20and%20A
uditor's%20Report%202022.pdf?ver=2cuNgPIH-Pph67Ld3m81DQ%3d%3d  
Audited annual financial statements of 50Hertz Transmission GmbH as of and for the fiscal year 
ended 31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with HGB, included in the Financial statements of 
50Hertz Transmission GmbH, Berlin as of 31 December 2021 and the independent auditor’s report 
thereon (English language version)  
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
Statement of financial position 
3 
Income statement  
4

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Statement of cash flows  
5 
 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
6 – 31 
Statement of changes in fixed assets (part of the notes to the financial statements)  
32 
Independent auditor’s report 
33 – 38 
https://www.eurogrid.com/Portals/1/Content/Investor%20Relations/Debt%20Issuance%20Programme/Inclu
ded%20Documents/2021/50Hertz%20Transmission%20GmbH%20Financial%20Statements%20and%20A
uditor's%20Report%202021.pdf?ver=2022-05-12-102750-127 
Audited annual financial statements of 50Hertz Transmission GmbH as of and for the fiscal year 
ended 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with HGB, included in the Financial statements of 
50Hertz Transmission GmbH, Berlin as of 31 December 2022 and the independent auditor’s report 
thereon (English language version)  
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
Statement of financial position 
3 
Income statement  
4 
Statement of cash flows  
5 
Notes to the financial statements 
6 – 30 
Statement of changes in fixed assets (part of the notes to the financial statements)  
31 
Independent auditor’s report 
33 – 39 
https://www.eurogrid.com/Portals/1/Content/Investor%20Relations/Debt%20Issuance%20Programme/Inclu
ded%20Documents/2022/50Hertz%20Transmission%20GmbH%20Financial%20Statements%20and%20A
uditor's%20Report%202022.pdf?ver=gdidrsFoul2ir5jNNX20Mg%3d%3d  
Audited annual financial statements of 50Hertz Offshore GmbH as of and for the fiscal year ended 
31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with HGB, included in the Annual financial statements of 
50Hertz Offshore GmbH, Berlin December 31, 2021 and independent auditor’s report thereon 
(English language version)  
 
page(s) of the pdf 
document 
Balance sheet  
3 
Income statement 
4 
Statement of cash flows 
5 
Notes to the financial statements 
6 – 16 
Statement of changes in fixed assets (part of the notes to the financial statements) 
17 
Independent auditor’s report 
18 – 21 
 
https://www.eurogrid.com/Portals/1/Content/Investor%20Relations/Debt%20Issuance%20Programme/Inclu
ded%20Documents/2021/50Hertz%20Offshore%20GmbH%20Financial%20Statements%20and%20Auditor
's%20Report%202021.pdf?ver=2022-05-12-102743-770

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Audited annual financial statements of 50Hertz Offshore GmbH as of and for the fiscal year ended 
31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with HGB, included in the Annual financial statements of 
50Hertz Offshore GmbH, Berlin December 31, 2022 and independent auditor’s report thereon 
(English language version)  
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
Balance sheet  
3 
Income statement 
4 
Statement of cash flows 
5 
 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
6 – 15 
Statement of changes in fixed assets (part of the notes to the financial statements) 
16 
Independent auditor’s report 
17 – 20 
 
https://www.eurogrid.com/Portals/1/Content/Investor%20Relations/Debt%20Issuance%20Programme/Inclu
ded%20Documents/2022/50Hertz%20Offshore%20GmbH%20Financial%20Statements%20and%20Auditor
's%20Report%202022.pdf?ver=QNSXqpOognOIijKPD6MDzQ%3d%3d  
 
The financial statements and independent auditor’s reports mentioned above are English language 
translations of the respective German language audited financial statements and independent auditor’s 
reports. The respective independent auditor’s reports refer to the respective consolidated financial 
statements and group management reports of Eurogrid GmbH, the respective annual financial statements 
and management reports of 50Hertz Transmission GmbH and the respective annual financial statements 
and management reports of 50Hertz Offshore GmbH, each as a whole, and not solely to the respective 
consolidated financial statements or annual financial statements incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. 
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 May 2015 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Option I A) 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
Set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates  
51 – 68 
 
https://www.eurogrid.com/Portals/1/Content/Investor%20Relations/Debt%20Issuance%20Programme/Pros
pectus/2015/20150513%20Eurogrid%20GmbH%20Prospectus.pdf?ver=2015-05-13-162428-000 
Any information not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus but contained in one of the documents 
mentioned as source documents in the cross-reference lists above is either not relevant for investors or 
covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Availability of documents incorporated by reference 
All documents incorporated herein by reference are available free of charge and may be inspected during 
usual business hours on any working day from the date hereof for the whole life of the Prospectus at the 
offices of Eurogrid GmbH as set out at the end of this Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be 
available free of charge and may be inspected during usual business hours on any working day from the 
date hereof for the whole life of the Prospectus at the principal office in Luxembourg of ING Luxembourg SA 
for Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and will be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
ISSUER 
Eurogrid GmbH 
Heidestraße 2 
10557 Berlin 
Federal Republic of Germany  
GUARANTORS 
50Hertz Transmission GmbH 
Heidestraße 2 
10557 Berlin 
Federal Republic of Germany 
50Hertz Offshore GmbH 
Heidestraße 2 
10557 Berlin 
Federal Republic of Germany 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
ING Bank N.V. 
Bijlmerdreef 106 
1102 CT Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
ING Luxembourg SA 
26, Place de la Gare 
L-2965 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
ARRANGERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar, planta baja, 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets NV 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar, planta baja, 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantors as to German law 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
To the Dealers as to German law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
To the Guarantors 
BDO AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft  
Katharina-Heinroth-Ufer 1 
10787 Berlin 
Federal Republic of Germany 
BDO AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft  
Katharina-Heinroth-Ufer 1 
10787 Berlin 
Federal Republic of Germany