--- Page 1 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Bookrunners: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Luxembourg, 18 March 2022

--- Page 2 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Euronav Luxembourg S.A.’s 
(the Company) and Guarantors’ (including subsidiaries and affiliates) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Bookrunners, available at their websites 
(www.arctic.com, www.dnb.no, www.nordea.no andwww.seb.no).  
 
The Joint Bookrunners and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a 
market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and may 
perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Joint 
Bookrunners' corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company and/or 
Guarantors in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country without any further need for approval. However, the Issuer will request the 
Norwegian FSA for passporting of the Base Prospectus if it is going to be used abroad. No other measures have 
been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Prospectus dated 18 March 2022 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these documents 
constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE OFFERING PROGRAMME .........................................................4 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................5 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 14 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 15 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR .................................................. 16 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 18 
7 ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE ........................................................................................ 26 
8 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 29 
9 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 30 
10 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................ 35 
11 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 36 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 40 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 41 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 51 
JOINT BOOKRUNNERS' DISCLAIMER .................................................................................... 52 
ANNEXES 1.1.1 – 1.1.2 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR EURONAV LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
AND EURONAV NV .................................................................................................. 53 
ANNEXES 2.1.1 – 2.1.5 FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR EURONAV LUXEMBOURG S.A. ............... 54 
ANNEX 3 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 55

--- Page 4 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
4
General description of the offering programme 
 
Under this Base Prospectus (as supplemented and amended from time to time), the Issuer may from time to time 
issue and list bonds (“Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer.  
 
The Bonds will be issued on a senior basis as secured or unsecured, with fixed or floating interest rate. The Bonds 
may have put- and call options and they may be green or sustainability-linked. 
 
The Bonds will be electronically registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository or any other CSD that 
allows for bonds issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. 
 
There is no limit with regard to the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all bonds from time to time outstanding 
under the prospectus. However, each issue of bonds will have either a given borrowing amount in the case where 
there is only one tranche, or a given borrowing limit in the case of more than one tranche.     
 
The Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to any dealer that the Issuer decides upon.  
 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) as a base prospectus issued in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the bonds issued 
under the prospectus. The Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 5 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
5
1 Risk factors   
 
Investing in Bonds issued by Euronav Luxembourg and guaranteed by Euronav NV involves inherent risks. The 
risks and uncertainties described in this Base Prospectus are risks of which the Euronav NV and its subsidiaries 
(the “Group”) are aware and consider to be material to its business. For the purpose of this Base Prospectus, the 
risk factors for the Issuer and for the Guarantor are deemed to be equivalent. If any of these risks were to occur, 
the Group’s business, financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, and 
the Group could be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Bonds.  
 
Prospective investors should carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus, 
before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are risks that management 
currently views as most material and are (in each category), in the assessment of the Group, after making due and 
reasonable efforts, aspired to be set out in order of priority taking into account the negative impact on the Group 
should such risks materialize, and the likelihood of their occurrence. An investment in the Bonds is suitable only for 
investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type of investment and who can afford a loss of all or 
part of their investment. Any investor must conduct its own investigations and analysis of the Group and should 
consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability of any investment. 
 
Risks related to Euronav’s business 
 
Cyclicality and volatility may lead to reductions and volatility in charter rates, vessel values, earnings and 
available cash flow. 
 
The tanker industry, in which the Issuer and Guarantor operate, is both cyclical and volatile in terms of charter rates 
and profitability. The Issuer and Guarantor expect continued volatility in market rates for its vessels in the 
foreseeable future with a consequent effect on its short- and medium-term liquidity. A worsening of the current 
global economic conditions may adversely affect the Group’s ability to charter or re-charter its vessels or to sell 
them on the expiration or termination of their charters, or any renewal or replacement charters that the Group enters 
into may not be sufficient to allow the Group to operate its vessels profitably. This is certainly true for the spot market 
on which a majority of the Group’s vessels are being chartered out. The Group’s revenues are indeed affected by 
its strategy to employ some of its vessels on time charters, which have a fixed income for a pre-set period of time 
as opposed to trading ships in the spot market where their earnings are heavily impacted by the supply and demand 
balance. The Group’s ability to renew expiring contracts or obtain new charters will depend on the prevailing market 
conditions at the time.  
The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is dynamic and expanding. The continuation of this outbreak 
likely will have, and the emergence of other epidemic or pandemic crises could have, material adverse 
effects on the Group’s business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 
The outlook for global oil and tanker demand, both essential factors in the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s business, is 
highly uncertain due to the continuing development of the COVID-19 outbreak and its impact on the global economy. 
The extent of the decline is unknown and will depend on how long current restrictions over travel and economic 
activity in many countries across the globe remain in place. Governments have approved large stimulus packages 
to mitigate the effects of the sudden decline in economic activity caused by the COVID-19 pandemic; however, the 
Issuer cannot predict the extent to which these measures will restore or sustain the business and financial condition 
of the Group. The timing of a potential recovery in economic activity, and therefore oil demand, continues to be 
uncertain and the Group may see a period of reduced oil shipments and a decreased demand for our vessels and 
lower charter rates, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash 
flows, financial condition and its ability to repay the Bonds, including interest payments. 
 
The current pandemic may have several effects, including but not limited to: deterioration of economic conditions 
and activity and of demand for oil and other petroleum products; operational disruptions to the Group (such as but 
not limited to crew rotation and crew fatigue) or the Group’s customers due to worker health risks and the effects of 
new regulations, directives or practices implemented in response to the pandemic (such as travel restrictions for 
individuals and vessels and quarantining and physical distancing); potential delays in (a) the loading and 
discharging of cargo on or from our vessels, (b) vessel inspections and related certifications by class societies, 
customers or government agencies and (c) maintenance (including access to spare parts), modifications or repairs 
to, or drydocking of, the Group’s existing vessels due to worker health or other business disruptions; reduced cash 
flow and financial condition, including potential liquidity constraints; potential reduced access to capital as a result 
of any credit tightening generally or due to continued declines in global financial markets; potential reduced ability 
to opportunistically sell any of the Group’s vessels on the second-hand market, either as a result of a lack of buyers 
or a general decline in the value of second -hand vessels; potential decreases in the market values of the Group’s 
vessels and any related impairment charges or breaches relating to vessel-to-loan financial covenants; potential 
disruptions, delays or cancellations in the construction of new vessels, which could reduce the Group’s future growth 
opportunities; potential non-performance by counterparties relying on force majeure clauses and potential

--- Page 6 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
6
deterioration in the financial condition and prospects of the Group’s customers, joint venture partners or other 
business partners. Although disruption and effects from the COVID-19 pandemic may be temporary, given the 
dynamic nature of these circumstances, the duration of business disruption and the related financial impact can still 
not be reasonably estimated at this time, but could materially affect the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and our ability to repay the Bonds, including interest payments. For 2020, extra costs related to 
COVID-19, due to deviations to facilitate crew changes costed USD 1.8 million and less revenue because of off hire 
costed USD 4.2 million. 
An economic slowdown or changes in the economic and political environment in the Asia Pacific region 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
A significant number of port calls made by the Group’s vessels involve loading or discharging operations in ports in 
the Asia Pacific region. As a result, any negative changes in economic conditions in any Asia Pacific country, 
particularly in China, may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations, as well as its future prospects. Before the global economic financial crisis that began in 2008, China 
had one of the world's fastest growing economies in terms of gross domestic product, or GDP, which had a 
significant impact on shipping demand. The quarterly year-over-year growth rate of China's GDP decreased to 2.3% 
for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to 6.0% for the year ended December 31, 2019, and continues 
to remain below pre-2008 levels. The Group can provide no assurances that the Chinese economy will not continue 
to contract in the future.  
Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, lenders and other market participants with 
respect to our Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) policies may impose additional costs on the 
Issuer or Guarantor or expose us to additional risks. 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, both active in the fossil fuel industry, are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their 
ESG policies.  
 
The Group may face increasing pressures from investors, lenders and other market participants, who are 
increasingly focused on climate change, to prioritize sustainable energy practices, reduce our carbon footprint and 
promote sustainability. As a result, the Group may be required to implement more stringent ESG procedures or 
standards so that its existing and future investors and lenders remain invested in the Group and make further 
investments, especially given the highly focused and specific trade of crude oil transportation in which the Group is 
engaged. If the Group does not meet these standards, its business and/or ability to access capital could be harmed. 
In this regard, for instance, the Group hired a dedicated ESG manager in order to better mitigate these 
developments. 
 
Additionally, certain investors and lenders may exclude oil transport companies, such as the Issuer and Guarantor, 
from their investing portfolios altogether due to environmental, social and governance factors. These limitations in 
both the debt and equity capital markets may affect the Group’s ability to grow as its plans for growth may include 
accessing the equity and debt capital markets. As a result, the Group may be unable to implement its business 
strategy, which would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations and impair 
our ability to service our indebtedness. Further, it is likely that the Group will incur additional costs and require 
additional resources to monitor, report and comply with wide ranging ESG requirements.  
 
A substantial portion of the Group’s revenue is derived from a limited number of customers and the loss 
of any of these customers could result in a significant loss of revenues and cash flow. 
 
The Group currently derives a substantial portion of revenue from a limited number of customers. For the year 
ended December 31, 2020, Valero Energy Corporation, or Valero, accounted for 6 % of total revenues in the Group’s 
tankers segment. In addition, the Group’s only FSO customer is North Oil Company. All of the Group’s charter 
agreements have fixed terms, but may be terminated early due to certain events, such as a charterer’s failure to 
make charter payments to us because of financial inability, disagreements with us or otherwise. 
 
In addition, the charter payments may be reduced if the vessel does not perform according to certain contractual 
specifications. such as if average vessel speed falls below the speed we have guaranteed or if the amount of fuel 
consumed to power the vessel exceeds the guaranteed amount. Additionally, compensation under the FSO service 
contracts is based on daily performance and/or availability of each FSO in accordance with the requirements 
specified in the applicable FSO service contracts. The charter payments we receive under the FSO service 
contracts may be reduced or suspended (as applicable) if the vessel is idle, but available for operation, or if a force 
majeure event occurs, or the Group may not be entitled to receive charter payments if the FSO is taken out of 
service for maintenance for an extended period, or the charter may be terminated if these events continue for an 
extended period. In addition, our FSO service contracts have day rates that are fixed over the contract term. In 
order to mitigate the effects of inflation on revenues from these term contracts, the FSO service contracts include 
yearly escalation provisions. These provisions are designed to recompense the Group for certain cost increases, 
including wages, insurance and maintenance costs. However, actual cost increases may result from events or 
conditions that do not cause correlative changes to the applicable escalation provisions.

--- Page 7 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
7
 
If any of our charters are terminated, the Group may be unable to re-deploy the related vessel on terms as 
favourable as the current charters, or at all. We are exposed to changes in the spot market rates associated with 
the deployment of our vessels. If we are unable to re-deploy a vessel for which the charter has been terminated, 
we will not receive any revenues from that vessel and we may be required to pay ongoing expenses necessary to 
maintain the vessel in proper operating condition.  
 
Political instability, terrorist attacks, international hostilities and global public health threats can affect the 
seaborne transportation industry, in which the Issuer and Guarantor are active, which could adversely 
affect our business. 
 
The Group conducts most of its operations outside of the United States, and its business, results of operations, 
cash flows, financial condition and our ability to repay the Bonds (including interest payments) may be adversely 
affected by changing economic, political and government conditions in the countries and regions where the Group’s 
vessels are employed or registered. Moreover, we operate in a sector of the economy that is likely to be adversely 
impacted by the effects of political conflicts. 
For example, the world economy currently faces a number of challenges, including the effects of volatile oil prices, 
trade tensions between the United States and China and between the United States and the European Union, 
continuing turmoil and hostilities in the Middle East, the Korean Peninsula, North Africa, Venezuela, Iran and other 
geographic areas and countries, continuing threat of terrorist attacks around the world, continuing instability and 
conflicts and other recent occurrences in the Middle East and in other geographic areas and countries such as 
those between the United States and North Korea or Iran, Russia and Ukraine, or between the Houthi and Arab 
counties in Yemen, or internally in Libya, and stabilizing growth in China, as well as the public health concerns 
stemming from the COVID-19 outbreak. In February of 2022, President Biden and several European leaders 
announced various economic sanctions against Russia in connection with the aforementioned conflicts in the 
Ukraine region, which may adversely impact the Group’s business, given Russia’s role as a major global exporter 
of crude oil and natural gas. 
Continuing conflicts and recent developments in the Middle East, where many of the Group’s vessels operate, may 
lead to additional acts of terrorism. Additionally, any escalations between the United States and Iran or between 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization countries and Russia could result in retaliation that could potentially affect 
the shipping industry.  
In the past, political instability has also resulted in attacks on vessels, mining of waterways and other efforts to 
disrupt international shipping, particularly in the Arabian Gulf region and most recently in the Black Sea in 
connection with the recent conflicts between Russia and the Ukraine.  
 
A shift in consumer demand from oil towards other energy sources or changes to trade patterns for oil and 
oil products may have a material adverse effect on our business, as the Group is active in the fossil fuel 
industry. 
 
The vast majority of the Group’s earnings are related to the oil industry and the Group’s lack of diversification will 
potentially affect the demand for its vessels. The Group relies almost exclusively on the cash flows generated from 
charters for its vessels that operate in the tanker sector of the shipping industry. Due to our lack of diversification, 
adverse developments in the tanker shipping industry have a significantly greater impact on the Group’s financial 
condition and results of operations than if it maintained more diverse assets or lines of business.  
Lack of technological innovation to meet quality and efficiency requirements could reduce our charter hire 
income and the value of our vessels. 
 
The customers of the Group, in particular those in the oil industry, have a high and increasing focus on quality and 
compliance standards with their suppliers across the entire supply chain, including the shipping and transportation 
segment, such as for instance, related to the use of scrubbers or consumption of low sulphur fuel. The Group’s 
continued compliance with these standards and quality requirements is vital for its operations. The charter hire rates 
and the value and operational life of a vessel are determined by a number of factors including the vessel’s efficiency, 
operational flexibility and physical life. Efficiency includes speed, fuel economy and the ability to load and discharge 
cargo quickly. Flexibility includes the ability to enter harbours, use different means of propulsion and fuels, utilize 
related docking facilities and pass-through canals and straits. The length of a vessel’s physical life is related to its 
original design and construction, its maintenance and the impact of the stress of operations. If new tankers are built 
that are more efficient or more flexible or have longer physical lives than the Group’s current vessels, competition 
from these more technologically advanced vessels could adversely affect the amount of charter hire payments the 
Group receives for its vessels and the resale value of our vessels could significantly decrease. In order to mitigate 
this, the Group has created a dedicated innovation team within the IT department.  
 
A decrease in vessel values could cause the Group to breach certain covenants in its existing credit facilities and 
future financing agreements that the Group may enter into from time to time. If the Group breaches such covenants 
and is unable to remedy the relevant breach or obtain a waiver, its lenders could accelerate its debt and foreclose 
on its owned vessels.

--- Page 8 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
8
The Group relies on information systems to conduct its business, and failure to protect these systems 
against security breaches could adversely affect the Group’s business and results of operations.  
 
The efficient operation of the Group’s business is dependent on computer hardware and software systems. 
Information systems are vulnerable to security breaches by computer hackers and cyber-terrorists. Like other global 
companies, the Group has, from time to time, experienced threats to its data and systems, including malware and 
computer virus attacks, internet network scans, systems failures and disruptions. A cyberattack that bypasses the 
IT security systems, causing an IT security breach, could lead to a material disruption of IT systems and adversely 
impact the Group’s daily operations and cause the loss of sensitive information, including own proprietary 
information and that of the Group’s customers, suppliers and employees. Such losses could harm the Group’s 
reputation and result in competitive disadvantages, litigation, regulatory enforcement actions, lost revenues, 
additional costs and liability. While we devote substantial resources to maintaining adequate levels of cybersecurity, 
the resources and technical sophistication may not be adequate to prevent all types of cyberattacks. 
 
The Group relies on industry accepted security & control frameworks and technology to securely maintain 
confidential and proprietary information and personal data maintained on its information systems. Regular 
penetration tests are being organised to mitigate these risks and market conform cyber insurance cover is entered 
into by the Group. However, these measures and technology may not adequately prevent security breaches. Any 
significant interruption or failure of these information systems or any significant breach of security could adversely 
affect the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to repay the Bonds, including 
interest payments.  
 
Risks related to Euronav’s Indebtedness 
 
Servicing the Group’s current or future indebtedness limits funds available for other purposes and if we 
cannot service our debt, we may lose our vessels. 
 
The Group had $ 1,375 million and $1,822 million of indebtedness as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 
2021, respectively, and expects to incur additional indebtedness as it further expands its fleet. Borrowing under 
credit facilities are secured by vessels and certain bank accounts and if the Group cannot service its debt, it may 
lose its vessels or certain of the pledged accounts. Borrowings under our credit facilities and other debt agreements 
requires the Group to dedicate a part of the cash flow from operations to paying interest and principal on 
indebtedness. These payments limit funds available for working capital, capital expenditures and other purposes, 
including further equity or debt financing in the future. Amounts borrowed under the credit facilities bear interest at 
variable rates. Increases in prevailing rates could increase the amounts that the Group would have to pay to its 
lenders. If the Group does not generate or reserve enough cash flow from operations to enable it to satisfy its short-
term or medium- to long-term liquidity requirements or to otherwise satisfy its debt obligations, the Group may have 
to undertake alternative financing plans, which could negatively impact the financial results 
 
The Group’s agreements governing its indebtedness, also impose certain operating and financial restrictions on the 
Group, mainly to ensure that the market value of the mortgaged vessel under the applicable credit facility does not 
fall below a certain percentage of the outstanding amount of the loan, which we refer to as the asset coverage ratio 
which means that the facility size of the vessel loans can be reduced if the value of the collateralized vessels falls 
under a certain percentage of the outstanding amount under that loan as a result of which a repayment in the same 
amount may be required. In addition, certain facilities will require the Group to satisfy certain financial covenants, 
which require the Group to, among other things, maintain: 
 
• 
an amount of current assets, that, on a consolidated basis, exceeds our current liabilities; 
• 
an aggregate amount of cash, cash equivalents and available aggregate undrawn amounts of any 
committed loan of at least $50.0 million or 5% of total indebtedness (excluding guarantees), depending 
on the applicable loan facility, whichever is greater; 
• 
an aggregate cash balance of at least $30.0 million; and 
• 
a ratio of stockholders’ equity to total assets of at least 30%. 
 
In general, the operating restrictions that are contained in the credit facilities may prohibit or otherwise limit the 
Group’s ability to, among other things: 
 
• 
effect changes in management of its vessels; 
• 
transfer or sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial portion of its assets; 
• 
declare and pay dividends if there is or will be, as a result of the dividend, an event of default or breach 
of a loan covenant; and 
• 
incur additional indebtedness. 
 
A violation of any financial covenant or operating restriction contained in credit facilities may constitute an event of 
default, which, unless cured within the grace period set forth under the applicable credit facility, if applicable, or

--- Page 9 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
9
waived or modified by our lenders, provides lenders with the right to, among other things, require the Group to post 
additional collateral, enhance equity and liquidity, increase interest payments, pay down indebtedness to a level 
where the Group is in compliance with its loan covenants, sell vessels, reclassify indebtedness as current liabilities 
and accelerate indebtedness and foreclose their liens on the Group’s vessels and the other assets securing the 
credit facilities, which would impair the Group’s ability to continue to conduct its business. 
 
Furthermore, the majority of our credit facilities contain a cross-default provision that may be triggered by a default 
under one of our other credit facilities, or those of our 50%-owned joint ventures. A cross-default provision means 
that a default on one loan would result in a default on certain other loans. Because of the presence of cross-default 
provisions in certain of our credit facilities, the refusal of any one lender under our credit facilities to grant or extend 
a waiver could result in certain of our indebtedness being accelerated, even if our other lenders under our credit 
facilities have waived covenant defaults under the respective credit facilities. If our secured indebtedness is 
accelerated in full or in part, it would be very difficult in the current financing environment for us to refinance our 
debt or obtain additional financing and we could lose our vessels and other assets securing our credit facilities if 
our lenders foreclose their liens, which would adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and thus also our 
ability to repay the Bonds, including interest payments. 
 
 
Risks related to Regulation and Tax 
 
The Group is subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations that 
can adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and the 
Group’s ability to repay the Bonds, including interest payments. 
 
The Group’s operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations in the form of international conventions and 
treaties, national, state and local laws and national and international regulations in force in the jurisdictions in which 
the vessels operate or are registered, which can significantly affect the ownership and operation of the Group’s 
vessels. Compliance with such laws and regulations, where applicable, may require installation of costly equipment 
or operational changes and may affect the resale value or useful lives of the vessels. the Group may also incur 
additional costs in order to comply with other existing and future regulatory obligations, including, but not limited to, 
costs relating to air emissions including greenhouse gases, ship recycling, the management of ballast waters, 
maintenance and inspection, development and implementation of emergency procedures and insurance coverage 
or other financial assurance of our ability to address pollution incidents. Oil spills that occur from time to time may 
also result in additional legislative or regulatory initiatives that may affect the Group’s operations or require it to 
incur additional expenses to comply with such new laws or regulations. A failure to comply with applicable laws and 
regulations may result in administrative and civil penalties, criminal sanctions or the suspension or termination of 
our operations and expose the Group to litigation. Currently the Group is involved in one litigation as further 
described in section 11.4 of this Base Prospectus  
 
Environmental requirements can also affect the resale value or useful lives of the Group’s vessels, could require a 
reduction in cargo capacity, ship modifications or operational changes or restrictions, could lead to decreased 
availability of insurance coverage for environmental matters or could result in the denial of access to certain 
jurisdictional waters or ports or detention in certain ports. Under local, national and foreign laws, as well as 
international treaties and conventions, the Group could incur material liabilities, including clean-up obligations and 
natural resource damages liability, in the event that there is a release of hazardous materials from its vessels or 
otherwise in connection with its operations. Environmental laws often impose strict liability for remediation of spills 
and releases of hazardous substances, which could subject the Group to liability without regard to whether it was 
negligent or at fault. The Group could also become subject to personal injury or property damage claims relating to 
the release of hazardous substances associated with existing or historic operations. Violations of, or liabilities under, 
environmental requirements can result in substantial penalties, fines and other sanctions, including, in certain 
instances, seizure or detention of vessels and could harm the Group's reputation with current or potential customers. 
The Group is required to satisfy insurance and financial responsibility requirements for potential oil (including marine 
fuel) spills and other pollution incidents but cannot guarantee that such insurance will be sufficient to cover all such 
risks. 
 
Changes to the tonnage tax or the corporate tax regimes applicable to the Group, or to the interpretation 
thereof, may impact future operating results. 
 
Shortly after its incorporation in 2003, the Guarantor applied for treatment under the Belgian tonnage tax regime. It 
was declared eligible for this regime by the Federal Finance Department on 23 October 2003 for a ten-year period. 
In line with the tonnage tax regulations, which are part of the normal corporate tax regime in Belgium, profits from 
the operation of seagoing vessels are determined on a lump sum basis based on the net registered tonnage of the 
particular vessels. After this first ten-year period had elapsed, the tonnage tax regime has been automatically 
renewed for another ten-year period. This tonnage tax replaces all factors that are normally taken into account in 
traditional tax calculations, such as profit or loss, operating costs, depreciation, gains and the offsetting of past 
losses of the revenues taxable in Belgium.

--- Page 10 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
10
 
Changes to the tax regimes applicable to the Guarantor, or the interpretation thereof, may impact our future 
operating results. The Group is also operating vessels under Greek, Marshall Island and Liberian Flag for which the 
Company is paying the required tonnage tax in these particular jurisdictions. 
 
There is, however, no guarantee that the tonnage tax regime will not be reversed or that other forms of taxation will 
not be imposed such as, but not limited to, a carbon tax or emissions trading system in the context of the 
discouragement of the use of fossil fuels. To the extent such changes would be implemented on the EU level only, 
the global level playing field may be distorted and put the company in a weaker competitive position compared to 
its non-EU peer companies. 
 
 
The Group may have to pay tax on United States source shipping income, or taxes in other jurisdictions, 
which would reduce the Group’s net earnings. 
 
Under the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, 50% of the gross shipping 
income of a corporation that owns or charters vessels, as the Group does, that is attributable to transportation that 
begins or ends, but that does not both begin and end, in the United States may be subject to a 4% United States 
federal income tax without allowance for deductions, unless that corporation qualifies for exemption from tax under 
Section 883 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder by the United States Department of the 
Treasury or an applicable U.S. income tax treaty. 
 
The Group continues to take the position that it qualifies for either this statutory tax exemption or exemption under 
an income tax treaty for United States federal income tax return reporting purposes. If the Group were not entitled 
to exemption under Section 883 of the Code for any taxable year, it could be subject for such year to an effective 
2% United States federal income tax on the shipping income it derives during such year which is attributable to the 
transport of cargoes to or from the United States. The imposition of this taxation would have a negative effect on 
the Group’s business and would decrease the Group’s earnings. 
 
The Group may also be subject to tax in other jurisdictions, which could reduce our earnings.                                     
 
Risks related to the Bonds 
 
An investment in the Bonds is subject to the Group’s credit risk.  
 
The Bonds will be unsubordinated unsecured general obligations of the Group and are not, directly or indirectly, an 
obligation of a third party. The Bonds will rank on par with all of the Group’s other unsecured and unsubordinated 
debt obligations, except as such obligations may be preferred by operation of law. Any payment to be made on the 
Bonds, including the return of the principal amount at maturity or any redemption or repurchase date, as applicable, 
depends on the Group’s ability to satisfy its obligations as they come due. As a result, the Group’s actual and 
perceived creditworthiness may affect the market value of the Bonds and, in the event the Group was to default on 
its obligations, holders of the Bonds may not receive the amounts owed to them under the terms of the Bonds.  
 
The Group has the ability to incur substantial additional debt, which may increase the risks associated with 
the Group’s substantial existing debt, including the Group’s ability to service the bonds and other debt.  
 
The Group’s credit agreements and other debt instruments, including the Bond Terms, will permit us, subject to 
compliance with certain covenants, to incur a substantial amount of additional indebtedness, including senior 
secured indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with the Group’s existing debt, including the 
Group’s ability to service our debt, could increase. 
 
The Bonds are unsecured obligations and effectively subordinated to the Group’s secured debt.  
 
The Bonds will be unsecured and therefore will be effectively subordinated to any secured debt the Group maintains 
or may incur to the extent of the value of the assets securing the debt. In the event of a bankruptcy or similar 
proceeding involving teh Group, the assets that serve as collateral will be available to satisfy the obligations under 
any secured debt before any payments are made on the Bonds. As of December 31, 2021, the Group had an 
aggregate of approximately $1,822 million of secured debt and other financing arrangements outstanding. The 
Group will continue to have the ability to incur additional secured debt, subject to limitations in its credit facilities 
and the indentures relating to the Bonds.  
 
The Bonds do not have an established trading market, which may negatively affect their market value and 
your ability to transfer or sell the Bonds.  
 
There is no existing market for the Bonds, and although the intention is to apply for a listing of the Bonds on the 
Oslo Stock Exchange, there can be no assurance given regarding the future development of a trading market for

--- Page 11 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
11
the Bonds. It may be difficult or even impossible to trade and sell the Bonds in the secondary market due to a limited 
market for the Bonds as well as the market for the Bonds may also have limited liquidity. In connection with this, 
the Issuer Group has experienced limited trading liquidity in the previous Bonds. As the Bonds are not rated this 
may also have a negative effect on the market for the Bonds as they may be considered an unsecure investment.

--- Page 12 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
12
2 Definitions and abbrevations 
 
Annual Report 2020: 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A.’s financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020. 
 
Annual Report 2019: 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A.’s financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2019. 
 
Base Prospectus: 
 This 
document 
dated 
18 
March 
2022. 
 
 
 The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer and the quality of the securities that is the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Board or Board of Directors: 
The board of directors in the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
 
COA: 
Contract of affreightment. 
 
Company/Issuer/ 
Euronav Luxembourg: 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A.  
 
Dwt: 
Deadweight Tonnage. 
 
Final Terms: 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus 
as 
Annex 
3. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
FPSO: 
Floating production storage and offloading vessel. 
 
FSO: 
Floating storage and offloading vessel. 
 
GDP: 
Gross Domestic Product. 
 
Group: 
Means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries from time to time, including the 
Issuer. 
 
 
Guarantor: 
Means Euronav NV. 
 
Guarantor Annual Report 2020 
Form 20 F: 
Euronav NV’s 20 F financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
2020. 
 
Guarantor Annual Report 2019 
Form 20 F: 
Euronav NV’s 20 F financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
2019. 
 
Guarantor Articles of Association: 
The articles of association of Euronav NV, as amended and currently in 
effect. 
 
Guarantor Interim Report per 30 June 
 2021: 
Euronav NV’s financial statements for the quarter ended 30 June 2021.

--- Page 13 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
13
 
Guarantor Interim Report Q4 2021: 
Euronav NV’s financial statements for the quarter ended 31 December 
2021. 
 
Guarantor/Parent/Euronav: 
Means Euronav NV, incorporated under the laws of Belgium with business 
registration number 0860.402.767, being the direct 100% owner of the 
Issuer. 
 
Gener8: 
Gener8 Ads. 
 
HSFO: 
High Sulfur Furnace Oil. 
 
IMO: 
International Maritime Organization. 
 
Interim financial information per 30 
June 2021: 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A.’s interim financial statements per 30 June 2021. 
 
Interim financial information per 31 
December 2021: 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A.’s interim financial statements per 31 December 
2021. 
 
Issuer Articles of Association: 
The articles of association of Euronav Luxembourg S.A., as amended and 
currently in effect. 
 
Joint Bookrunners: 
Arctic Securities AS, DNB Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge  
 
and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). 
 
LLC: 
Limited Liability Company. 
 
LNG: 
Liquefied natural gas. 
 
LSFO: 
Low Sulfur Furnace Oil. 
 
LPG: 
Liquefied petroleum gas. 
 
MOPU: 
A Mobil Offshore Production Unit. 
 
NOK: 
Norwegian kroner. 
 
NYSE: 
The New York Stock Exchange. 
 
OECD: 
 
Economic Cooperation and Development. 
 
OPEC: 
Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries. 
 
Shell: 
Royal Dutch Shell plc. 
 
VPS or VPS System: 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA.
 
 
USD: 
The United States dollar. 
 
TCE: 
Time Charter Equivalent. 
 
TI Pool: 
Tankers International Pool. 
 
TLP: 
A tension-leg platform or extended tension leg platform. 
 
VLCC: 
Very large crude carrier. 
 
V-Plus vessel: 
Also known as ULCCs – Ultra Large Crude Carriers.

--- Page 14 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
14
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 25, boulevard Prince Henri, L-1724 Luxembourg. 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.    
 
 
Luxembourg, 18 March 2022 
 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
 
 
 
________________________________

--- Page 15 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
15
4 Statutory Auditors   
The statutory auditors for the Issuer and the Guarantor for the period covered by the historical financial information 
are given in the table below 
 
Company 
Year 
Auditor 
Auditor’s address 
Auditor’s 
membership in a 
professional body 
Euronav 
Luxembourg S.A. 
2019 and 2020 
KPMG 
Luxembourg, 
Société 
coopérative 
39, Avenue John F. 
Kennedy, 
L-1855 
Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg 
The 
Luxembourgs 
Institute 
of 
Public 
Accountants (Institut 
des 
réviseurs 
d'entreprises 
Luxembourg). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Euronav NV 
2019 and 2020 
KPMG 
Bedrijfsrevisoren 
BV – Réviseurs 
d`Entreprises 
SRL 
Luchthaven 
Brussel 
Nationaal 1K 
1930 Zaventem, Belgia 
The Belgian Institute 
of 
Public 
Accountants 
(Instituut 
van 
de 
Bedrijfsrevisoren 
/ 
Institut 
des 
Réviseurs 
d’Entreprises).

--- Page 16 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
16
5 Information about the Issuer and the Guarantor 
5.1 Legal and commercial name, domicile and legal form 
Legal name 
Commercial name 
Domicile 
Legal form 
Euronav 
Luxembourg 
S.A. (the ”Issuer”) 
Euronav Luxembourg  
Luxembourg 
Limited liability company 
Euronav 
NV 
(the 
“Guarantor”) 
Euronav 
Belgium 
Public limited liability company 
 
5.2 Place of registration, registration number, LEI code  
Legal name 
Place of registration 
Registration 
number 
LEI code 
Euronav 
Luxembourg 
S.A. 
Trade and Company Register 
(Luxembourg 
Business 
Registers) 
B 51212 
5493007W8CBMOPUMCE82 
Euronav NV 
Crossroads 
Bank 
for 
Enterprises (Federal Public 
Service Economy) 
0860.402.767 
549300D80RYON74MEJ03 
 
5.3 Country of incorporation, date of incorporation and legislation 
Legal name 
Country 
of 
incorporation 
Date 
of 
incorporation 
Legislation 
Euronav 
Luxembourg 
S.A. 
Luxembourg 
10 May 1995 
The laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg 
Euronav NV 
Belgium 
26 June 2003 
The laws of Belgium 
 
5.4 Address, telephone and website 
Legal name 
Address 
Telephone 
Website 
Euronav 
Luxembourg 
S.A. 
25, 
boulevard 
Prince 
Henri, 
L-1724 
Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg 
+352 26 38 48 22 
https://www.euronav.com/ 
  
Euronav NV 
De Gerlachekaai 20, B-
2000 Antwerp, Belgium 
+32 3 247 44 11 
https://www.euronav.com/ 
 
The information on the website mentioned above does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
5.5 Objects and purposes  
According to the Issuer Articles of Association Article 3, the object of the Company is the purchase, the sale, the 
chartering and the nautical management of sea-going vessels. The Company may also do all financial and 
commercial operations in order to promote directly or indirectly the realization of its object., 
 
According to the Guarantor Articles of Association Article 3, The object of the Guarantor consists of all operations 
related to the maritime transport and ship owning, particularly chartering in and out, acquisition and sale of ships, 
opening and operation of regular shipping lines.  
 
This enumeration is not restrictive.  
 
Furthermore, the object of the Guarantor also comprises the acquisition, the management, the sale and transfer of 
participating interests in all existing or still to be incorporated companies, with industrial, financial or commercial 
activities.  
 
The Guarantor is also authorised to associate with any private person, companies or associations having a similar 
object, to merge with them and to bring in or to transfer to them, temporarily or definitely, the whole or part of its 
assets.

--- Page 17 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
17
The Guarantor may carry out, both in Belgium and abroad, all operations involving real and immovable property, all 
financial, commercial and industrial operations, which have a direct or indirect connection with its object and namely 
all operations concerning the transport of all kind, by air, by sea and waterways, and by land.  
 
The Guarantor is also entitled to provide its assets as collateral security for financing granted to the group of 
companies to which it belongs, to the extent that such financing is useful for its activity or the activity of the 
companies belonging to its group or the realisation of its corporate objects.  
 
The general meeting of shareholders is entitled to modify the object under the conditions of the applicable law. 
 
 
5.6 Expected financing of activities 
Financing of the Issuer’s activities is done with cash on hand, operating cash flow and issuance of bonds under the 
Base Prospectus. Short-term liquidity requirements include lease payments for our chartered-in fleet, funding 
working capital requirements and maintaining cash reserves against fluctuations in operating cash flows. 
Both Issuer and Guarantor operate in the same capital intensive industry.  
Guarantor has historically financed the purchase of tankers and other capital expenditures through a combination 
of cash generated from operations, equity capital, borrowings from commercial banks and the occasional issuance 
of convertible notes. The ability to generate adequate cash flows on a short- and medium-term basis depends 
substantially on the trading performance of the vessels.  
Short-term liquidity requirements relate to payment of operating costs (including certain repairs performed in 
drydock and the installation of on-board systems to treat ballast water), lease payments for our chartered-in fleet, 
funding working capital requirements, maintaining cash reserves against fluctuations in operating cash flows as well 
as maintaining some cash balances on accounts pledged under borrowings from commercial banks. 
Sources of short-term liquidity include cash balances, restricted cash balances, syndicated credit lines, short-term 
investments and receipts from our customers. Revenues from time charters and bare boat charters are generally 
received monthly in advance. Revenues from FSO service contracts are received monthly in arrears while revenues 
from voyage charters are received upon completion of the voyage.  
Medium- and long-term liquidity requirements include funding the equity portion of investments in new or 
replacement vessels and funding all the payments the Group is required to make under our loan agreements with 
commercial banks. Sources of funding for our medium- and long-term liquidity requirements include new loans, 
refinancing of existing arrangements, drawdown under committed secured revolving credit facilities, issuance of 
new notes or refinancing of existing ones via public and private debt offerings, equity issues, vessel sales and sale 
and leaseback arrangements.  
The Group expects to finance our funding requirements with cash on hand, operating cash flow and bank debt or 
other types of debt financing.  
 
The Guarantor is currently negotiating the financing for 6 newbuilds, for which an agreement is expected to be 
signed prior to Q2 2022. The aggregate purchase price of the newbuilds amounts to $479,7 million, which is 
expected to be financed at 65% loan to value.

--- Page 18 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
18
6 Business overview and principal activities  
 
6.1 Business overview 
The principal object of the Issuer is the purchase, sale, chartering and nautical management of sea-going vessels. 
The Issuer is also authorized to perform any financial or commercial activities related thereto, be it directly or 
indirectly. The Issuer is included in the consolidated account for Euronav NV. 
 
The Guarantor is an independent tanker company engaged in the ocean transportation and storage of crude oil. 
The Group is headquartered in Antwerp, Belgium, and has offices throughout Europe and Asia. The Guarantor is 
listed on Euronext Brussels and on the NYSE under the symbol EURN. The Group employs its fleet both on the 
spot and period market. VLCCs on the spot market are traded in the Tankers International pool of which the Group 
is one of the major partners. The Group’s owned and operated fleet consists of 2 V-Plus vessels, 41 VLCCs (with 
further three under construction), 27 Suezmaxes (one of which is in a joint venture and two vessels time chartered 
in) with a further three under construction and 2 FSO vessels (both owned in 50%-50% joint venture) per 18 
February 2022. 
 
The need to operate a safe and reliable fleet has never been more crucial and it is the most important strategic 
objective for the Group. The Group aims to be an efficient organisation and strives to deliver the highest quality and 
best possible service to its customers. 
 
The Group distinguishes two operating segments: the operation of crude oil tankers on the international markets 
(Tankers) and the floating production, storage and offloading operations (FSO/FPSO). These two divisions operate 
in completely different markets, where in the latter the assets are tailor made or converted for specific long-term 
projects. The tanker market requires a different marketing strategy as this is considered a very volatile market, 
contract duration is often less than two years, and the assets are to a large extent standardized. 
 
The Group has a long-term strategy through cycle profitability by adapting its balance sheet leverage and liquidity 
position in accordance with the sources of its revenues which can be fixed (long-term FSO Income and/or TC 
portfolio) or floating (pool and spot revenues). Sustainability is a core value of the Group as it ensures the long-term 
heath and success of its people, its business and the environment they work in. It involves a commitment to safety 
and environmental protection practices, as well as an innovative approach to the use of technology and information. 
 
By employing officers who graduated from the most reputable maritime academies in the world, on board a modern 
fleet, the Group aims to operate in the top end of the market. The skills of its directly employed seagoing officers 
and shore-based captains and engineers give a competitive edge in the maintenance, as well as in the operations 
and delivery of offshore projects. 
 
6.2 Products and services 
 
Tanker Shipping 
The Group is a vertically integrated owner, operator and manager, able to provide complete shipping services in 
addition to the carriage of crude oil on its fleet of modern large tankers. The crude oil seaborne transportation market 
is cyclical and highly volatile, requiring flexible and proactive management of assets in terms of fleet composition 
and employment. On 30 September 2021 the Group’s core fleet (owned and operated) has a weighted average 
age of 9.7 years. The Group operates its fleet both on the spot and the period market. 
 
 
VLCC Fleet 
The Tanker International (TI) Pool 
The Issuer is a founding member of the TI Pool, which commenced operation in January 2000. The TI Pool was 
established by the Issuer and other leading tanker companies to meet the global transportation requirements of 
international oil companies and other major charterers. The TI Pool operates one of the largest modern fleets 
available in the world. 40 Euronav VLCCs participated in the pool on 18 February 2022. The Group’s entire owned 
VLCC fleet flies Belgian, Greek, French, and Liberian flag. 
 
By participating in a pool, the Group and its customers benefit from the economies of scale inherent to such an 
arrangement. Furthermore, the TI Pool has been able to enhance vessel earnings by improved utilisation (increased 
proportion of laden days versus ballast days) through use of combination voyages, contracts of affreightment and 
other efficiencies facilitated by the size and quality of its modern VLCC fleet. By operating together, the TI Pool 
always aims to have a modern high quality VLCC available in the right place at the right time.

--- Page 19 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
19
Suezmax Fleet 
The Group’s 100% owned Suezmax fleet flies Belgian, Greek and Liberian Flag. Its vessel in 50%-50% joint venture 
is registered under the flag of Marshall Islands. The use of a national flag, together with operational and 
maintenance standards in terms of age and performance, which are higher than the industry norm, enables the 
Group to employ part of its fleet on time charter. The Group chooses to employ a part of its Suezmax fleet on long-
term time charter. This strategy allows the Group to benefit from a source of secure, steady and visible flow of 
income. Another part of the Suezmax fleet is traded on the spot market. In February 2022 the Group owns 30 
(including three newbuildings that will be delivered in 2022-2024) and currently employs 27 Suezmax vessels, of 
which 21 are traded on the spot market. 
 
FSO and FPSO market 
FSO’s are floating storage and offloading units for areas where the offshore production platforms have no or 
insufficient storage capabilities (fixed platform, MOPU, SPARr, TLP, semi-sub), and no pipeline infrastructure to the 
shore or another terminal. They are ideal because of their very large storage capacity and ability to be moored in 
almost any water depth. With no process topsides (as with FPSO's), they are relatively simple to convert. 
 
The Group’s initial exposure to the FSO market was with VLCC deployments in the Gulf and In West Africa back in 
1998. 
 
The Group started engaging the Maersk Oil Qatar (MOQ) project because of the specific assets that it owned in 
joint venture with International Seaways Inc. (INSW): two of the only four V-Plus vessels (also known as ULCCs - 
Ultra Large Crude Carriers) that exist in the world, the TI Asla (which belonged to the Group) and the TI Africa 
(which belonged to OSG, but now to INSW). In 2017 the field operations of AI-Shaheen (Qatar) were transferred 
from MOQ to NOC (North Oil Company-see below) and the FSO contracts were extended until 2022. 
 
In November 2020, the Group’s joint venture with International Seaways signed a ten-year contract extension for 
the FSO Asia and FSO Africa. This is a direct continuation of their current contractual service with North Oil 
Company (NOC), the operator of the Al-Shaheen oil field since 2017, whose shareholders are Qatar Petroleum Oil 
& Gas Limited and Total E&P Golfe Limited. The extended FSO contracts now run until 21July 2032 and 21 
September 2032 respectively. 
 
The FSO Africa and FSO Asia are both high specification and long duration assets. Both units started service at 
the Al-Shaheen field in 2010 witih a potential service life (withour major modifications) to 2042. 
 
Offshore units are unique because of their logistical requirements and additional engineering of the designing, 
transporting, installing and operating facilities in the remote offshore environment as opposed to onshore production 
or storage plants. Each unit is specfically designed for the field’s environmental and geological characteristics. 
 
Al-Shaheen crude oil is exported from a Single Buoy Mooring (SBM) system and stored In the FSO Africa and FSO 
Asia. 
 
6.3 Fleet 
On 18 February 2022, the Group owned and operated a fleet of 72 crude tankers and 2 FSO vessels. The 72 crude 
tankers consist of two V-Plus vessels, 41 VLCCs, (of which three are under bareboat charter and one is time 
chartered in) and 27 Suezmaxes (of which one is in a joint venture and two vessels that are time chartered in). The 
two FSO vessels are both owned in 50%-50% joint ventures. The total fleet has an aggregate carrying capacity of 
approximately 19 million dwt. 
 
In addition, six vessels, 3 Suezmaxes and 3 VLCC’s are currently under construction. One Suezmax is scheduled 
for delivery in the third quarter of 2023, and the remaining two will be delivered in the first quarter of 2024. The three 
VLCC’s are scheduled for delivery in the first and second quarter of 2023.  
 
The majority of the Group’s VLCC fleet is operated within the Tankers International (TI) Pool on the spot market. 
The 
TI Pool operates one of the largest modern worldwide fleets, comprised of 57 VLCCs on 18 February 2022, of 
which 40 are owned by the Group. Four vessels of the Group Suezmax fleet are chartered out on longer term time 
charters, with the remaining vessels operating in the spot market.

--- Page 20 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
20
Set forth below is certain information regarding our fleet as of February 18, 2022. 
 
Vessel 
Name 
Vessel 
Type 
DWT 
Date 
Built 
Shipyard 
(1) 
Charterer 
Spot / TC 
Date 
Left 
Fleet 
Owner 
Aegean 
VLCC 
299,011 
2016 
HSHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Alboran 
VLCC 
298,991  
2016 
HSHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Alex 
VLCC 
299,446 
2016 
HHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Alice 
VLCC 
299,320  
2016 
HHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Alsace 
VLCC 
320,350  
2012 
SHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Amundsen 
VLCC 
298,991  
2017 
HSHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Andaman 
VLCC 
299,392  
2016 
HHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Anne 
VLCC 
299,533  
2016 
HHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Antigone 
VLCC 
299,421  
2015 
HHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Aquitaine 
VLCC 
298,767  
2017 
HSHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Arafura 
VLCC 
298,991  
2016 
HSHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Aral 
VLCC 
299,011  
2016 
HSHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Ardeche 
VLCC 
298,642  
2017 
HSHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Bari 
Suezmax 
159,186 
2005 
HHI 
  
Spot 
  
Bari Shipholding 
Ltd 
Cap Charles 
Suezmax 
158,881 
2006 
SHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Cap Corpus 
Christi 
Suezmax 
156,004  
2018 
HSHI 
Valero 
Time 
Charter (2) 
Euronav NV 
Cap Felix 
Suezmax 
158,765 
2008 
SHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Cap 
Guillaume 
Suezmax 
158,889 
2006 
SHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Cap Lara 
Suezmax 
158,826 
2007 
SHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Cap Leon 
Suezmax 
159,049 
2003 
SHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Cap 
Pembroke 
Suezmax 
156,002  
2018 
HSHI 
Valero 
Time 
Charter (2) 
Euronav NV 
Cap Philippe 
Suezmax 
158,920 
2006 
SHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Cap Pierre 
Suezmax 
159,083 
2004 
SHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Cap 
Port 
Arthur 
Suezmax 
156,049  
2018 
HSHI 
Valero 
Time 
Charter (2) 
Euronav NV 
Cap Quebec 
Suezmax 
156,013  
2018 
HSHI 
Valero 
Time 
Charter (2) 
Euronav NV 
Cap 
Theodora 
Suezmax 
158,819 
2008 
SHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Cap Victor 
Suezmax 
158,853 
2007 
SHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Captain 
Michael 
Suezmax 
157,648 
2012 
SHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Daishan 
VLCC 
306,447  
2007 
DSME 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Dalma 
VLCC 
306,543  
2007 
DSME 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Desirade 
VLCC 
299,989  
2016 
DSME 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Dia 
VLCC 
299,995  
2015 
DSME 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Dominica 
VLCC 
299,990  
2015 
DSME 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Donoussa 
VLCC 
299,998  
2016 
DSME 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Drenec 
VLCC 
299,986  
2016 
DSME 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Fraternity 
Suezmax 
157,714 
2009 
SHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
FSO 
Africa(3) 
FSO 
442,000 
2002 
DSME 
NOC 
Service 
Contract 
  
TI Asia Limited

--- Page 21 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
21
Vessel 
Name 
Vessel 
Type 
DWT 
Date 
Built 
Shipyard 
(1) 
Charterer 
Spot / TC 
Date 
Left 
Fleet 
Owner 
FSO Asia(3) 
FSO 
442,000 
2002 
DSME 
NOC 
Service 
Contract 
  
TI Africa Limited 
Hakata 
VLCC 
302,550  
2010 
Universal 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Hakone 
VLCC 
302,624  
2010 
Universal 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Hatteras 
VLCC 
297,638 
2017 
HHIC-Phil 
Inc 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Heron 
VLCC 
297,363 
2017 
HHIC-Phil 
Inc 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Hirado 
VLCC 
302,550 
2011 
Universal 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Hojo 
VLCC 
302,965 
2013 
JMU  
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Ilma 
VLCC 
314,000 
2012 
HHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Ingrid 
VLCC 
314,000 
2012 
HHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Iris 
VLCC 
314,000 
2012 
HHI 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Maria 
Suezmax 
157,523 
2012 
SHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Marlin 
Sardinia 
Suezmax 
156,607 
2019 
NTS 
  
Spot 
  
Xiang T25 SG 
International 
Marlin 
Somerset 
Suezmax 
156,620 
2019 
NTS 
  
Spot 
  
Xiang T25 SG 
International 
Nautica 
VLCC 
307,284 
2008 
DSIC 
  
TI Pool 
  
TAIPING 
& 
SINOPEC 
TJ5 
SHPG 
Nectar 
VLCC 
307,284 
2008 
DSIC 
  
TI Pool 
  
TAIPING 
& 
SINOPEC 
TJ4 
SHPG 
Newton 
VLCC 
307,284 
2009 
DSIC 
  
TI Pool 
  
TAIPING 
& 
SINOPEC 
TJ11 
SHPG 
Noble 
VLCC 
307,284 
2008 
DSIC 
  
TI Pool 
  
TAIPING 
& 
SINOPEC 
TJ6 
SHPG 
Oceania 
V-Plus 
441,561  
2003 
DSME 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav 
Shipping NV 
Sandra 
VLCC 
314,000 
2011 
STX  
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Sapphira 
Suezmax 
149,876  
2008 
Universal 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Sara 
VLCC 
323,183 
2011 
STX  
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Selena 
Suezmax 
150,296 
2007 
Universal 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Sienna 
Suezmax 
149,847  
2007 
Universal 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Simone 
VLCC 
313,988 
2012 
STX  
Petrobras 
Time 
Charter 
26 Jun 22 
Euronav NV 
Sofia 
Suezmax 
165,000  
2010 
HSHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Sonia 
VLCC 
314,000 
2012 
STX 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Statia 
Suezmax 
150,205  
2006 
Universal 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Stella 
Suezmax 
164,714 
2011 
HSHI 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Europe 
V-Plus 
441,561  
2002 
DSME 
  
Spot 
  
Euronav NV 
Delos 
VLCC 
299,986 
2021 
DSME 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Diodorus 
VLCC 
299,987 
2021 
DSME 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Doris 
VLCC 
299,990 
2021 
DSME 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Dickens 
VLCC 
299,982 
2021 
DSME 
  
TI Pool 
  
Euronav NV 
Cedar 
Suezmax 
158,289 
2022 
DHSC 
 
 
 
Euronav NV 
Cypress 
Suezmax 
158,000 
2022 
DHSC 
 
 
 
Euronav NV

--- Page 22 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
22
Vessel 
Name 
Vessel 
Type 
DWT 
Date 
Built 
Shipyard 
(1) 
Charterer 
Spot / TC 
Date 
Left 
Fleet 
Owner 
H8132 
VLCC 
299,158 
2023 
HSHI 
 
 
 
Euronav NV 
H8133 
VLCC 
299.158 
2023 
HSHI 
 
 
 
Euronav NV 
H8134 
VLCC 
299,158 
2023 
HSHI 
 
 
 
Euronav NV 
H8135 
Suezmax 
156,851 
2023 
HSHI 
 
 
 
Euronav NV 
H8136 
Suezmax 
156,851 
2023 
HSHI 
 
 
 
Euronav NV 
H8137 
Suezmax 
156,851 
2024 
HSHI 
 
 
 
Euronav NV 
 
(1) As used in this overview: 
- 
“HSHI” is Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries Co., Ltd. (South Korea); 
- 
“SHI” is Samsung Heavy Industries Co., Ltd. (South Korea); 
- 
“HHI” is Hyundai Heavy Industries Co., Ltd. (South Korea); 
- 
“STX” is STX Offshore & Shipbuilding Co., Ltd (South Korea); 
- 
“Universal” is Universal Shipbuilding Corporation (Japan); 
- 
“JMU” is Japan Marine United Corporation (Japan); 
- 
“DSME” is Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering Co., Ltd. (South Korea); 
- 
“DSIC” is Dalian Shipbuilding Industry Co., Ltd. (China); 
- 
“NTS” is New Times Shipbuilding Co., Ltd. (China); 
- 
“HHIC-Phil Inc” is Hanjin Heavy Industries and Construction Philippines, Inc. (Philippines); and 
- 
“DHSC” is Daehan Shipbuilding Co., Ltd. (South Korea). 
(2) Profit sharing component under time charter contracts.  
(3) Vessels in which we hold 50% ownership interest and are only accounted for the share of DWT corresponding 
to such ownership interest.  
 
 
 
Competition 
The operation of tanker vessels and transportation of crude and petroleum products is extremely competitive. 
Competition arises primarily from other tanker owners, including major oil companies as well as independent tanker 
companies, some of whom have substantially greater resources than we do. We compete for charters on the basis 
of price, vessel location, size, age and condition of the vessel, as well as on our reputation as an operator. 
Competition is also affected by the availability of other size vessels to compete in the trades in which we engage. 
We currently operate all of our vessels in the spot market, either directly or through the TI Pool, or on time charter. 
For our vessels that operate in the TI Pool, Tankers UK Agencies Ltd. (TUKA), the pool manager, is responsible for 
their commercial management, including marketing, chartering, operating and purchasing bunker (fuel oil) for the 
vessels. From time to time, we may also arrange our time charters and voyage charters in the spot market through 
the use of brokers, who negotiate the terms of the charters based on market conditions. 
 
Seasonality 
We operate our vessels in markets that have historically exhibited seasonal variations in demand and, as a result, 
charter rates. Peaks in tanker demand quite often precede seasonal oil consumption peaks, as refiners and 
suppliers anticipate consumer demand. Seasonal peaks in oil demand can broadly be classified into two main 
categories: (1) increased demand prior to Northern Hemisphere winters as heating oil consumption increases and 
(2) increased demand for gasoline prior to the summer driving season in the United States. Unpredictable weather 
patterns and variations in oil reserves disrupt tanker scheduling. This seasonality may result in quarter-to-quarter 
volatility in our operating results, as many of our vessel’s trade in the spot market. Seasonal variations in tanker 
demand will affect any spot market related rates that we may receive. 
 
 
Market Fleet Evolution  
Per 30 September 2021, there has been an unusual contrast between fleet dynamics in the VLCC and Suezmax 
market segments. In the first three quarters of 2021, 28 VLCCs and 20 Suezmaxes were delivered into the global 
fleet. However, five VLCCs exited the global fleet to be recycled, but just two Suezmaxes exited over the same 
period. 
 
We see this trend continued in the contracting of new vessels. Orders of new VLCCs have risen, hitting 29 VLCCs 
to date, compared to only 8 Suezmaxes. Whilst a rise in contracting is rarely welcome, some context is required. 
Over 80% of the ordered VLCCs and 60% of the Suezmaxes contracted will have either dual fuel capability fitted 
or have additional features to provide them with required flexibility to install future fuel technology. 
 
Therefore, the majority of recent contracting is not “plain vanilla” vessels and not directly comparable with the

--- Page 23 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
23
global fleet. Shipyard capacity is also constrained given a high level of contracting in high value vessels like 
container carriers, LNG carriers and dry bulkers – reflecting strong market conditions in these shipping segments. 
 
The recycling of older vessels is difficult to forecast. But an exit forecast of 20 VLCCs and 15 Suezmaxes would be 
in line with historical trends set by current freight rates, steel prices and fleet age profiles. Such a forecast is 
complicated by the dislocation from the Iran/Venezuela “illicit trade”. Older tonnage, usually 18-22 years old, was 
purchased by private owners to engage in this lucrative but illicit trade due to current sanctions imposed by the 
USA. 
 
The age profile of these vessels matches those vessels anticipated to have exited trading. There could be an 
acceleration in the recycling and exit of these vessels from the sector, should Iran return to more normalised 
international relations. Gibsons Shipbrokers estimates that 8% of the VLCC fleet and 5% of the Suezmax fleet have 
been engaged in such trading.  
 
Fleet growth for 2022 is forecasted to be 2% for the VLCC sector and flat for the Suezmax sector. To put these 
figures into an encouraging context, the 10-year average fleet growth for both tanker categories was 4.6% in the 10 
years prior to 2020. 
6.4 Ship management 
 
6.4.1 In-House ship management  
 
The majority of the fleet is managed by three wholly owned subsidiaries; Euronav Ship Management SAS, Euronav 
SAS and Euronav Ship Management (Hellas) Ltd. The Group has also established an office in Singapore, Euronav 
Singapore Pte Ltd, to enchance the support of services offered to the vessels that frequently call at Asian ports. 
 
The Group's personnel includes seagoing officers, crew, shore-based staff, skilled and experienced captains and 
marine engineers, as well as maritime university and college graduates. This gives the Group a competitive edge 
in high quality maintenance and operation of the vessels, as well as project development and execution. 
  
The Group manages the vast majority of its fleet of modern crude oil carriers in-house, ranging from Suezmax to 
Very Large and V-Plus (also known as Ultra Large Crude Oil Carriers) and FSO (Floating Storage and Offloading). 
The Group's fleet trades worldwide in some of the most difficult weather conditions and sea states, such as the 
North Atlantic and East Canada, and for charterers with the strictest requirements. The vessels are equipped with 
sophisticated management software and communication systems that enhance the vessel and shore team 
collaboration. The vessel's crews are in constant interaction with the shore staff through regular onboard visits, 
briefing and debriefing discussions upon signing on and off, conferences ashore and onboard, including training 
sessions. The management team, superintendents, internal and external shipping auditors, customers, as well as 
national and international regulatory bodies assess vessel and crew performance. The Group has excellent relations 
with all oil majors. The organisation, and the vessels, have successfully passed numerous oil major Tanker 
Management and Self-Assessment (TMSA) reviews and vetting assessments. 
 
All of the Group’s services are provided with the ultimate regard for the health, safety, security, environmental and 
quality standards applicable to the maritime transportation industry. The Group is commtted to and aims for safety, 
environmentaI protection, security and quality excellence of the Fleet's operation. The Group is devoted to a culture 
of teamwork where people work together along defined duties and responsibilities for the overall success of the the 
Group, on shore and at sea. 
 
6.4.2 Euronav ship management partners 
 
In addition to the in-house managed fleet, the Group maintains close relations and cooperation with high quality 
ship managers that manage part of the fleet. A dedicated team is managing the relationship and ensures that the 
services rendered to the Group’s vessels are in accordance with the Group’s standards. The relationship is offering 
opportunities for interaction and sharing of experience between the Euronav Ship Management and Ship 
Management partners, while at the same time providing flexibility for potential expansion.

--- Page 24 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
24
6.5 Industry and Market Conditions  
 
6.5.1 Overview of the International Oil Tanker Shipping Industry 
 
The maritime transport industry is fundamental to international trade as it is the only practicable and economic way 
of transporting large volumes of many essential commodities and finished goods around the world. In turn, the oil 
tanker shipping industry represents a vital link in the global energy supply chain, in which larger vessels, such as 
VLCC, Suezmax and Aframax tankers, play an important role, given their capability to carry large quantities of crude 
oil.  
  
The oil tanker shipping industry is divided between crude tankers that carry either crude oil or residual fuel oil and 
product tankers that carry refined petroleum products. The following review specifically focuses on the crude sector.  
  
The volume of seaborne oil trade is primarily dependent on global and regional economic growth. Overall, there is 
a close relationship between changes in the level of economic activity and changes in the volume of oil moved 
by sea. As well as the amount of oil moved, the distance the oil moves also drives vessel demand. For example a 
vessel travelling from the Middle East Gulf to China takes 20 days, while the same amount of oil moved from the 
US Gulf to China occupies a vessel for around 50 days on the laden passage.  
 
Covid-19 has also been headline news in the shipping industry over the last 18 months and questions remain as to 
how this ongoing pandemic will impact oil markets going forward. Vaccination programmes have meant more 
freedom of movement for many people and we are starting to see the effects of this in oil demand. Global demand 
is projected to show strong recovery over the next year, although downside risks remain from flare ups and new 
Covid variants and potential economic headwinds. There is also the chance that demand may recover more strongly 
than some agencies are projecting as stimulus packages and pent up demand take hold as well as continued fuel 
switching from natural gas. Oil demand is set to increase by 5.4 mbpd in 2021, with much of the increase happening 
towards the end of the year. Going into 2022 demand is projected to increase by a further 4.7 mbpd and on a 
quarterly average basis demand will surpass pre-Covid levels. Gas-to-oil switching continues to occur in Asia and 
Europe, supporting incremental oil demand, mainly residual fuel oil. Through the fourth quarter we have seen 
around 400 kbpd of additional oil demand globally and this is projected to continue into 2022. 
 
Global inventories are significantly below pre-Covid levels, and all major OECD hubs are showing this trend with 
current commercial crude oil stock levels below the 5-year range. These stockdraws are likely to result in added oil 
demand next year to replenish stocks, although we have recently seen joint efforts from major demand centres to 
release SPR (strategic petroleum reserves) barrels, which will take the edge off this upside. A coordinated SPR 
release between the US, China, India, Japan, South Korea and the UK has been announced.  
 
With demand in strong recovery mode many leading economies have lobbied OPEC+ ministers to increase 
production to help cool off a surging market. OPEC and its allies will hold a series of meetings in the coming weeks 
to decide how to respond to the outlook of rising global demand and the announced coordinated SPR releases. 
Global oil supply is set to increase by 1.9 mbpd in 2021, with strong increases in 4Q of up to 3 mbpd from 3Q.  
 
The VLCC fleet consists of 830 vessels while the Suezmax fleet comprises 579 vessels and both segments have 
expanded by about 3% since the start of the year in fundamental terms. We have seen relatively low actual removal 
activity. Both segments continue to carry great potential for significant phase out programmes in the near term. 13% 
of the VLCC fleet is 18 years or older while in the Suezmax market this number is 17%. If we continue to see 
pressure on these older ships from environmental developments and legislation together with commercial 
unacceptance, many of these older ships could go. We can compare this to orderbooks of 9% and 7% respectively 
and simple maths will point to a fleet decline.  
 
While the oil demand story looks promising, albeit with some downside risk, the supply of oil could be a limiting 
factor. It is uncertain how OPEC+ choose to follow their proposed production curve going into 2022. On the ship 
supply side the phaseout of older tonnage is paramount for the market to return to some level of equilibrium. It 
appears that everything is lined up for a large outflow of tonnage with higher demolition prices, incoming 
environmental regulations and very low freight markets. If this was to take effect, we could see real positive shifts 
in the tanker markets over the next 6-12 months.

--- Page 25 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
25
6.5.2 Overview of the Offshore Oil and Gas Industry 
 
The offshore oil and gas industry can generally be defined as the extraction and production of oil and gas offshore. 
From a more nuanced perspective, it is a highly technical industry with significant risks, but whose rewards are 
high. Unlike onshore developments, where drilling and processing equipment be constructed onsite, often with 
access to existing infrastructure, offshore developments have additional engineering and logistical requirements in 
designing, transporting, installing and operating facilities in remote offshore environments. Because of this, each 
production unit is unique and designed for the specific field’s geological and environmental characteristics.  
 
Floating Production and Storage (or FPS) and Floating, Production, Storage and Offloading unit (or FPSO) units 
emerged in the 1970s. Since that time, FPS units have been installed in increasing water depths, with the deepest 
unit now operating in 2,900 meters of water. Along with increasing water depth, the size and complexity of these 
offshore developments has also grown, which in turn has increased the size and complexity of the FPS units. Project 
development cycles have increased in time, complexity, and cost. In particular, the time between initial discovery 
and starting production is now five to ten years. Approval of these FPS projects depends largely on the oil price 
expectation at the time and the related production potential associated with the specific project. As a result, the 
orders for FPS units generally follow the price of oil.   
  
The top five regions for floating production systems are Southeast Asia, Africa, Brazil, Gulf of Mexico, and Northern 
Europe. The type of systems varies widely from region to region – FSOs are the dominant type in Southeast Asia 
due to the relatively shallow water depths and lack of infrastructure. In this type of environments, a fixed production 
platform and FSO is often the most economic development option. Between 2025 and 2030, Brazil is expected to 
remain the most attractive area for offshore projects and presents ample investment opportunities. South America 
(excluding Brazil) and West Africa present the next largest growth opportunities globally.  
  
FSOs provide field storage and offloading in a variety of situations. FSOs are primarily used in conjunction with 
fixed platforms, to provide offshore field storage of oil and condensate. They are also used as offshore 
storage/export facilities for onshore production fields and as storage/blending/transhipment terminals for crude oil 
or refined products.  
  
FSOs range from simple tankers with few modifications to purpose built and extensively modified tankers with 
significant additional equipment at a total cost ranging between $250 and $300 million. Oil storage capacity on 
FSOs varies from 60,000 barrels to 3 million barrels. FSO Asia and the FSO Africa, which are owned by Euronav, 
are among the largest and most complex FSOs in operation.  
Large storage capacity and ability to be moored in almost any water depth makes FSOs ideal for areas without 
pipeline infrastructure and where the production platform has no storage capabilities FSOs can be relocated to 
other fields and some have also later been converted to FPSOs.  
 
By June 2021, there were 297 floating production systems, and 103 storage units in service worldwide. During the 
first half of the year there were three FPSO awards. This is the same amount as awarded for the whole of 2020. 
Most analysts anticipate the pace of awards to increase during the second half of this year. The consultancy EMA 
(Energy Maritime Associates) forecasts 19 projects (14 FPSOs and 5 Production units) to be awarded and Rystad 
forecasts 20 FPSO awards into total between June 2021 and the end of 2022.  
 
As part of the overall offshore field development, most FSOs are leased on long-term (5 to 15 years), fixed rate 
service contracts (normally structured as either a time charter or a bareboat contract). The FSO is essential to the 
field production as oil is exported via the FSO. Typically, the FSO contract has a fixed period as well as additional 
extension periods depending on the projected life of the development project. The FSO is designed to remain 
offshore for the duration of the contact, as opposed to conventional tankers, which have scheduled drydocking 
repairs every 2 to 3 years. Depending on tax treatment and local regulations, some oil companies elect to purchase 
the FSO rather than lease it, particularly when the unit is expected to remain on site for over 20 years. However, 
there have been FSO lease contracts for 20 or even 25 years.

--- Page 26 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
26
7 Organisational structure 
7.1 Description of the Euronav Group 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. is a limited liability company and wholly owned by Euronav NV. 
 
Euronav NV is a public limited liability company and the parent company of the Group.  
 
The legal structure of Euronav NV including its ownership is shown below. 
 
 
Euronav Ship Management SAS 
Euronav Ship Management SAS, with head office in Nantes, In the South of Brittany, France and branch office in 
Antwerp, Belgium, is, besides the traditional shipping activities, responsible for Euronav’s offshore projects and the 
management of vessels for the offshore industry. That includes tender projects, conversion works, as well as 
performing the management of these vessels including crewing technical procurement, accounting and quality. The 
Nantes office and the Antwerp office also provide crew management for Euronav’s trading oil tankers. 
Euronav Ship Management Hellas Ltd. 
Euronav Ship Management (Hellas) Ltd, was established in 2005 in Piraeus, Greece, and moved to offices in the 
centre of Athens in 2017. It is a branch office of a fully owned subsidiary of Euronav NV that engages in the ship 
management of the ocean-going oil tankers of Euronav and the supervision of the construction of newbulldings. 
Ship management includes crewing, technical, procurement accounting, health safety, environmental protection 
and quality assurance, legal advice, claims handling support. as well as fleet IT support. 
Euronav (UK) Agencies Ltd & Euronav NV, London branch 
Located Inthe heart of London, Euronav (UK) Agencies Ltd used to host the commercial agency of the Euronav 
Group. Having a London presence enables Euronav to work dosely with the major London-based clients and

--- Page 27 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
27
international brokering houses. Since 2020, most commercial activities are organised through a newly established 
London-based branch office of Euronav NV.  
Euronav Hong Kong Ltd. 
Euronav Hong Kong Ltd. Is the holding company of three wholly owned subsidiaries and four 50% joint venture 
companies (one of which is in process of winding up). The wholly owned subsidiaries that fall under Euronav Hong 
Kong Ltd. are Euronav Ship Management (Hellas) Ltd. (see short summary above), Euronav Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
and E.S.M.C. Euro-Ocean Ship Management (Cyprus) Ltd, a ship management company that handles the crew 
management of the FSO’s. Since 30 June 2020, Euronav Luxembourg S.A. is no longer a subsidiary of Euronav 
Hong Kong Ltd., but wholly owned by Euronav NV. TI Asia Ltd. and TI Africa Ltd., 50% joint venture companies 
with a company which belongs to the International Seaways (INSW) group, are the owners of respectively the FSO 
Asia and FSO Africa, both currently employed at the Al Shaheen field offshore Qatar. The 50% joint venture 
company Kingswood Co. Ltd. with a company which belonged to the Oak Maritime Group, fully owned Seven Seas 
Shipping Ltd., which following the terrninatIon of the relevant joint venture sold the VLCC to Euronav NV in 2018. 
Meanwhile both Kingswood Co. Ltd. and Seven Seas Shipping Ltd. are dissolved as of 15 May 2020. 
In November 2019 two joint venture agreements were signed with Ridgetuf LLC resulting in the two 50% joint 
venture companies Bari Shipholding Limited (owner of the Suezmax Bastia) and Bastia Shipholding Limited (owner 
of Suexmax Bastia). On 30 September 2020 the Suezmax Bastia was successfully sold and delivered to the third- 
party Buyers, Messrs. Seven Island Shipping Limited. 
Euronav Shipping NV 
Following the acquisttion of 15 VLCCs in January 2014, Euronav Shipping NV and Euronav Tankers NV were 
incorporated as subsidiares of Euronav NV, in January and February 2014 respectively. Going forward, the Euronav 
Group gradually centralised its ship management activities wtthin Euronav Shipping NV. In that regard, In the course 
of 2019, the two French subsidiaries Euronav SAS and Euronav Ship Management SAS (inducing its Antwerp 
Branch), as wel as the Hong Kong subsidiary Euronav Hong Kong Ltd were transferred to Euronav Shipping NV. 
In September 2021 Euronav Shipping NV and Euronav Tankers NV merged, with Euronav Shipping NV being the 
surviving corporation. 
Euronav Ml II Inc. 
In the fourth quarter of 2017, Euronav NV incorporated a new wholly owned subsidiary, Euronav MI Inc., a company 
incorporated and existing under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands, for the purposes of the upcoming 
merger (the 'Merger') with Gener8 Maritime Inc. (Gener8). Pursuant to the merger agreement entered into between 
Euronav and Gener8 on 20 December 2017, Euronav MI Inc. merged with and into Gener8 upon closing of the 
Merger on 12 June 2018, with Gener8 being the surviving corporation wholly owned by Euronav NV. At the same 
time, the name of the surviving corporation was changed Into Euronav MI II Inc. 
As the ultimate parent company of the Gener8 group prior to closing of the Merger, Euronav MI II Inc. still owns 
certain direct and indirect subsidiaries, most of which served as special purpose ship-owning companies within the 
Gener8 group. Following the sale of the assets held by them (to Euronav NV or, in case of non-core assets, to third 
party buyers) Euronav is in the process of simplifying the group's corporate structure by liquidating the said 
subsidiaries. 
Tankers UK Agencies (TI Pool) 
In 2017, the corporate structure of ‘Tankers International Pool' (TI Pool) was rationalised. Under the new structure, 
the shares of Tankers UK Agencies Ltd. (TUKA), fully held at the time by Tankers International LLC (TI LLC), an 
entity incorporated under the laws of the Marshall Islands, have been distributed to the two remaining founding 
members of the TI Pool, (namely Euronav NV and International Seaways INC), to form a 50-50 joint venture. 
Additionally, a new company, Tankers International Ltd. (TIL), was incorporated under the laws of the United 
Kingdom, and is now fully owned by TUKA. TIL became the disponent owner of all of the vessels in the TI Pool, as 
all the vessels are now time chartered to TIL at a floating rate equivalent to the average spot rate achieved by the 
pool multiplied by the pool point assigned to each vessel. This new structure allowed the TI Pool to arrange for a

--- Page 28 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
28
credit line financing in order to lower the working capital requirement for the Pool participants which potentially can 
attract additional pool participants. 
Euronav NV, Antwerp, Geneva Branch 
In April 2019 Euronav NV established a branch office in Geneva (Switzerland), Euronav NV, Antwerp, Geneva 
Branch. This new branch office was set up in anticipation of the coming into force of IMO 2020 and focuses on 
procurement of compliant fuel and related services. 
7.2 Dependence upon other entities  
The Issuer is ultimately 100 % owned by Euronav NV, the parent company of the Group and the Guarantor (see 
section 10.1 ‘Ownership’). As such, all voting rights in the Issuer being ultimately controlled by the Parent, the Issuer 
is dependent on the Parent. The Issuer has on-lent part of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Parent and to one 
of the Parent’s wholly owned subsidiaries priced on an arms-length basis. The Issuer is dependent upon cashflow 
from its operating activities and from interest on and repayment of this intercompany debt.

--- Page 29 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
29
8 Trend information 
8.1 Prospects and financial performance 
 
In comparison to 2020 where the Guarantor could report a net profit of 473,2 M USD, the earnings of 2021 are 
under pressure due to the reduction in global crude oil demand mainly driven by the outbreak of COVID-19. 
Similarly, the earnings of the Issuer are under pressure for the same reason, following the trends as described in 
paragraph 8.2 below. 
 
Apart from the disclosed above, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor since the date of its last published audited financial statements.  
 
Apart from the disclosed above, there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group 
since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base 
Prospectus 
 
8.2 Information on any known trends 
 
The supply and demand patterns for ships continue to have the biggest impact on revenues. Generally, the global 
demand for oil transportation on ships is affected by the global demand for crude oil, which in turn is highly 
dependent on the state of the global economy. Economies across the world are currently impacted by a reduction 
in demand caused by the outbreak of COVID-19, which brought about restrictions on economic activity, which in 
turn heavily affected global oil demand. The tanker market therefore continues to experience pressure from 
temporarily reduced demand and oil supply cuts from production cuts made by the Organization of the Petroleum 
Exporting Countries, or OPEC. However, rebalancing is underway, with the expectation of economic recovery at 
the heels of COVID-19 vaccine availability.  
 
The rate at which a change in oil demand impacts the demand for oil tankers depends not only on the nominal 
change in oil demand but also how this oil is traded, for example, the market has continued to see a significant 
uptick in exports emanating from the US Gulf and other Atlantic based producers, most of which have been destined 
for China, India, and other Far Eastern customers. This oil travels a substantially longer distance than crude oil 
originating from the Arabian Gulf traveling to the same destination, and hence employs the crude tankers for a 
longer period of time. The current trend is a rise in crude exports from the Atlantic basin combined with demand 
growth centered in the Far East providing longer employment times for crude tankers for the incremental barrel 
produced. Whilst it is anticipated to see continued negative pressure on TCE, it is broadly expected to improve 
during the second part of the year. The trend for financing of shipping companies is likely to remain challenging with 
sustainability features and targets becoming more standard in all finance facilities. 
 
The supply of tankers is influenced by the number of vessels delivered to the fleet, the number of vessels removed 
from the fleet (through recycling or conversion) and the number of vessels tied up in alternative employment such 
as storage. 2021 saw approximately 35 VLCC and 23 Suezmax new ships joining the fleet compared to the year 
before with fleet growth for the VLCC segment at 2.1% and 1.2% for the Suezmax equivalent. The tanker orderbook 
as a whole however remains measured, with the VLCC orderbook equal to 7.9% of the fleet and Suezmax orderbook 
equal to 8.1% of the current fleet. Exits from the trading fleet in 2021 were back end loaded with 17 VLCC and 16 
Suezmax leaving the fleet. Going forward the Group expects regulatory requirements to push a number of ships 
out of the trading fleet as owners are faced with the alternative of putting their older vessels through costly upgrades 
to comply with new directives, such as the Ballast Water Management convention. The requirement for vessels to 
now burn low sulfur fuel is another factor that may cause ship owners to re-evaluate the longevity of some of their 
older tonnage. 
 
The Group’s revenues are also affected by our strategy to employ some of our vessels on time charters, which 
have a fixed income for a pre-set period of time as opposed to trading ships in the spot market where their earnings 
are heavily impacted by the supply and demand balance. The Group’s management team continuously evaluates 
the value of both strategies and makes informed decisions on the chartering mix based on anticipated earnings, 
and through this process we aim to always maximize each vessel’s return.

--- Page 30 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
30
9 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
9.1 Information about persons 
9.1.1 Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
Board 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Board of the Company:  
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Hugo De Stoop 
Director 
 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 25, boulevard Prince Henri, 
L-1724 Luxembourg 
Alexander Staring 
 
Director 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 25, boulevard Prince Henri, 
L-1724 Luxembourg 
Egied Verbeeck 
Director 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 25, boulevard Prince Henri, 
L-1724 Luxembourg 
Lut Laget (as permanent 
representative of Lut Latget 
Tax Audit & Accountancy 
s.à.r.l.) 
Director 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 25, boulevard Prince Henri, 
L-1724 Luxembourg 
Patrick 
Steenacker 
(as 
permanent representative of 
Ahlmar SA) 
Director 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 25, boulevard Prince Henri, 
L-1724 Luxembourg 
Lieve Logghe 
Director 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 25, boulevard Prince Henri, 
L-1724 Luxembourg 
 
For Hugo De Stoop, Alexander Staring, Egied Verbeeck and Lieve Logghe, reference is made to the biographical 
information set out underneath the table showing the composition of the Management Board of the Euronav NV 
below. 
 
Lut Laget, Director (as permanent representative of Lut Latget Tax Audit & Accountancy s.à.r.l.) 
  
 
Lut Laget Tax Audit & Accountancy s.à.r.l. is a Luxembourg firm specializing in taxes and accounting for small, 
medium and large companies, both nationally and internationally. The company is represented by Mrs. Lutgard 
Laget, 
chartered 
accountant 
and 
Auditor.  
 
The company was appointed as a director of Euronav Luxembourg in 2020 with the aim of bringing expertise to the 
Luxembourg market. 
 
Patrick Steenacker, Director (as permanent representative of Ahlmar SA) 
Patrick Steenacker (1961) started his career as a seafarer. He has over more than 24 years of experience seagoing 
and inland shipping. He worked as a worldwide consultant for Ministry of Transport and started Training centers, 
mainly Africa and South America. Formerly Dirigeant of Pegasus Shipping. Today Patrick Steenacker consults the 
Ministry of Economy and Ministry of Transport of the government of Luxembourg. Since 2017 he is Dirigeant of 
Ahlmar, Malmy and recently Euronav Luxembourg SA. 
 
 
Management 
 
The management team of Euronav Luxembourg S.A. is the same as the board.

--- Page 31 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
31
 
9.1.2 Euronav NV 
Board 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Supervisory Board of Euronav NV:  
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Carl E. Steen 
Chairman 
– 
Independent Director 
 
Euronav NV, De Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 Antwerp, 
Belgium 
Anne- Héléne Monsellato 
Independent Director 
Euronav NV, De Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 Antwerp, 
Belgium 
Grace Reksten Skaugen 
Independent Director 
Euronav NV, De Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 Antwerp, 
Belgium 
Anita Odedra 
Independen Director 
Euronav NV, De Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 Antwerp, 
Belgium 
Carl Trowell 
Independent Director 
Euronav NV, De Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 Antwerp, 
Belgium 
 
 
 
Carl E. Steen, Chairman – Independent Director 
Carl E. Steen was co-opted Director and appointed Chairman of the Supervisory Board with effect immediately after 
the Board meeting of 3 December 2015. Mr. Steen is also a member of the Audit and Risk Committee, of the 
Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee and of the Remuneration Committee. 
 
He graduated from Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule in Zurich, Switzerland in 1975 with a M.Sc. in Industrial 
and Management Engineering. 
 
After working as Consultant in a logistical research and consultancy company, he joined a Norwegian shipping 
company in 1978 with primary focus on business development. Five years later, in 1983, he joined Christiania Bank 
and moved to Luxembourg, where he was responsible for Germany and later the Corporate Division. 
 
In 1987 Mr. Steen became Senior Vice President within the Shipping Division in Oslo and in 1992 he took charge 
of the Shipping/Offshore and Transport Division. 
 
When Christiania Bank merged with Nordea in 2001 he was made Executive Vice President within the newly formed 
organization while adding the International Division to his responsibilities. Mr. Steen remained Head of Shipping, 
Offshore and Oil Services and the International Division until 2011. 
 
Currently, Mr. Steen is a non-executive Director for the following listed companies in the finance, shipping and 
logistics sectors: Golar LNG, where he also sits on the Audit Committee, Wilh Wilhelmsen and Belships. 
 
Anne- Héléne Monsellato, Independent Director 
Anne-Hélène Monsellato serves on the Supervisory Board since her appointment at the AGM of May 2015, and is 
the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee. She can be considered as the Audit and Risk Committee financial 
expert for purposes applicable for corporate governance regulations and Article 3:6 §1, 9° of the Belgian Code on 
Companies and Associations.  
 
Since June 2017, Mrs. Monsellato serves on the Board of Directors of Genfit, a biopharmaceutical company listed 
in Euronext, and is the chairman of the Audit Committee. Mrs. Monsellato is an active member of the French 
National Association of Directors since 2013.                                                             
 
In addition, she is serving as the Vice President and Treasurer of the American Center for Art and Culture, a U.S. 
public foundation based in New York. From 2005 till 2013, Mrs. Monsellato served as a Partner with Ernst & Young 
(now EY), Paris, after having served as Auditor/Senior, Manager and Senior Manager for the firm starting in 1990. 
During her time at EY, she gained extensive experience in cross border listing transactions, in particular with the 
U.S. 
 
She is a Certified Public Accountant in France since 2008 and graduated from EM Lyon in 1990 with a degree in 
Business Management.

--- Page 32 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
32
Grace Reksten Skaugen, Independent Director 
Grace Reksten Skaugen serves on the Supervisory Board since the AGM of 12 May 2016 as an Independent 
Member. She is Chair of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Corporate Governance and Nomination 
Committee, as well as of the Sustainability Committee. 
 
Grace Reksten Skaugen is a Trustee member of The International Institute of Strategic Studies in London. From 
2002 till 2015, she was a member of the Board of Directors of Statoil ASA. She is presently a Board member of 
Investor AB, Lundin Petroleum AB, and PJT Partners, a US boutique investment bank. 
 
In 2009 she was one of the founders of the Norwegian Institute of Directors, of which she continues to be a member 
of the Board. From 1994 till 2002 she was a Director in Corporate Finance in SEB Enskilda Securities in Oslo. She 
has previously worked in the fields of venture capital and shipping in Oslo and London and carried out research in 
microelectronics at Columbia University in New York. She has a doctorate in Laser Physics from Imperial College 
of Science and Technology, University of London. In 1993 she obtained an MBA from the BI Norwegian School of 
Management. 
 
 
Anita Odedra, Independent Director 
Anita Odedra serves on the Supervisory Board since her appointment at the AGM of May 2019, and is member of 
the Audit and Risk Committee and the ESG & Climate Committee. 
 
Anita brings 25 years’ experience in the energy industry, and is currently Chief Commercial Officer at Tellurian Inc. 
Prior roles include Executive Vice President at the Angelicoussis Shipping Group Ltd (ASGL), where she led the 
LNG and oil freight trading businesses and Vice President, Shipping & Commercial Operations for Cheniere. Anita 
spent 19 years at BG Group, where she worked across all aspects of BG’s business including exploration, 
production, trading, marketing, business development, commercial operations and shipping; latterly holding the 
position of VP, Global Shipping. She began her career with ExxonMobil in 1993 as a Geoscience analyst. 
 
Anita was on the Board for the Society of International Gas Tanker and Terminal Operators (SIGGTO) from 2013 
to 2016 and was Chair of GIIGNL’s Commercial Study Group from 2010 to 2015. 
 
She completed her PhD in Rock Physics from University College London & University of Tokyo and has a BSc in 
Geology from Imperial College, University of London. 
 
Carl Trowell, Independent Director 
Carl Trowell serves on the Supervisory Board since his appointment at the AGM of May 2019, and is Chairman of 
the Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee. Since June 
2020, Carl Trowell is the Chief Executive Officer of Acteon Group Ltd., a marine energy and infrastructure services 
company serving the renewables, near-shore construction and oil and gas sectors. 
 
Prior to join Acteon, Carl served as Chief Executive Officer of Ensco PLC, a NYSE listed London-based offshore 
drilling company, since 2014, where he was also a member of the Board of Directors and took up the position of 
Executive Chairman in April 2019 upon closing of the merger with Rowan PLC (subsequently becoming Valaris 
PLC) until April 2020. 
 
Prior to this Carl had an international executive career with Schlumberger Ltd., holding the roles of President of the 
Integrated Project Management, the Production Management and the WesternGeco Seismic divisions of the 
company. Prior to these roles, he held a variety of international management positions within Schlumberger 
including corporate VP for Marketing and Sales and Managing Director North-Sea/Europe region. Mr Trowell began 
his career as a petroleum engineer with Royal Dutch Shell before joining Schlumberger. 
 
Carl has been a member of several energy industry advisory boards, he was formally a supervisory board member 
for EV Private Equity and served as a non-executive director on the board of Ophir Energy PLC from 2016 to 2019. 
Mr Trowell has a PhD in Earth Sciences from the University of Cambridge, a Master of Business Administration 
form the Open University (UK), and a Bachelor of Science degree in Geology from Imperial College London.

--- Page 33 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
33
Management 
 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Management Board of the Euronav NV: 
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Hugo De Stoop (as 
permanent 
representative 
of 
Hecho BV) 
Chief Executive Officer 
Euronav NV, De Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 
Antwerp, Belgium 
Lieve Logghe (as 
permanent 
representative 
of 
Tincc BV) 
Chief Financial Officer 
Euronav NV, De Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 
Antwerp, Belgium 
Alexander 
Staring 
(as 
permanent 
representative 
of 
AST projects BV) 
Chief Operating Officer 
Euronav NV, De Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 
Antwerp, Belgium 
Egied Verbeeck (as 
permanent 
representative 
of 
Echinus BV) 
General Counsel 
Euronav NV, De Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 
Antwerp, Belgium 
Brian Gallagher 
Head 
of 
Investor 
Relations, 
Research & Communications 
Euronav NV, De Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 
Antwerp, Belgium 
Stamatis Bourboulis 
General Manager, Euronav Ship 
Management (Hellas) Ltd. (ESMH) 
Euronav NV, De Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 
Antwerp, Belgium 
 
 
Hugo De Stoop, Chief Executive Officer (as permanent representative of Hecho BV) 
Hugo De Stoop joined Euronav in September 2004 and was appointed Deputy CFO and Head of Investor Relations 
and has been nominated CFO as of 1 January 2008. In May 2019, he assumed the position of CEO. As of 1 October 
2020, he is nominated as Chairman of the ESG & Climate Committee. 
 
Hugo started his career with Mustad International Group, an industrial group with over 30 companies located in five 
continents where he worked as a Project Manager on various assignment in the U.S., Europe and Latin America, 
in order to integrate recently acquired subsidiaries. 
 
He founded First Tuesday in America (the world's largest meeting place for high tech entrepreneurs, venture 
capitalists and companies), helped develop the network in the U.S. and in Latin America and was appointed member 
of the Board of Directors of First Tuesday International. 
 
He then joined Davos Financial Corp. London, an external investment manager for UBS, specialized in asset 
management and private equity, where he became an Associate and later a Vice President. He conducted several 
transactions, including private placement in public equities (PIPE) and investments in real estate. 
  
Hugo De Stoop (1973) studied in Oxford, Madrid and Brussels and graduated from Ecole Polytechnique (ULB) with 
a Master of Science in Engineering. He also holds an MBA from INSEAD (France and Singapore). 
 
Lieve Logghe, Chief Financial Officer (as permanent representative of Tincc BV) 
Lieve Logghe joined Euronav as Chief Financial Officer on 1 January 2020, succeeding Hugo De Stoop who took 
on the role of CEO. Lieve is member of the Euronav Management Board. 
 
Lieve started her career in international finance with an initial 3-year period as Audit Senior with 
PriceWaterhouseCoopers in Belgium. In 1995 Lieve joined Sidmar (currently ArcelorMittal Belgium). She 
progressively moved through the finance organization in different European geographies after the merger between 
Arbed, Usinor, Aceralia and Mittal to her position of Vice President CFO for ArcelorMittal Flat Europe in Luxemburg. 
As from July 2018 she was VP Head of Energy for the ArcelorMittal Europe perimeter. 
 
Lieve (1968) graduated from University of Brussels with a Master in Economics, from Vlerick School for 
Management with a Master in Accounting and from EHSAL Management School with an expertise in Fiscal 
Sciences. She is a Certified Internal Auditor (IIA) since 1997. 
 
Alexander Staring, Chief Operating Officer (as permanent representative of AST projects BV) 
In July 2005, Captain Alex Staring was appointed Chief Operating Officer of Euronav and as of July 2010 he is also 
in charge of the offshore segment.

--- Page 34 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
34
After graduating in Maritime Sciences, he started his career at sea in 1985. Mr. Staring obtained his Master's and 
Chief Engineer's license and spent the majority of his time at sea on Shell and CMB's tankers whereof the last 3 
years as Master. He came ashore in 1997 and headed up SGS training and gas centre. 
 
In 1998 he rejoined CMB and moved to London to head the Operations team at their subsidiary, Euronav UK. In 
early 2000, international shipping companies, AP Moller, Euronav, Frontline, OSG, Osprey Maritime and 
Reederei'Nord' Klaus E Oldendorff agreed to consolidate the commercial management of their VLCCs by operating 
them in a Pool. Tankers International LLC was set up and Captain Alex Staring became Director of Operations.  
 
Captain Alex Staring (1965) graduated in Maritime sciences from the Maritime Institute in Flushing, The 
Netherlands. 
 
Egied Verbeeck, General Counsal (as permanent representative of Echinus BV) 
Egied Verbeeck joined Euronav in 2006 and was appointed General Counsel. Furthermore, he is member of the 
ESG & Climate Committee. 
 
Formerly a member of the Antwerp bar, and Managing Associate at Linklaters, he has a broad experience in 
corporate and securities law, finance and mergers and acquisitions.  
 
Egied Verbeeck (1974) graduated in Law from the Catholic University of Louvain in 1998. He also holds a Master 
Degree in International Business Law from Kyushu University (Japan) and a Postgraduate Degree in Corporate 
Finance from the Catholic University of Louvain. 
 
Brian Gallagher, Head of Investor Relations, Research & Communications 
Brian Gallagher joined Euronav in March 2014 and was appointed Head of Investor Relations and Communications 
as from 1st of January 2019. Furthermore, he is a member of the ESG & Climate Committee. 
 
He began his fund management career at the British Coal Pension fund unit, CIN Management, before moving to 
Aberdeen Asset Management in 1996. 
 
Managing and marketing a range of UK investment products Brian Gallagher then progressed to Murray Johnstone 
in 1999 and then was headhunted by Gartmore Investment Management in 2000 to manage a range of UK equity 
income products. 
 
In 2007 he then set up a retail fund at UBS Global Asset Management before switching into Investor Relations as 
IR Director at APR Energy in 2011. 
 
Brian Gallagher (1970) graduated in Economics from Birmingham University in 1992. 
 
Stamatis Bourboulis, General Manager, Euronav Ship Management (Hellas) Ltd. (ESMH) 
Stamatis Bourboulis (1957) has been General Manager of Euronav Ship Management (Hellas) Ltd. since its 
inception in November 2005. He was appointed to the Euronav Management Board on 1st of January, 2019. 
Furthermore, he is a member of the ESG & Climate Committee. 
 
Following his employment in a chemical factory, ship building and ship repair shipyards in Greece, he joined Ceres 
Hellenic Shipping Enterprises Ltd in October 1990 as Superintendent Engineer and dealt with various types of 
vessels.  
 
In 1997 he became Ship Manager for the Crude Oil Tankers and OBOs. In 2000 Stamatis Bourboulis undertook 
the position of Technical Manager for the Ceres fleet of Dry Bulk, Crude Oil, Chemical and LNG Carriers. He is a 
member of Intertanko Safety and Technical Committee (ISTEC), DNVGL and RINA Greek Technical Committee. 
 
He graduated from the National Technical University of Athens as a Naval Architect and Marine Engineer in 1981. 
9.2 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interest  
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer or the Guarantors of the persons referred 
to in item 9.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 35 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
35
10 Major shareholders 
10.1 Ownership  
The share capital of Euronav Luxembourg S.A. is USD 1,000,000 divided into 1,544,704 shares at a nominal value 
of USD 0,65 each. The Company is wholly owned by Euronav NV.  
 
Euronav NV is a dual listed company. The company’s shares are listed on two listing exchanges: Euronext Brussels 
and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). The shares are identical and have the same rights. Euronav’s share 
capital amounts to USD 239,147,506.82 and is represented by 220,024,713 shares. 
 
The table below shows the shareholder structure of Euronav NV on 18 February 20221 Information about the 
shareholder structure of Euronav NV is available on: https://www.euronav.com/. 
 
 
 
For the major shareholders, this is the situation stated in the most recent notifications made under the Belgian 
transparency rules or (if more recent) disclosures made under other applicable legislation. These can be consulted 
in the section “Transparency” on this website.  
 
If a shareholder reaches a stockholding position of 5% or a multiple of 5%, he/she must make a "notification of 
major holding". Please find more information on the procedure under "Transparency". 
 
Any transparency notifications made under U.S. applicable legislation can be found in the section "SEC Filings" in 
the investors section on the website ("Schedule 13G"). 
 
  
10.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 Please see https://www.euronav.com/investors/share-securities-information/shareholders-structure/ 
The information on the website mentioned above does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 36 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
36
11 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
11.1 Historical Financial Information 
 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. was incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg on 10 May 1995 as a limited 
company (“société anonyme”). The Issuer maintains its books of accounts and prepares the financial statements in 
conformity with all the legal requirements and the rules of the Luxembourg Company Law of 19 December 2002, 
as subsequently amended. 
 
The Issuer's accounting policies are shown in Annual Report 2020, pages 17-19, note 2.  
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the historical financial 
information and financial statements are incorporated by reference to The Interim Report per 31 December 2021, 
Interim Report per 30 June 2021, Annual Report 2020 and Annual Report 2019. The Interim Report per 31 
December 2021, Interim Report per 30 June 2021, Annual Report 2020, Annual Report 2019 and Euronav 
Luxembourg Statements of Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 are 
attached as Annex 2.1.1, Annex 2.1 2, Annex 2.1.3, Annex 2.1.4 and Annex 2.1.5 respectively. 
Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
Interim Report 
Interim Report 
Annual Report 
 
per 31 December 2021 
Unaudited 
per 30 June 2021 
Unaudited 
2020 
Audited 
2019 
Audited 
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
1-5 
1-5 
11-15 
11-15 
 
Profit and Loss Account  
 
6-7 
 
6-7 
 
16-17 
 
16-17 
 
Statements of cash flows 
 
8-10 
 
8-10 
 
1-6 
 
1-6 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
- 
 
- 
 
18-26 
 
18-28 
 
Euronav NV 
Euronav NV’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and as adopted by the 
European Union as of December 31, 2020.   
 
The Euronav NV’s accounting policies are shown in Guarantor Annual Report 2020, pages F-14-F-35, Note 1.  
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the historical financial 
information and financial statements are incorporated by reference to the Guarantor Interim Report Q4 2021, The 
Guarantor Interim Report per 30 June 2021,  the Guarantor Annual Report 2020 Form 20-F and the Guarantor 
Annual Report 2019 Form 20-F , see Cross Reference List for complete web address. 
 
 
Interim Report 
Interim Report 
Annual Report 
 
Q4 2021 
Unadited 
per 30 June 2021 
Unadited 
2020 
Audited 
2019 
Audited 
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Euronav NV Consolidated 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated statement of financial 
position  
 
12 
 
2 
 
F-5 to F-6 
 
F-4 to F-5 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated statement of profit and 
loss 
 
13 
 
3 
 
F-7 
 
F-6 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income 
 
14 
 
3 
 
F-8 
 
F-7 
 
Consolidated statements of cash 
flows 
 
 
16 
 
 
5 
 
 
F-11 to F-12 
 
 
F-10 to F-11 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements 
 
 
- 
 
 
7-24 
 
 
F-13 to F-112 
 
 
F-12 to F-107

--- Page 37 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
37
 
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
11.2.1 Statement of audited historical financial information 
 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
The Issuer’s annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 were audited by KPMG 
Luxembourg, Société coopérative. Please see Section 4.  
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Issuer’s Annual Report 2020 pages 8-10,  the 
Issuer’s Annual Report 2019 pages 8-10, and in the audited Statements of Cash flows for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019, pages 1-3 attached as 2.1.3, 2.1.4 and 2.1.5 respectively. 
 
The auditor’s report included in the Issuer Annual Report 2020 and 2019, pages 8-10 include an Emphasis of 
matter. 
 
“We draw attention to Note 17 of the annual accounts, which describes the uncertainties and potential effects of 
Covid-19 on the financial position and performance of the Company. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this 
matter.” 
 
Euronav NV 
The Guarantor’s annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 were audited by  
KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV. Please see Section 4.  
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Guarantor Annual Report 2020 Form 20 F, 
pages F-2 – F4 and Guarantor Annual Report 2019 Form 20 F, pages F-2 – F3. 
 
The auditor’s report included in the Guarantor Annual Report 2020 Form 20 F, pages F-2 – F-4 includes a critical 
audit matter.  
 
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the 2020 audit of the consolidated financial 
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to 
accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially 
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any 
way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the 
critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures 
to which it relates. 
 
«Assessment of impairment indicators and carrying value for vessels in the Tankers segment 
As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the net carrying value of vessels in the Tankers 
segment (vessels and vessels in assets under construction and in right of use assets) as of December 31, 2020 
was $3.1 billion, representing 85% of the Group’s total assets. As discussed in Note 1 and Note 8, at each reporting 
date, the Group evaluates the carrying value of vessels for impairment at the level of the cash generating unit 
(CGU), by identifying events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying value of these CGUs may not 
be recoverable. The Group identified two impairment indicators for its CGU’s included in the Tankers segment: (1) 
the significant drop in market rates and (2) the very low share price of the Group. The Group subsequently 
performed its annual impairment tests for each CGU in its Tankers segment, considering management’s estimates 
and assumptions such as vessel values, expected future charter rates, earnings from the vessels, forecasted vessel 
operating expenses, weighted average cost of capital (WACC) and economic life of vessels. The Group concluded 
that the recoverable amount (value in use - VIU) of each defined CGU in its Tankers segment exceeded the CGU’s 
carrying value as of December 31, 2020 and consequently, that no impairment loss needed to be recorded as of 
December 31, 2020. 
We identified the assessment of impairment indicators and carrying value of vessels included in the Tankers 
segment as a critical audit matter. The Group's evaluation of the existence of impairment indicators considers both 
internal and external data, such as vessel and crude oil supply and demand trends, and changes in the extent and 
manner in which vessels are expected to be used. The assessment of the impact of these indicators on each CGU 
requires a high degree of auditor judgment. This is due to the existence of unobservable information and the 
unpredictability of global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions affecting freight rates over the CGU’s useful 
life. There is also a high degree of auditor judgment involved in evaluating certain key assumptions such as the 
WACC, expected future charter rates and forecasted vessel operating expenses applied in determining the VIU of 
the vessels. 
 
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter:

--- Page 38 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
38
 
• 
We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the 
vessel impairment process. This included controls related to the assessment of the impact of internal and 
external impairment indicators, such as vessel and crude oil supply and demand trends and changes in 
the extent and manner in which vessels are expected to be used. This also included controls related to 
certain key assumptions used by management in determining the VIU of the vessels, such as the WACC, 
expected future charter rates and forecasted vessel operating expenses; 
 
• 
We evaluated the information and assumptions used by the Group in its assessment of the existence of 
impairment indicators by comparing information such as vessel and crude oil supply and demand trends, 
and changes in the extent and manner in which vessels are expected to be used, to historical information, 
external third-party information such as brokers’ reports and other industry data as well as to internal data; 
 
• 
We evaluated the Group’s VIU calculations for each CGU included in the Tankers segment by comparing 
the assumptions used by the Group with our knowledge of the Group’s business and the industry in which 
it operates, the Group’s future, current and historical charter rates and vessel operating expenses, third-
party industry publications for conventional tankers with similar characteristics and other available 
observable market information; 
 
• 
We evaluated the recoverability of the carrying value of each CGU in the Tankers segment by comparing 
to the average value of two independent broker values; 
 
• 
We performed a retrospective comparison of historical expected charter rates and vessel operating 
expenses used in the Group’s VIU calculations to actual charter rates and vessel operating expenses 
incurred by the Group in prior years; 
 
• 
We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the 
reasonableness of the WACC by developing a range of rates and comparing this to the WACC used by 
the Group; and 
 
• 
We performed sensitivity analyses on the WACC and the future charter rates used by the Group to assess 
the impact of changes to the assumptions, and assess whether there were any indications of management 
bias in the selection of these assumptions.” 
 
11.2.2 Other audited informtion 
No other information in this Base Prospectus has been audited. 
 
 
11.3 Age of latest financial information 
 
11.3.1 Last year of audited financial information 
 
The last year of audited financial information is 2020 for both the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
 
 
11.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
The Guarantor is currently involved in a litigation. The claim has been submitted on January 15, 2021 by Unicredit 
Bank in London with the High Court of Justice of England and Wales. The claim relates to an alleged misdelivery 
of 101,809 metric tons of low sulphur fuel oil that was transported by the Suezmax vessel, Sienna. The charterer, 
Gulf Petrochem FZC, a company of GP Global, instructed the vessel to discharge the cargo at Sohar without 
presentation of the bill of lading but against a letter of indemnification issued by the charterer as is customary 
practice in the crude oil shipping industry. Unicredit bank, who had financed the cargo for an amount of USD 
26,367,200 and had become the holder of the bill of lading, was not repaid in accordance with the financing 
arrangements agreed with Gulf Petrochem FZC. As holder of the bill of lading, Unicredit Bank is now claiming that 
amount of USD 26,367,200 together with interest from the Guarantor. The GP Global group is currently under a 
restructuring plan and any recourse under the letter of indemnity issued by Gulf Petrochem FZC is therefore 
doubtful. The Guarantor believes that it has followed well established standard working practices and that it has 
valid defense arguments. Based on an external legal advice, management believes that it has strong arguments 
that the risk of an outflow is less than probable and therefore no provision is recognized.  
 
Apart from the above the Guarantor nor the Issuer are involved in any legal or arbitration proceedings nor are any 
such proceedings that could have a material impact on the financials of the Group expected.

--- Page 39 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
39
 
 
 
11.5 Significant change in the Company’s financial position 
 
In comparison to 2020 where the guarantor could report a net profit of 473,2 M USD, the earnings of 2021 are under 
pressure due to the reduction in global crude oil demand mainly driven by the outbreak of COVID-19. Similarly, the 
earnings of the issuer are under pressure for the same reason, following the trends as described in paragraph 8.2 
above. 
 
Apart from the disclosed above, no further significant change has occurred for the Issuer or Guarantor since the 
end of the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published.

--- Page 40 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
40
12 Documents available  
 
The following documents (or copies thereof) may be inspected for the life of the Base Prospectus at the 
headquarters of the Company, 25, boulevard Prince Henri, L-1724 Luxembourg, or at https://www.euronav.com/: 
 
(a) the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Company and the Guarantor; 
 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Company's 
and the Guaranot’s request, any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus; 
 
Articles of association of the Issuer is available as Annex 1.1.1 and the Guarantor is available as Annex 1.1.2.  
 
The Interim Financial Information per 30 June 2021, The Interim Financial Information per 30 June 2021, the Annual 
Report 2020 and 2019 for Euronav Luxembourg S.A. and Audited Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 are available as Annexes 2.1.1, 2.1.3, 2.1.4 and 2.1.5 respectively.

--- Page 41 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
41
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can take 
place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing Limit 
will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3 or 6 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths 
are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days prior to 
each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly or semi-annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding 
of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail.

--- Page 42 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
42
 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined in the Bond 
Terms. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new issue. 
 
 
Bond 
Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms, including the 
Initial Temporary Bonds and any Additional Bonds, and (ii) any overdue and unpaid principal 
which has been issued under a separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD 
from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The terms and conditions, including all Attachments which shall form 
an integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, 
subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders 
in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement 
of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such 
steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the 
Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents. 
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue.

--- Page 43 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
43
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system and the 
relevant currency of the Bonds settlement system are open. 
 
 
Business 
Day 
Conventon: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day (Following Business Day convention). 
 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the Outstanding 
Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
 
Change 
of 
Control 
Event: 
Means a person or group of persons acting in concert (other than Saverco and Victrix) gaining 
Decisive Influence over the Parent. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of 
days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in which 
case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days 
basis). 
 
 
Decisive Influence: 
Means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or 
interests in another person (directly or indirectly): 
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other 
person. 
 
 
Default Notice: 
Means a written notice to the Issuer as described in the Bond Terms (Acceleration of the Bonds) 
due to an Event of Default. 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account. 
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 44 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
44
 
 
Early 
redemption 
option due to a tax 
event: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem all (but not only some) of the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date due to a tax event. 
 
In such case the terms of the early redemption option will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Event of Default 
Means any of the events or circumstances specified in the Bond Terms (Events of Default). 
 
 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on markets in 
financial instruments (MiFIR).  
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
 
Guarantee: 
Means the unconditional and irrevocable Norwegian law corporate guarantee (Norwegian: 
“selvskyldnerkausjon”) from the Guarantor, pursuant to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Guarantor: 
Means the Parent 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment Date 
corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
45
Joint 
Lead 
Manager/Joint 
Bookrunners: 
The bond issue’s joint lead manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Listing Failure Event: 
Means: 
a) 
that the Bonds (save for any Temporary Bonds) have not been admitted to listing on 
an Exchange within 9 months following the Issue Date, or 
b) 
any Additional Bonds have not been admitted to listing on an Exchange within 3 months 
following the issue date for such Additional Bonds, or 
c) 
in the case of a successful admission to listing, that a period of 3 months has elapsed 
since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on an Exchange. 
 
 
Mandatory repurchase 
due to a Put Option 
Event: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Bondholder will have the right (the “Put Option”) to require 
that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 
101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount due to a Put Option Event. 
 
In such case the terms of the Mandatory repurchase (Put Option) will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a 
Bookrunner may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option, Early redemption option due to a tax event, Mandatory early redemption Event or 
due to a Default Notice. The Maturity Date coincides with the last Interest Payment Date and is 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Parent: 
Means Euronav NV, incorporated under the laws of Belgium with business registration number 
0860.402.767, being the direct 100% owner of the Issuer. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond issue 
in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Loan from time to time. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an Exchange.

--- Page 46 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
46
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder 
will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
 Means a Change of Control Event. 
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not already 
redeemed pursuant to Call Option, Put Option, Early redemption option due to a tax event, 
Mandatory early redemption due to a Total Loss Event or due to a Default Notice.  
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Saverco: 
Means Saverco NV, a company incorporated in Belgium whose registered office is at de 
Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 Antwerp, Belgium. 
 
 
Securities 
Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen or VPS), P.O. Box 4, 0051 Oslo. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or more 
occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds have 
been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds 
outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate nominal 
amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap issues 
under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a new prospectus in order 
for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the Additional Bonds may be issued 
under a separate ISIN (such Bonds referred to as the “Temporary Bonds”). Upon the approval 
of the prospectus, the Issuer shall (i) notify the Bond Trustee, the Exchange and the Paying 
Agent and (ii) ensure that the Temporary Bonds are converted into the ISIN for the Bonds. 
 
 
Victrix: 
Means Victrix NV, a company incorporated in Belgium whose registered office is at Le Grellelei 
20, 2600 Berchem, Belgium. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest period 
can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the Issue 
Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date.

--- Page 47 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
47
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske sertifikat- 
og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in January 2020: 
https://www.finansanalytiker.no/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Rentekonvensjon-pr-januar-2020-
v2.pdf  
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any Bond 
Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding of 
the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
(a) The Issuer will use the net proceeds (i.e.net of fees and legal costs of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and 
any other cost and expenses incurred in connection with the Initial Bond Issue) from the issuance of any 
Additional Bonds for  
 
(i) 
refinancing the Existing Bonds; and/or 
 
(ii) 
general corporate purposes of the Group, including refinancing of other debt.  
 
Other use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on Issuer’s 
website https://www.euronav.com/, or on the Issuer's visit address, 25, boulevard Prince Henri, L-1724 
Luxembourg, or their successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period 
Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition of 
"Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of “Market 
Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 123,000. In addition, there is 
a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will be 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 48 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
48
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between themselves 
and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by 
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated 
debt. 
 
The Bonds are unsecured. 
 
Guarantee 
The Guarantor hereby, irrevocably and unconditionally:  
 
a) 
guarantees to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as for its own debt and not merely as surety 
(Norwegian: selvskyldnerkausjon), the due and punctual performance by the Issuer of all its obligations 
under the Finance Documents and accepts that the Bond Trustee may make a demand to the Guarantor 
for immediate payment of any due and unpaid amount (interest, principal and/or other) under any Finance 
Document; and 
 
b) 
undertakes with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that, whenever the Issuer does not pay 
any amount when due under or in connection with any Finance Document, the Guarantor shall, on the 
Bond Trustee`s first written demand and in no event any later than 5 Business Days after the Guarantor`s 
receipt of such demand, pay that amount to the Bond Trustee or as it directs as if it were the principal 
obligor in respect of that amount.  
 
Waiver 
The Guarantor hereby waives:  
 
a) 
any requirement that the Bond Trustee or any of the Bondholders in case of any Event of Default first have 
to make demand upon or seek to enforce remedies against the Issuer;  
 
b) 
any right to exercise a right of subrogation into the rights of the Bondholders under the Bond Terms, without 
the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee until such time that no amounts are outstanding under these 
Bond Terms and any other Finance Documents;  
 
c) 
any right to claim reimbursement from the Issuer and/or itself for payment made hereunder until such time 
that no amounts are outstanding under these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document; and  
 
d) 
any requirement that additional Security shall be provided or maintained.  
 
 
Continuing Guarantee  
The Guarantee is a continuing Guarantee and will extend to the ultimate balance of all sums payable by the Issuer 
under the Finance Documents, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part. 
 
Please see Bond Terms for definitions. The kind security will be specified in th Final Terms.  
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond Terms 
on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for 
in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the Joint 
Bookrunner(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Issuer is subject to the laws 
of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Guarantor is subject to the laws of Belgium.

--- Page 49 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
49
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) before 
listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a Bond 
Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the 
Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.

--- Page 50 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
50
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.6 Rating 
The Issuer has not been rated. 
 
The Bonds have not been rated. 
 
 
Other rating will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 3.

--- Page 51 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
51
Cross reference list 
 
Reference 
in 
Base 
Propectus 
Refers to 
Details 
11.1 
Financial 
statements 
Guarantor Interim Report per 31 December 
2021, 
available 
at: 
https://www.euronav.com/investors/compan
y-news-reports/press-
releases/2022/euronav-announces-fourth-
quarter-2021-results/ 
Euronav NV Consolidated 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
financial 
position 
(unaudited) page 12 
Consolidated statement of profit and loss, page 13 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
page 14 
Consolidated statement of cash flow, page 16 
 
 
Guarantor Interim Report per 30 June 2021, 
available 
at: 
https://www.euronav.com/investors/compan
y-news-reports/annual-
reports/2021/consolidated-results-30-06-
2021/ 
Euronav NV Consolidated 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
financial 
position 
(unaudited) page 2 
Consolidated statement of profit and loss, page 3 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
page 3 
Consolidated statement of cash flow, page 5 
Notes to the consolidated statements, pages 7-24 
11.1 
Financial 
statements 
Guarantor Annual Report 2020, available at: 
https://otp.tools.investis.com/clients/us/euro
nav/SEC/sec-
show.aspx?FilingId=14872939&Cik=000160
4481&Type=PDF&hasPdf=1  
Euronav NV Consolidated 
Consolidated statement of financial position pages 
F-5 to F-6 
Consolidated statement of profit and loss, page F-7  
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
page F-8 
Consolidated statement of cash flow, pages F-11 to 
F-12 
Notes to the consolidated statements, pages F-13 to 
F-112  
 
Guarantor Annual Report 2019, available at: 
https://otp.tools.investis.com/clients/us/euro
nav/SEC/sec-
show.aspx?FilingId=14105765&Cik=000160
4481&Type=PDF&hasPdf=1 
Euronav NV Consolidated 
Consolidated statement of financial position) pages 
F-4 to F-5  
Consolidated statement of profit and loss, page F-6 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
page F-7 
Consolidated statement of cash flow, page F-10 to 
F-11 
Notes to the consolidated statements, pages F-12 to 
F-107 
11.2 Auditing of 
historical annual 
financial 
information 
Guarantor Annual Report 2020, available at: 
https://otp.tools.investis.com/clients/us/euro
nav/SEC/sec-
show.aspx?FilingId=14872939&Cik=000160
4481&Type=PDF&hasPdf=1  
Euronav NV Consolidated 
Auditors report pages F-2 to F-4 
 
 
 
 
 
Guarantor Annual Report 2019, available at: 
https://otp.tools.investis.com/clients/us/euro
nav/SEC/sec-
show.aspx?FilingId=14105765&Cik=000160
4481&Type=PDF&hasPdf=1  
Euronav NV Consolidated 
Auditors report pages F-2 to F-3 
 
References to the above-mentioned documents are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
52
Joint Bookrunners' disclaimer 
 
Arctic Securities AS, DNB Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Apb, filial I Norge and Skandinviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), 
the Joint Bookrunners, have assisted the Company in preparing the Base Prospectus. The Joint Bookrunners have 
not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and the Joint Bookrunners expressly disclaim any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the issuance or distribution of bonds by Euronav Luxembourg S.A.  
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Bookrunners, available at their respective 
websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different parts of 
the Joint Bookrunners may prevent employees of the Joint Bookrunners who are preparing this Base Prospectus 
from utilizing or being aware of information available to the Joint Bookrunners and/or any of their affiliated 
companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint 
Bookrunners, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such 
information or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo, 18 March 2022 
 
Arctic Securities AS   DNB Bank ASA    Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge   Skandinviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
  (www.arctic.com)      (www.dnb.no)                 (www.nordea.no) 
 
     (www.seb.no)

--- Page 53 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
53
Annexes 1.1.1 – 1.1.2 Articles of Association for Euronav 
Luxembourg S.A. and Euronav NV 
Annex 1.1.1 Articles of Association for Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
Annex 1.1.2 Articles of Association for Euronav NV

--- Page 80 ---
TRANSLATION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EURONAV NV 
 
Limited Liability Company (under Belgian Law) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered within the jurisdiction of the Enterprise Court of Antwerp 
Enterprise number 0860.402.767 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COORDINATED ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
of 20 FEBRUARY 2020

--- Page 81 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
SECTION 1. LEGAL FORM - NAME – REGISTERED OFFICE – OBJECT – 
DURATION 
 
Article 1.  
The company has the legal form of a limited liability company 
(“naamloze vennootschap”). Its denomination is “EURONAV”.  
 
Article 2.  
The registered office of the company is established in the Flemish 
Region. 
 
Article 3.  
The object of the company consists of all operations related to the 
maritime transport and ship owning, particularly chartering in and 
out, acquisition and sale of ships, opening and operation of regular 
shipping lines.  
 
This enumeration is not restrictive. 
 
Furthermore, the object of the company also comprises the 
acquisition, the management, the sale and transfer of participating 
interests in all existing or still to be incorporated companies, with 
industrial, financial or commercial activities. 
 
The company is also authorised to associate with any private person, 
companies or associations having a similar object, to merge with 
them and to bring in or to transfer to them, temporarily or definitely, 
the whole or part of its assets. 
 
The company may carry out, both in Belgium and abroad, all 
operations involving real and immovable property, all financial, 
commercial and industrial operations, which have a direct or indirect 
connection with its object and namely all operations concerning the 
transport of all kind, by air, by sea and waterways, and by land. 
 
The company is also entitled to provide its assets as collateral security 
for financing granted to the group of companies to which it belongs, 
to the extent that such financing is useful for its activity or the activity 
of the companies belonging to its group or the realisation of its 
corporate objects. 
 
The general meeting of shareholders is entitled to modify the object 
under the conditions of the applicable law. 
 
Article 4. 
The company is founded for an unlimited period of time. 
 
The company may be dissolved only by decision of the general 
shareholders’ meeting under the conditions provided by law for 
amendment of the articles of association. 
 
SECTION 2. SHARE CAPITAL - SHAREHOLDERS 
 
Article 5.  
The share capital of the company amounts to two hundred thirty- 
nine million one hundred forty-seven thousand five hundred and five 
US Dollars and eighty-two cents (USD 239,147,505.82) and is 
represented by two hundred twenty million twenty-four thousand 
seven hundred thirteen (220,024,713) shares without par value. 
The share capital is paid up in full. 
 
The reference value of the share capital for purposes of implementing 
the provisions of the applicable law amounts to two hundred and 
three million four hundred sixty thousand five hundred twenty-nine

--- Page 82 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
euro and three cents (EUR 203,460,529.03). This value is based on 
the exchange rate of the US Dollar on the eleventh of June two 
thousand eighteen (14h15) published by the European Central Bank, 
as it appears from the bank statement delivered by BNP Paribas 
Fortis on the eleventh of June two thousand eighteen, attached 
to the authentic deed executed on the twelfth of June two thousand 
eighteen before the Civil Law Notary Van Ooteghem, in Temse, 
containing modification of the articles of association. 
 
Article 6.  
Whenever the share capital is increased, and except when the 
remuneration of contributions in kind is concerned, the new shares 
must be offered first to the existing shareholders in proportion to the 
amount of capital that their shares represent at the time of the issue. 
 
However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the general shareholders’ 
meeting can at all times decide, under the conditions provided 
by law for amendment of the articles of association, that the whole 
or part of the new shares to be subscribed in cash, will not be 
offered by preference to the existing shareholders. When suspending 
or restricting the preferential 
subscription right, the general 
shareholders’ meeting may give the existing shareholders a right of 
priority on allotment of new the shares. 
 
The general shareholders’ meeting may also decide to issue 
convertible bonds or subscription rights, whether or not linked to 
subordinated or unsubordinated bonds. On such issue, the general 
shareholders’ meeting may suspend or restrict the preferential 
subscription rights of existing shareholders. If the preferential 
subscription rights are suspended or restricted, a right of priority may 
be granted to existing shareholders on allotment of the bonds or 
subscription rights. 
 
In all cases, the management board is empowered, under the terms 
and conditions it thinks fit, to enter into agreements in order to 
ensure the subscription of the whole or part of the shares to be 
issued. 
 
Article 7.  
The supervisory board is authorised to increase the share capital 
in one or several times subject to the terms and conditions to be 
determined by the supervisory board and in accordance with the at 
the time of the share capital increase prevailing legal provisions.  
 
Furthermore, the supervisory board is authorised to decide in one or 
several times on the issue of convertible bonds, subordinated or 
otherwise, or subscription rights, whether or not linked to 
subordinated or unsubordinated bonds and which may lead to 
increases of share capital. 
 
This authorisation is granted for an amount of: 
 
(i) 
twenty-five million (25,000,000) US Dollars.  Upon deciding 
within the framework of this part of the authorisation on a 
share capital increase or on an issue of the aforementioned 
convertible bonds or subscription rights to which in principle 
the 
preferential 
subscription 
rights 
of 
the 
existing 
shareholders apply, the supervisory board is authorised, in the 
company’s interest, to (i) restrict or suspend the preferential 
subscription rights of the existing shareholders or (ii) restrict 
or suspend the preferential subscription rights of the existing

--- Page 83 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
shareholders in favour of one or more specific persons, other 
than employees of the company or of its subsidiaries. If the 
preferential subscription rights are suspended or restricted, 
the supervisory board may grant a right of priority to the 
existing shareholders on allotment of the new shares, 
convertible bonds or subscription rights; and 
 
(ii) 
one hundred and twenty million (120,000,000) US Dollars. 
Upon deciding on a share capital increase or on an issue of the 
aforementioned convertible bonds or subscription rights within 
the framework of this part of the authorisation, the 
supervisory board is not authorized to restrict or suspend the 
preferential subscription rights of existing shareholders. 
The reference value of the authorised capital by implementation of 
the applicable law amounts to twenty-three million one hundred and 
forty-eight thousand one hundred and forty-eight euro and fifteen 
cents (EUR 23.148.148,15) in respect of item (i) above, respectively 
one hundred and eleven million one hundred and eleven thousand one 
hundred and eleven euro and eleven cents (EUR 111.111.111,11) in 
respect of item (ii) above. This value is based on the exchange 
rate of the US Dollar on 19 February 2020 published by the European 
Central Bank, as it appears from the bank statement delivered by 
BNP Paribas Fortis Bank on 19 February 2020, attached to the 
authentic deed executed on 20 February 2020 before The Civil Law 
Notary De Cleene, in Antwerp, replacing The Civil Law Notary Patrick 
Van Ooteghem of Temse, unable to so act by reasons of ratione loci. 
 
The increases of the share capital decided upon under this 
authorisation may be carried out by both contribution in cash or in 
kind and by the incorporation of reserves, including the share 
premium account available for distribution. The reserves may be 
incorporated with or without new shares being issued. 
 
In addition, the supervisory board is authorized to determine the 
dividend entitlement of the shares that will be issued following share 
capital increases and of the shares that will be issued following the 
conversion of the bonds or exercise of the subscription rights carried 
out under this authorisation. 
 
The supervisory board may exercise this authorisation during the five 
years following publication of the decision of the extraordinary general 
shareholders’ meeting of 20 February 2020. This authorisation can be 
renewed in accordance with the at the time of the renewal prevailing 
legal provisions. 
 
Article 8.  
In the event the supervisory board requires the subscribers to the 
share capital increase to pay a share premium, such premium 
shall be automatically recorded in the company's accounts as an 
unavailable reserve called "share premium", which shall form part 
of the shareholders' equity in the same way as the company's share 
capital, and which can only be reduced or deleted by a decision of 
the general shareholders' meeting in accordance with the provisions 
of the applicable law, except if it is incorporated in the company's 
share capital, which decision can be taken by the supervisory board. 
 
The supervisory board may enter into agreements with respect to 
the paying up of the share capital increase which it has decided upon. 
 
Article 9.  
The capital calls are done by registered letter, at least one month

--- Page 84 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
before their payability. The management board fixes the amount and 
the due date of the capital calls. 
 
By default of payment on calls on the fixed date of maturity the 
interest rate due to the company will be the rate of interest of the 
marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank increased by 
one per cent, to be calculated as from the date of payability, 
without summons nor claims before court. In case the payment is 
not carried out within one month from the date of payability and 
within a week after the publication of a simple notice in the Belgian 
Official Gazette, the management board is empowered to have the 
shares that are in arrears with calls to be sold on the stock exchange 
through a stockbroker, for account and risk of the defaulting 
shareholders. 
 
The defaulting shareholders will have to make up for the difference 
between the subscription price and the price obtained, less the 
payments already made. 
 
The right to have the shares sold will not bar the company to exercise 
simultaneously other means provided by law. 
 
Article 10.  
The shares are, at the option of the shareholder, registered shares or 
dematerialized shares. 
 
Each shareholder may at all times and at his own expense request 
the conversion of his shares into registered or dematerialized shares. 
 
Shares shall remain registered until they are fully paid up.  
 
Article 11.  
A share register is kept at the registered office of the company and 
may be split by decision of the supervisory board in accordance with 
the provisions of the applicable law. 
 
The register of registered shares, the register of any registered bonds 
or any other registered securities or financial instruments issued by 
the company may be held in electronic form.  
 
Article 12.  
The company recognises only one owner per share. 
 
In case several persons are the owners of a share, the company is 
entitled to suspend the exercise of the rights attached thereto until 
one person only has been appointed to act as the owner of the 
share in respect of the company. 
 
Article 13.  
Under the conditions laid down by law, the company and its direct and 
indirect subsidiaries may acquire and dispose of the shares of the 
company.  
 
 
SECTION 3. MANAGEMENT – CONTROL 
 
Section 3.1. Two-tier board structure 
 
Article 14.  
The company is managed by a supervisory board of at least five and 
maximum ten members, whether shareholders or not, and a 
management board of at least three members. One cannot be a 
member of both boards.  
 
The members of the supervisory board are appointed for a term of

--- Page 85 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
maximum four years by the general shareholders’ meeting and at any 
time removable by it. The members of the management board are 
appointed and dismissed by the supervisory board. 
 
At least three of the thus appointed members of the supervisory 
board shall meet the criteria stated in the applicable law with respect 
to independent directors. 
 
The term of office of the members of the supervisory board comes to 
an end immediately after the ordinary general shareholders’ meeting. 
 
If a membership is entrusted to a legal entity, it appoints one physical 
person as its permanent representative in accordance with the 
provisions of the applicable law, subject to acceptance of this person 
by the other members of the respective board of the company. 
 
Section 3.2. Supervisory board 
 
Article 15.  
The supervisory board is responsible for the general policy and 
strategy of the company and has the power to perform all acts that 
are exclusively reserved to it by the applicable law. The supervisory 
board drafts all reports and proposals in accordance with books 12 
and 14 of the Code of Companies and Associations. It supervises the 
management board.  
 
Within the limits of its authority, the supervisory board may confer 
special powers on agents of its choice. 
 
Article 16.  
In case of vacancy of the mandate of a member of the supervisory 
board due to the death, resignation or another reason, the remaining 
members of the supervisory board may arrange for replacement.  
 
In that case, the next general shareholders’ meeting will make a 
definitive appointment. 
 
A member nominated under the circumstances mentioned above, is 
only appointed for the time required to terminate the mandate of the 
member whose place he takes, unless otherwise decided by the 
general shareholders’ meeting. 
 
Article 17. 
The supervisory board elects a chairman among its members and 
may also elect one or more vice-chairmen. The supervisory board 
shall appoint its secretary, who need not to be a member. 
 
Article 18.  
Unless the supervisory board should make other arrangements, it 
shall function as follows. 
 
The supervisory board meets (i) at the request and under the 
chairmanship of its chairman, or in case of impediment of the latter, 
of a vice-chairman, or in their absence, of a member who is appointed 
by his colleagues, (ii) whenever this is required by the company's 
interest and (iii) whenever at least three members are requesting it.  
 
Notices of the meetings of the supervisory board are properly given 
in writing, by telecopy, by electronic mail or by phone. The meeting 
is held at the place mentioned in the convening notices. 
 
The supervisory board meetings may be held by telephone conference 
call or any other means of communication. In such case, it is deemed

--- Page 86 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
to take place at the registered office unless agreed upon differently 
by the supervisory board. 
 
A member who is unable to attend may give a proxy in writing or by 
email to any of his colleagues of the board to represent him at a 
determined meeting of the supervisory board and to vote in his place. 
However, no member is allowed to represent more than one other 
member in this way. 
 
A member is equally permitted, but only in cases when at least half 
of the members of the supervisory board are present in person, to 
give his opinion and express his vote in writing or by email. 
 
In any case, the member who may is unable to attend the supervisory 
board meeting may participate in the deliberation and decision 
making by phone, video conference or any other similar means of 
communication. 
 
For the rest, the supervisory board may make all arrangements for 
the effective functioning of the supervisory board and its committees. 
 
Article 19.  
Except for cases or circumstances beyond one's control, the 
supervisory board can only deliberate and decide validly when at least 
half of its members are present or represented. Members of the 
supervisory board who, in accordance with applicable law, may not 
participate in the deliberation and the vote are not included to 
determine whether the quorum has been reached. 
 
All decisions of the supervisory board are taken by simple majority of 
the votes. 
 
The resolutions of the supervisory board may also be passed by 
unanimous written agreement of the members. 
 
Article 20.  
The deliberations of the supervisory board are recorded in minutes, 
signed by the chairman and the members who request it and kept at 
the registered office of the company. 
 
The copies and extracts of the minutes of meetings of the supervisory 
board, to be produced in court cases or elsewhere, are certified and 
signed by the chairman or, in his absence, by the longest-serving 
member.  
 
Article 21.  
The general shareholders’ meeting may grant the members of the 
supervisory board a fixed remuneration and attendance fees. 
 
Section 3.3. Management board 
 
Article 22.  
The management board has the power to carry out all acts necessary 
or useful to the realisation of the company's object with the exception 
of those reserved by law to the supervisory board or the general 
shareholders’ meeting.  
 
Within the limits of its authority, the management board may confer 
special powers on agents of its choice. 
 
Article 23. 
The supervisory board shall appoint the chief executive officer, who 
shall be the chairman of the management board. The management 
board may also elect one or more vice-chairmen.

--- Page 87 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
 
Article 24.  
Unless the management board should make other arrangements, it 
shall function as follows. 
 
The management board meets (i) at the request and under the 
chairmanship of its chairman, or in case of impediment of the latter, 
of a vice-chairman, or in their absence, of a member who is appointed 
by his colleagues, (ii) whenever this is required by the company's 
interest and (iii) whenever at least three members are requesting it. 
 
The deliberations of the management board are recorded in minutes, 
signed by the members who took part in the deliberation and kept at 
the registered office of the company. 
 
The copies and extracts of the minutes of meetings of the 
management board are certified and signed by one or more members 
with representation powers.  
 
The resolutions of the management board may also be passed by 
unanimous written agreement of the members. 
 
For the rest, the management board may make all arrangements for 
its effective functioning. 
 
Article 25.  
The supervisory board determines the remuneration of the members 
of the management board. 
 
 
 
Section 3.4. External representation 
 
Article 26.  
The supervisory board represents the company vis-à-vis third parties 
in all matters for which it has exclusive competence in accordance 
with the applicable law. With regard to the powers of the supervisory 
board, the company is also represented by two members of the 
supervisory board acting jointly. 
 
 
The management board represents the company vis-à-vis third 
parties in all matters, with the exception of those matters for which, 
in accordance with the applicable law, the supervisory board has 
exclusive competence. With regard to the powers of the management 
board, the company is also represented by two members of the 
management board acting jointly. 
 
Lastly, the company may be represented by persons especially 
empowered for that purpose and persons delegated with the powers 
of daily management within the scope of such powers. 
Section 3.5. Control 
 
Article 27.  
The control over the financial situation, the annual accounts, and the 
regularity, from the legal point of view and according to the articles 
of association, of the transactions to be recorded in the annual 
accounts, is entrusted to one or several auditors. 
 
The auditors are appointed by the general shareholders’ meeting 
among the members, individuals or legal entities – provided that a 
permanent representative is appointed -, of the Institute of Auditors. 
 
The auditors are appointed for a period of three years and are eligible 
for re-election subject to the limitations thereto in the applicable law.

--- Page 88 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
 
The number of auditors and their allowance are determined by the 
general shareholders’ meeting. The allowances will only consist in a 
fixed amount determined by the general shareholders’ meeting at the 
beginning and for the duration of the mandate. They can only be 
altered with the agreement of the parties involved. 
 
The mandates of the retiring auditors expire immediately after the 
ordinary general shareholders’ meeting. 
 
SECTION 4. GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING  
 
Article 28.  
The regularly convened general shareholders’ meeting represents all 
shareholders. Its decisions are binding upon all of them, even upon 
the absent or dissenting shareholders. 
 
Article 29.  
Each share gives entitlement to one vote, subject to the application 
of the provisions of the applicable law.  
 
Article 30.  
The ordinary general shareholders’ meeting is held in Antwerp, on 
the third Thursday of the month of May, at ten thirty a.m., in the 
place mentioned in the convening notices. If that day is a legal 
holiday, the meeting will be held on the first preceding working day. 
 
The ordinary general shareholders’ meeting shall be convened by the 
supervisory board. 
 
Article 31.  
The supervisory board or the auditors may convene a special and 
extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting. They must do so at the 
request of one or more shareholders who represent at least one 
tenth of the share capital. This request must list and substantiate 
the proposed agenda items and draft resolutions. 
 
Shareholders who exercise their legal right to put items on the 
agenda of the general shareholders’ meeting, must include in their 
request the text of the items to be included and the accompanying 
draft resolutions. Shareholders who exercise their legal right to table 
draft resolutions regarding items included on the agenda of the 
general shareholders’ meeting, must include in their request the text 
of the draft resolutions.  
 
Article 32.  
General shareholders’ meetings are convened in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of the applicable law. 
 
A shareholder of shares which are tradable on the New York Stock 
Exchange only has the right to be admitted to and vote at the general 
shareholders’ meeting if such shareholder complies with the 
conditions and formalities set out in the convening notice, as decided 
upon by the supervisory board in compliance with the applicable law. 
 
The supervisory board may, in compliance with the applicable law, 
establish means for determination of record ownership of shares 
reflected directly or indirectly on the part of the company’s share 
register maintained in the United States and tradable on the New York 
Stock Exchange. 
 
Article 33.  
If permitted by the convening notice, the shareholders who have 
complied with the attendance formalities referred to in article 32 of 
these articles of association can participate in the shareholders

--- Page 89 ---
- 10 -
 
 
meeting by electronic means upon satisfaction of the conditions and 
formalities set out in the convening notice. This notice will provide 
indications as to the means used by the company to identify the 
shareholders participating by electronic means and whether they can 
take part to the deliberations of the shareholders meeting and/or ask 
questions. 
 
Article 34.  
If permitted by the convening notice, the shareholders who have 
complied with the attendance formalities referred to in article 32 of 
these articles of association can vote remotely at any shareholders 
meeting by completing a form provided by the company, either by 
correspondence or by electronic means, in accordance with the 
instructions included in the convening notice. Possible reports 
provided to the company by its U.S. transfer agent and other service 
providers that reflect the votes issued by the company’s shareholders 
as at the record date, may be accepted by the company as valid for 
the purposes of issuing votes through letter for shares listed on the 
New York Stock Exchange. Shares will be taken into account for the 
computation of the quorum and the votes only if the applicable form 
provided by the company has been duly completed and returned to 
the company no later than six days before the date of the meeting. 
Where the convening notice permits shareholders to vote remotely by 
electronic means, this notice will provide indications as to the means 
used by the company to identify the shareholders voting remotely. 
 
Article 35.  
Unless provided for differently in the applicable law, a shareholder may 
arrange to be represented at the general shareholders’ meeting by only 
one single proxy. A proxy holder may represent more than one 
shareholder. 
 
The designation of a proxy holder by a shareholder will occur as stated 
in the convening notice. The supervisory board may decide on the form 
of the proxies and may stipulate that such proxy be deposited at the 
place it indicates, within the period it fixes and that no other forms will 
be accepted. 
 
Article 36.  
An attendance sheet showing the identity of the shareholders and the 
number of shares they represent, must be signed by each of them or 
by their proxy before entering the general shareholders’ meeting. 
 
Article 37.  
The chairman of the supervisory board or another member of the 
supervisory board delegated for this purpose by his colleagues 
presides over the general shareholders’ meeting. The chairman 
appoints the secretary and the meeting elects two tellers among its 
attendants. The other attending members of the supervisory board 
complete the bureau. 
 
Article 38.  
Except for the cases referred to in article 39 of these articles of 
association, the general shareholders’ meeting may pass resolutions 
by a simple majority of votes, whatever the number of shares 
participating in the voting. 
 
 
Abstentions are not taken into account in the calculation of the votes. 
 
The voting is done by show of hands or by call-over, unless the general 
shareholders’ meeting would decide otherwise by a simple majority of 
votes. 
 
Article 39.  
Subject to the observance of the legal requirements in respect of 
attendance and majority, the general shareholders’ meeting may

--- Page 90 ---
- 11 -
 
 
amend the articles of association. 
  
Article 40  
The supervisory board has the right, prior to any ordinary, special or 
extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting, to postpone or cancel 
the meeting. This is in addition to the legal right of the supervisory 
board to postpone for up to five weeks (i) any ordinary, special or 
extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting due to an announcement 
regarding a significant participation and (ii) during the ordinary 
general shareholders’ meeting, the decision regarding the approval of 
the financial statements.  
 
This adjournment of the decision regarding the approval of the 
financial statements puts an end to the deliberation and renders 
invalid the resolutions passed with regard to the financial statements, 
including the resolutions on the discharge of the members of the 
supervisory board and the auditors. However, it does not affect the 
deliberation nor the decisions in respect of resolutions having nothing 
to do with the financial statements. 
 
All shareholders shall be called to attend the next meeting and 
admitted, provided that they have completed the formalities laid down 
in the articles of association, and this regardless of whether or not 
they attended the first meeting either in person or by proxy. 
 
At the second meeting, the agenda of the initial meeting shall be dealt 
with in its entirety. 
 
Article 41.  
The minutes of the general shareholders’ meeting are signed by the 
members of the bureau. Copies and extracts shall be validly signed by 
two members of the supervisory board. 
 
SECTION 5. BALANCE SHEET – PROFIT – APPROPRIATION OF RESULTS 
 
Article 42.  
The financial year begins on the first of January and ends on the thirty-
first of December of each year. The documents required by law are 
prepared within the prescribed terms through the care of the 
supervisory board. 
 
Moreover, in relation with these documents and within the legal terms, 
the inspection and communication measures prescribed by the 
applicable law, will be undertaken. 
 
The annual accounts, the annual report and the auditors' report are 
sent, together with the convening notice, to the holders of registered 
shares. 
 
Article 43.  
The credit balance of the income statement is the net profit. From this 
profit, a minimum of five percent shall first be set aside for the legal 
reserve; this deduction is no longer compulsory when the reserve 
reaches one tenth of the company's share capital. 
 
The supervisory board may propose to the general shareholders’ 
meeting to allocate the whole or part of the profit, after deduction for 
the legal reserve, either to a balance brought forward, or to the 
formation of a special reserve fund. 
 
The dividends are paid at the times and places indicated by the 
supervisory board.

--- Page 91 ---
- 12 -
 
 
Article 44.  
The supervisory board is authorised, in accordance with applicable 
law, to pay interim dividends.  
 
SECTION 6. DISSOLUTION – POWERS OF THE LIQUIDATORS 
 
Article 45.  
In case of dissolution of the company, whether carried out by court 
order or following a decision of the general shareholders’ meeting, it 
continues to exist as a legal person for the purpose of its liquidation 
until the liquidation is closed. 
 
In case of dissolution, the general shareholders’ meeting has the 
widest powers to regulate the mode of dissolution, to choose the 
liquidators and to fix their powers. 
 
After the settlement of all debts and charges, as well as of the 
liquidation expenses or after deposits having been made to provide 
therefore, the net assets are divided among all the shares in cash or 
in securities. 
 
In case all the shares should not be paid-up to an equal extent, the 
liquidators, prior to proceeding to the division foreseen in the 
preceding paragraph, will take this diversity into account and restore 
the balance by putting all the shares on an absolute equality, either 
by making complementary callings on the insufficiently paid-up shares 
or by means of preliminary refunds, in cash or in securities, to the 
shares that are paid-up to a higher proportion. 
 
SECTION 7. REMUNERATION 
 
Article 46.  
In accordance with applicable law, the shareholders’ meeting of the 
twenty-sixth of April two thousand and eleven expressly resolved to 
exercise its right to opt out from the regime related to (i) the 
applicability of the provisions in relation to the final acquisition of 
shares and share options by members of the supervisory and 
management board; and (ii) the dispersion in time of the payment of 
the variable remuneration of members of the management board. 
 
SECTION 8. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
Article 47.  
For the purpose of the implementation of the present articles of 
association, every member of the supervisory board, every member of 
the management board, auditor and liquidator, residing abroad, hereby 
elects domicile at the registered office of the company where all 
communications, summons, demands or notifications may be validly 
sent to him, without any other obligation for the company than to hold 
such documents at the disposal of the addressee. 
 
SECTION 9. TRANSITORY PROVISIONS 
 
Article 48. 
Any existing authorisations to the supervisory board, specific or 
general, as the case may be, shall remain in force until the publication 
of the renewal of such authorisations granted by the general meeting 
of shareholders. 
 
* * * *

--- Page 92 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
54
Annexes 2.1.1 – 2.1.5 Financial Information for Euronav 
Luxembourg S.A. 
Annex 2.1.1 Interim Financial Information per 31 December 2021 
Annex 2.1.2 Interim Financial Information per 30 June 2021 
Annex 2.1.3 Annual Report 2020 
Annex 2.1.4 Annual Report 2019 
Annex 2.1.5 Audited Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019

--- Page 93 ---
Page   1/5 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
Annual Accounts Helpdesk : 
Tel. 
: (+352) 247 88 494 
Email 
: centralebilans@statec.etat.lu
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
BALANCE SHEET
Financial year from
to
(in
)
01
02
03
ASSETS
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
A. Subscribed capital unpaid
1101
101
102
I.
Subscribed capital not called
1103
103
104
II.
Subscribed capital called but
unpaid
1105
105
106
B. Formation expenses
1107
107
108
C. Fixed assets
1109
109
110
I.
Intangible assets
1111
111
112
1. Costs of development
1113
113
114
2. Concessions, patents, licences,
trade marks and similar rights
and assets, if they were
1115
115
116
a)
acquired for valuable 
consideration and need not be 
shown under C.I.3
1117
117
118
b)
created by the undertaking 
itself
1119
119
120
3. Goodwill, to the extent that it
was acquired for valuable
consideration
1121
121
122
4. Payments on account and
intangible assets under
development
1123
123
124
II.
Tangible assets
1125
125
126
1. Land and buildings
1127
127
128
2. Plant and machinery
1129
129
130
B51212
19952206217
01/01/2021
31/12/2021
USD
EURONAV LUXEMBOURG S.A.
boulevard Prince Henri, 25
1724 LUXEMBOURG
3
265 700 000,00
200 000 000,00

--- Page 94 ---
Page   2/5 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
3. Other fixtures and fittings, tools 
and equipment
1131
131
132
4. Payments on account and 
tangible assets in the course 
of construction
1133
133
134
III.
Financial assets
1135
135
136
1. Shares in affiliated undertakings
1137
137
138
2. Loans to affiliated undertakings
1139
139
140
3. Participating interests
1141
141
142
4. Loans to undertakings with 
which the undertaking is linked 
by virtue of participating 
interests 
1143
143
144
5. Investments held as fixed 
assets
1145
145
146
6. Other loans
1147
147
148
D. Current assets
1151
151
152
I.
Stocks
1153
153
154
1. Raw materials and consumables
1155
155
156
2. Work in progress
1157
157
158
3. Finished goods and goods 
for resale
1159
159
160
4. Payments on account
1161
161
162
II.
Debtors
1163
163
164
1. Trade debtors
1165
165
166
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1167
167
168
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1169
169
170
2. Amounts owed by affiliated 
undertakings
1171
171
172
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1173
173
174
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1175
175
176
3. Amounts owed by undertakings 
with which the undertaking is 
linked by virtue of participating 
interests
1177
177
178
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1179
179
180
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1181
181
182
4. Other debtors
1183
183
184
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1185
185
186
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1187
187
188
B51212
19952206217
3.1
265 700 000,00
200 000 000,00
3.1
265 700 000,00
200 000 000,00
4 730 921,59
5 126 983,54
4
4 642 044,34
1 731 775,87
4.1
2 721 202,76
311 121,90
4.1
2 721 202,76
311 121,90
4.2
1 920 841,58
1 362 277,78
4.2
1 920 841,58
1 362 277,78
88 877,25
58 376,19
88 877,25
58 376,19

--- Page 95 ---
Page   3/5 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
III.
Investments
1189
189
190
1. Shares in affiliated undertakings
1191
191
192
2. Own shares
1209
209
210
3. Other investments
1195
195
196
IV. Cash at bank and in hand 
1197
197
198
E. Prepayments
1199
199
200
TOTAL (ASSETS)
201
202
B51212
19952206217
5 191 126,74
3 395 207,67
5
6 417 514,53
2 983 677,76
282 039 562,86
208 110 661,30

--- Page 96 ---
Page   4/5 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
CAPITAL, RESERVES AND LIABILITIES
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
A. Capital and reserves
1301
301
302
I.
Subscribed capital
1303
303
304
II.
Share premium account
1305
305
306
III.
Revaluation reserve
1307
307
308
IV. Reserves
1309
309
310
1. Legal reserve
1311
311
312
2. Reserve for own shares
1313
313
314
3. Reserves provided for by the 
articles of association
1315
315
316
4. Other reserves, including the 
fair value reserve
1429
429
430
a)
other available reserves
1431
431
432
b)
other non available reserves
1433
433
434
V.
Profit or loss brought forward
1319
319
320
VI. Profit or loss for the financial year
1321
321
322
VII. Interim dividends
1323
323
324
VIII. Capital investment subsidies
1325
325
326
B. Provisions
1331
331
332
1. Provisions for pensions and 
similar obligations
1333
333
334
2. Provisions for taxation
1335
335
336
3. Other provisions
1337
337
338
C. Creditors
1435
435
436
1. Debenture loans
1437
437
438
a)
Convertible loans
1439
439
440
i)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1441
441
442
ii)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1443
443
444
b)
Non convertible loans
1445
445
446
i)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1447
447
448
ii)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1449
449
450
2. Amounts owed to credit 
institutions
1355
355
356
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1357
357
358
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1359
359
360
B51212
19952206217
6
4 829 751,34
2 625 708,21
6.1
1 000 000,00
1 000 000,00
6.2
17 500 000,00
6.3
100 000,00
100 000,00
6.3
100 000,00
100 000,00
6.4
1 525 708,21
-202 253,53
6.4
-15 295 956,87
1 727 961,74
7
273 919 846,49
202 370 957,31
7.1
268 200 000,00
200 000 000,00
7.1.1
268 200 000,00
200 000 000,00
7.1.1
68 200 000,00
7.1.1
200 000 000,00
200 000 000,00

--- Page 97 ---
Page   5/5 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
3. Payments received on account
of orders in so far as they are
not shown separately as
deductions from stocks
1361
361
362
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year 
1363
363
364
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1365
365
366
4. Trade creditors
1367
367
368
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year 
1369
369
370
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1371
371
372
5. Bills of exchange payable
1373
373
374
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1375
375
376
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1377
377
378
6. Amounts owed to affiliated 
undertakings
1379
379
380
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1381
381
382
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1383
383
384
7. Amounts owed to undertakings 
with which the undertaking is 
linked by virtue of participating 
interests
1385
385
386
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1387
387
388
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1389
389
390
8. Other creditors
1451
451
452
a)
Tax authorities
1393
393
394
b)
Social security authorities
1395
395
396
c)
Other creditors
1397
397
398
i)
becoming due and 
payable within one year
1399
399
400
ii)
becoming due and 
payable after more than
one year
1401
401
402
D. Deferred income
1403
403
404
TOTAL (CAPITAL, RESERVES AND LIABILITIES)
405
406
B51212
19952206217
7.2
1 280 207,57
324 645,65
7.2
1 280 207,57
324 645,65
7.3
245 388,81
786 305,93
7.3
245 388,81
786 305,93
4 194 250,11
1 260 005,73
29 681,25
4 563,58
5 442,15
5 442,15
7.4
4 159 126,71
1 250 000,00
7.4
4 159 126,71
1 250 000,00
8
3 289 965,04
3 113 995,78
282 039 562,87
208 110 661,30

--- Page 98 ---
Page   1/2 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
Annual Accounts Helpdesk : 
Tel. 
: (+352) 247 88 494 
Email 
: centralebilans@statec.etat.lu
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Financial year from
to
(in
)
01
02
03
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
1. Net turnover
1701
701
702
2. Variation in stocks of finished 
goods and in work in progress
1703
703
704
3. Work performed by the undertaking 
for its own purposes and capitalised
1705
705
706
4. Other operating income
1713
713
714
5. Raw materials and consumables and 
other external expenses
1671
671
672
a)
Raw materials and consumables
1601
601
602
b)
Other external expenses
1603
603
604
6. Staff costs
1605
605
606
a)
Wages and salaries
1607
607
608
b)
Social security costs
1609
609
610
i)
relating to pensions
1653
653
654
ii)
other social security costs
1655
655
656
c)
Other staff costs
1613
613
614
7. Value adjustments
1657
657
658
a)
in respect of formation expenses 
and of tangible and intangible 
fixed assets
1659
659
660
b)
in respect of current assets
1661
661
662
8. Other operating expenses
1621
621
622
9. Income from participating interests
1715
715
716
a)
derived from affiliated undertakings
1717
717
718
b)
other income from participating 
interests
1719
719
720
B51212
19952206217
01/01/2021
31/12/2021
USD
EURONAV LUXEMBOURG S.A.
boulevard Prince Henri, 25
1724 LUXEMBOURG
9
35 980 577,25
33 974 655,05
203 172,93
10
-42 152 458,90
-32 749 798,42
10.1
-17 107,70
10.2
-42 135 351,20
-32 749 798,42
11
-469 464,21
-414 908,57

--- Page 99 ---
Page   2/2 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
10. Income from other investments and 
loans forming part of the fixed assets
1721
721
722
a)
derived from affiliated undertakings
1723
723
724
b)
other income not included under a)
1725
725
726
11. Other interest receivable and similar 
income
1727
727
728
a)
derived from affiliated undertakings
1729
729
730
b)
other interest and similar income
1731
731
732
12. Share of profit or loss of 
undertakings accounted for under 
the equity method
1663
663
664
13. Value adjustments in respect of 
financial assets and of investments 
held as current assets
1665
665
666
14. Interest payable and similar expenses
1627
627
628
a)
concerning affiliated undertakings
1629
629
630
b)
other interest and similar expenses
1631
631
632
15. Tax on profit or loss
1635
635
636
16. Profit or loss after taxation
1667
667
668
17. Other taxes not shown under items 
1 to 16
1637
637
638
18. Profit or loss for the financial year
1669
669
670
B51212
19952206217
12
14 112 458,66
16 083 666,67
12.1
14 112 458,66
16 083 666,67
22 874,48
14 343,59
22 874,48
14 343,59
13
-22 688 099,07
-15 338 614,84
13.1
-22 688 099,07
-15 338 614,84
14
-94 425,48
-41 543,03
-15 288 537,27
1 730 973,88
14
-7 419,60
-3 011,64
-15 295 956,87
1 727 961,74

--- Page 100 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
Statement of cash flows 
For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
(Amounts in USD unless stated otherwise) 
Page 1 of 3 
 
 
For the year ended 
31 December 2021 
For the year ended 
31 December 2020 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
(Loss) profit for the period 
(15,295,957) 
1,727,962 
Adjustments for: 
8,647,191 
(717,852) 
Income tax expense 
94,425 
41,543 
Net finance costs (income) 
8,552,766 
(759,395) 
Change in working capital requirements 
(5,253,304) 
(1,261,151) 
Change in receivables from contracts with 
customers 
(2,410,081) 
252,668 
Change in prepayments 
(3,433,837) 
316,789 
Change in trade payables 
414,645 
(4,536,196) 
Change in payables to tax authorities 
- 
(1,113) 
Change in deferred income 
175,969 
2,706,701 
Income taxes paid during the year 
(99,809) 
(69,550) 
Interest paid 
(19,751,277) 
(15,316,753) 
Interest received 
13,553,895 
14,909,209 
Net cash used in operating activities 
(18,199,260) 
(728,135) 
Net cash used in investing activities 
(65,700,000) 
- 
Loans to related parties 
(65,700,000) 
- 
Net cash from financing activities 
85,700,000 
- 
Issue of share capital 
17,500,000 
- 
Proceeds from new borrowings 
68,200,000 
- 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents 
1,800,740 
(728,135) 
Net cash and cash equivalents at the 
beginning of the period 
3,395,208 
4,132,682 
Effect of changes in exchange rates 
(4,820) 
(9,339) 
Net cash and cash equivalents at the end 
of the period 
5,191,127 
3,395,208 
 
The Statements of Cash Flows need to be read in conjunction with the notes attached hereto 
and as well the Interim Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the audited annual 
accounts for the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 101 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
Statement of cash flows 
For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
(Amounts in USD unless stated otherwise) 
Page 2 of 3 
 
Notes to the statement of cash flows 
 
Note 1 - Purpose of the statement of cash flows 
 
On 14 September 2021, Euronav Luxembourg SA has issued the Euronav Luxembourg SA 
senior unsecured bonds of an amount of USD 200,000,000 with an interest of 6.25% with the 
maturity date of 14 September 2026 (ISIN NO0011091290). The Company is preparing the 
Base Prospectus to the Norwegian FSA for the purpose of listing the bonds on the Oslo Børs 
(the Oslo Stock Exchange).  
 
Clause 11 of the Base Prospectus requires that Euronav Luxembourg S.A. presents in addition 
to its Interim Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 and its audited annual accounts 
for the year ended 31 December 2020, to present the audited Statement of cash flows for the 
periods then ended.  
 
Note 2 - Basis of preparation  
 
The Company maintains its books of accounts in conformity with all the legal requirements 
and the rules of the Luxembourg Company Law of 19 December 2002, as subsequently 
amended.  
The accounting methods applied by the Company are in conformity with the going concern 
principle.  
The Luxembourg Company Law does not require the preparation of the statement of cash 
flows and does not define how to prepare such statement. Consequently, the Company has 
prepared the statement of cash flows in compliance with IFRS using the indirect method. The 
statement of cash flows shows how cash and cash equivalents have changed during the year 
as a result of inflows and outflows of funds. The statement classifies cash flows during the 
year into cash flows from operating activities, from investing activities and from financing 
activities. The effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents are shown 
separately under the line-item Effect of changes in exchange rates. 
Cash flows from operating activities results from cash flows derived from the Company’s 
principal activities. Adjustments for non-cash items such as changes in working capital 
requirements, net finance costs, tax payments, interest payments, and interest receipts, were 
made to the net profit to present the cash flows from operating activities. 
Income tax expenses during 2021 was USD 94,425 (2020: USD 41,543). Net finance costs 
during 2021 were USD 8,552,766 (2020: USD 759,395). 
Working capital requirements decreased by USD 5,253,304 during 2021 (2020: USD 
1,261,151). Receivables from contracts with customers increased by USD 2,410,081 during 
2021 (2020: decreased by USD 252,668). Prepayments increased by USD 3,433,837 during 
2021 (2020: decreased by USD 316,789). Deferred income increased by USD 175,969 during 
2021 (2020: USD 2,706,701). Trade payables increased by USD 414,645 during 2021 (2020:

--- Page 102 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
Statement of cash flows 
For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
(Amounts in USD unless stated otherwise) 
Page 3 of 3 
 
decreased by USD 4,536,196). Payables to tax authorities have not changed during 2021 
(2020: decreased by USD 1,113). 
Income taxes paid in 2021 amounts to USD 99,809 (2020: USD 69,550). 
Interest paid during the year amounts to USD 19,751,277 (2020: USD 15,316,753), and 
interest received during the year amounts USD 13,553,895 (2020: USD 14,909,209). 
Cash flows from investing activities include loans to related parties.  
Loans to related parties amount to USD 65,700,000 in 2021 (2020: nil). 
Cash flows from financing activities include issue of share capital and proceeds from 
borrowings.  
During the year, the Company has issued USD 17,5000,000 of share capital (2020: nil), and 
received USD 68,200,000 from borrowings (2020: nil). 
Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and on hand.

--- Page 103 ---
Page   1/5 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
BYUQAEP20211116T10240601_002
Annual Accounts Helpdesk : 
 
Tel. 
: (+352) 247 88 494 
Email 
: centralebilans@statec.etat.lu
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
B51212
1995 2206 217 
eCDF entry date :
BALANCE SHEET
Financial year from
to
(in
)
01/01
01
/2021
30/06/2021
02
USD
03
EURONAV LUXEMBOURG S.A.
25, boulevard Prince Henri 
L-1724 Luxembourg
ASSETS
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
A. Subscribed capital unpaid
1101
101
102
I.
Subscribed capital not called
1103
103
104
II.
Subscribed capital called but 
unpaid
1105
105
106
B. Formation expenses
1107
107
108
C. Fixed assets
1109
200.000.000,00
109
200.000.000,00
110
I.
Intangible assets
1111
111
112
1. Costs of development
1113
113
114
2. Concessions, patents, licences, 
trade marks and similar rights 
and assets, if they were
1115
115
116
a)
acquired for valuable 
consideration and need not be 
shown under C.I.3
1117
117
118
b)
created by the undertaking 
itself
1119
119
120
3. Goodwill, to the extent that it 
was acquired for valuable 
consideration
1121
121
122
4. Payments on account and 
intangible assets under 
development 
1123
123
124
II.
Tangible assets
1125
125
126
1. Land and buildings
1127
127
128
2. Plant and machinery
1129
129
130

--- Page 104 ---
Page   2/5 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
BYUQAEP20211116T10240601_002
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
B51212
1995 2206 217 
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
3. Other fixtures and fittings, tools 
and equipment
1131
131
132
4. Payments on account and 
tangible assets in the course 
of construction
1133
133
134
III.
Financial assets
1135
200.000.000,00
135
200.000.000,00
136
1. Shares in affiliated undertakings
1137
137
138
2. Loans to affiliated undertakings
1139
200.000.000,00
139
200.000.000,00
140
3. Participating interests
1141
141
142
4. Loans to undertakings with 
which the undertaking is linked 
by virtue of participating 
interests 
1143
143
144
5. Investments held as fixed 
assets
1145
145
146
6. Other loans
1147
147
148
D. Current assets
1151
3.026.744,05
151
5.126.983,54
152
I.
Stocks
1153
153
154
1. Raw materials and consumables
1155
155
156
2. Work in progress
1157
157
158
3. Finished goods and goods 
for resale
1159
159
160
4. Payments on account
1161
161
162
II.
Debtors
1163
2.446.360,07
163
1.731.775,87
164
1. Trade debtors
1165
1.059.147,05
165
311.121,90
166
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1167
1.059.147,05
167
311.121,90
168
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1169
169
170
2. Amounts owed by affiliated 
undertakings
1171
1.318.333,33
171
1.362.277,78
172
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1173
1.318.333,33
173
1.362.277,78
174
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1175
175
176
3. Amounts owed by undertakings 
with which the undertaking is 
linked by virtue of participating 
interests
1177
177
178
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1179
179
180
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1181
181
182
4. Other debtors
1183
68.879,69
183
58.376,19
184
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1185
68.879,69
185
58.376,19
186
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1187
187
188

--- Page 105 ---
Page   3/5 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
BYUQAEP20211116T10240601_002
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
B51212
1995 2206 217 
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
III.
Investments
1189
189
190
1. Shares in affiliated undertakings
1191
191
192
2. Own shares
1209
209
210
3. Other investments
1195
195
196
IV. Cash at bank and in hand 
1197
580.383,98
197
3.395.207,67
198
E. Prepayments
1199
3.855.427,46
199
2.983.677,76
200
TOTAL (ASSETS)
206.882.171,51
201
208.110.661,30
202

--- Page 106 ---
Page   4/5 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
BYUQAEP20211116T10240601_002
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
B51212
1995 2206 217 
CAPITAL, RESERVES AND LIABILITIES
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
A. Capital and reserves
1301
130.496,29
301
2.625.708,21
302
I.
Subscribed capital
1303
1.000.000,00
303
1.000.000,00
304
II.
Share premium account
1305
305
306
III.
Revaluation reserve
1307
307
308
IV. Reserves
1309
100.000,00
309
100.000,00
310
1. Legal reserve
1311
100.000,00
311
100.000,00
312
2. Reserve for own shares
1313
313
314
3. Reserves provided for by the 
articles of association
1315
315
316
4. Other reserves, including the 
fair value reserve
1429
429
430
a)
other available reserves
1431
431
432
b)
other non available reserves
1433
433
434
V.
Profit or loss brought forward
1319
1.525.708,21
319
-202.253,53
320
VI. Profit or loss for the financial year
1321
-2.495.211,92
321
1.727.961,74
322
VII. Interim dividends
1323
323
324
VIII. Capital investment subsidies
1325
325
326
B. Provisions
1331
331
332
1. Provisions for pensions and 
similar obligations
1333
333
334
2. Provisions for taxation
1335
335
336
3. Other provisions
1337
337
338
C. Creditors
1435
203.724.010,61
435
202.370.957,31
436
1. Debenture loans
1437
200.000.000,00
437
200.000.000,00
438
a)
Convertible loans
1439
439
440
i)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1441
441
442
ii)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1443
443
444
b)
Non convertible loans
1445
200.000.000,00
445
200.000.000,00
446
i)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1447
200.000.000,00
447
448
ii)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1449
449
200.000.000,00
450
2. Amounts owed to credit 
institutions
1355
355
356
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1357
357
358
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1359
359
360

--- Page 107 ---
Page   5/5 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
BYUQAEP20211116T10240601_002
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
B51212
1995 2206 217 
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
3. Payments received on account
of orders in so far as they are
not shown separately as
deductions from stocks
1361
361
362
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year 
1363
363
364
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1365
365
366
4. Trade creditors
1367
971.485,07
367
324.645,65
368
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year 
1369
971.485,07
369
324.645,65
370
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1371
371
372
5. Bills of exchange payable
1373
373
374
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1375
375
376
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1377
377
378
6. Amounts owed to affiliated 
undertakings
1379
1.451.737,75
379
786.305,93
380
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1381
1.451.737,75
381
786.305,93
382
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1383
383
384
7. Amounts owed to undertakings 
with which the undertaking is 
linked by virtue of participating 
interests
1385
385
386
a)
becoming due and payable 
within one year
1387
387
388
b)
becoming due and payable 
after more than one year
1389
389
390
8. Other creditors
1451
1.300.787,79
451
1.260.005,73
452
a)
Tax authorities
1393
45.345,64
393
4.563,58
394
b)
Social security authorities
1395
5.442,15
395
5.442,15
396
c)
Other creditors
1397
1.250.000,00
397
1.250.000,00
398
i)
becoming due and 
payable within one year
1399
1.250.000,00
399
1.250.000,00
400
ii)
becoming due and 
payable after more than
one year
1401
401
402
D. Deferred income
1403
3.027.664,61
403
3.113.995,78
404
TOTAL (CAPITAL, RESERVES AND LIABILITIES)
206.882.171,51
405
208.110.661,30
406

--- Page 108 ---
Page   1/2 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
BYUQAEP20211116T10240601_003
Annual Accounts Helpdesk : 
 
Tel. 
: (+352) 247 88 494 
Email 
: centralebilans@statec.etat.lu
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
B51212
1995 2206 217 
eCDF entry date :
PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Financial year from
to
(in
)
01/01
01
/2021
30/06/2021
02
USD
03
EURONAV LUXEMBOURG S.A.
25, boulevard Prince Henri 
L-1724 Luxembourg
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
1. Net turnover
1701
17.894.579,61
701
33.974.655,05
702
2. Variation in stocks of finished 
goods and in work in progress
1703
703
704
3. Work performed by the undertaking 
for its own purposes and capitalised
1705
705
706
4. Other operating income
1713
713
203.172,93
714
5. Raw materials and consumables and 
other external expenses
1671
-20.410.182,97
671
-32.749.798,42
672
a)
Raw materials and consumables
1601
601
602
b)
Other external expenses
1603
-20.410.182,97
603
-32.749.798,42
604
6. Staff costs
1605
605
606
a)
Wages and salaries
1607
607
608
b)
Social security costs
1609
609
610
i)
relating to pensions
1653
653
654
ii)
other social security costs
1655
655
656
c)
Other staff costs
1613
613
614
7. Value adjustments
1657
657
658
a)
in respect of formation expenses 
and of tangible and intangible 
fixed assets
1659
659
660
b)
in respect of current assets
1661
661
662
8. Other operating expenses
1621
-209.992,33
621
-414.908,57
622

--- Page 109 ---
Page   2/2 
The notes in the annex form an integral part of the annual accounts
BYUQAEP20211116T10240601_003
RCSL Nr. :
Matricule :
B51212
1995 2206 217 
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
9. Income from participating interests
1715
715
716
a)
derived from affiliated undertakings
1717
717
718
b)
other income from participating 
interests
1719
719
720
10. Income from other investments and 
loans forming part of the fixed assets
1721
7.949.198,43
721
16.083.666,67
722
a)
derived from affiliated undertakings
1723
7.949.198,43
723
16.083.666,67
724
b)
other income not included under a)
1725
725
726
11. Other interest receivable and similar 
income
1727
5.396,95
727
14.343,59
728
a)
derived from affiliated undertakings
1729
729
730
b)
other interest and similar income
1731
5.396,95
731
14.343,59
732
12. Share of profit or loss of 
undertakings accounted for under 
the equity method
1663
663
664
13. Value adjustments in respect of 
financial assets and of investments 
held as current assets
1665
665
666
14. Interest payable and similar expenses
1627
-7.685.082,60
627
-15.338.614,84
628
a)
concerning affiliated undertakings
1629
629
630
b)
other interest and similar expenses
1631
-7.685.082,60
631
-15.338.614,84
632
15. Tax on profit or loss
1635
-19.694,07
635
-41.543,03
636
16. Profit or loss after taxation
1667
-2.475.776,98
667
1.730.973,38
668
17. Other taxes not shown under items 
1 to 16
1637
-19.434,94
637
-3.011,64
638
18. Profit or loss for the financial year
1669
-2.495.211,92
669
1.727.961,74
670

--- Page 110 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
Statement of cash flows 
For the periods ended 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020 
(Amounts in USD unless stated otherwise) 
Page 1 of 3 
 
 
For the period 
ended 30 June 2021 
For the year ended 
31 December 2020 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
(Loss) profit for the period 
(2,495,212) 
1,727,962 
Adjustments for: 
(249,819) 
(717,852) 
Income tax expense 
19,694 
41,543 
Net finance income 
(269,513) 
(759,395) 
Change in working capital requirements 
(343,286) 
(1,261,151) 
Change in receivables from contracts with 
customers 
(738,258) 
252,668 
Change in prepayments 
(871,750) 
316,789 
Change in trade payables 
1,312,271 
(4,536,196) 
Change in payables to tax authorities 
40,782 
(1,113) 
Change in deferred income 
(86,331) 
2,706,701 
Income taxes paid during the year 
(30,198) 
(69,550) 
Interest paid 
(7,670,103) 
(15,316,753) 
Interest received 
7,983,376 
14,909,209 
Net cash used in operating activities 
(2,805,241) 
(728,135) 
Net cash used in investing activities 
- 
- 
Net cash from financing activities 
- 
- 
Net decrease in cash and cash 
equivalents 
(2,805,241) 
(728,135) 
Net cash and cash equivalents at the 
beginning of the period 
3,395,208 
4,132,682 
Effect of changes in exchange rates 
(9,583) 
(9,339) 
Net cash and cash equivalents at the end 
of the period 
580,384 
3,395,208 
 
The Statements of Cash Flows need to be read in conjunction with the notes attached hereto 
and as well the Interim Report for the period ended 30 June 2021 and the audited annual 
accounts for the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 111 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
Statement of cash flows 
For the periods ended 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020 
(Amounts in USD unless stated otherwise) 
Page 2 of 3 
 
Notes to the statement of cash flows 
 
Note 1 - Purpose of the statement of cash flows 
 
On 14 September 2021, Euronav Luxembourg SA has issued the Euronav Luxembourg SA 
senior unsecured bonds of an amount of USD 200,000,000 with an interest of 6.25% with the 
maturity date of 14 September 2026 (ISIN NO0011091290). The Company is preparing the 
Base Prospectus to the Norwegian FSA for the purpose of listing the bonds on the Oslo Børs 
(the Oslo Stock Exchange).  
 
Clause 11 of the Base Prospectus requires that Euronav Luxembourg S.A. presents in addition 
to its Interim Report for the period ended 30 June 2021 and its audited annual accounts for 
the year ended 31 December 2020, to present the audited Statement of cash flows for the 
periods then ended.  
 
Note 2 - Basis of preparation  
 
The Company maintains its books of accounts in conformity with all the legal requirements 
and the rules of the Luxembourg Company Law of 19 December 2002, as subsequently 
amended.  
The accounting methods applied by the Company are in conformity with the going concern 
principle.  
The Luxembourg Company Law does not require the preparation of the statement of cash 
flows and does not define how to prepare such statement. Consequently, the Company has 
prepared the statement of cash flows in compliance with IFRS using the indirect method. The 
statement of cash flows shows how cash and cash equivalents have changed during the year 
as a result of inflows and outflows of funds. The statement classifies cash flows during the 
year into cash flows from operating activities, from investing activities and from financing 
activities. The effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents are shown 
separately under the line-item Effect of changes in exchange rates. 
Cash flows from operating activities results from cash flows derived from the Company’s 
principal activities. Adjustments for non-cash items such as changes in working capital 
requirements, net finance costs, tax payments, interest payments, and interest receipts, were 
made to the net profit to present the cash flows from operating activities. 
Income tax expenses for Q2 2021 was USD 19,694 (2020: USD 41,543). Net finance income 
for Q2 2021 were USD 269,819 (2020: USD 759,395). 
Working capital requirements decreased by USD 343,286 during 2021 (2020: USD 
1,261,151). Receivables from contracts with customers increased by USD 738,258 for Q2 
2021 (2020: decreased by USD 252,668). Prepayments increased by USD 871, 750 for Q2 
2021 (2020: decreased by USD 316,789). Deferred income decreased by USD 86,331 for Q2 
2021 (2020: increased by USD 2,706,701). Trade payables and payables to tax authorities

--- Page 112 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
Statement of cash flows 
For the periods ended 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020 
(Amounts in USD unless stated otherwise) 
Page 3 of 3 
 
increased by USD 1,312,271 and USD 40,782 for Q2 2021 respectively (2020: decreased by 
USD 4,536,196 and USD 1,113 respectively). 
Income taxes paid in 2021 amounts to USD 30,198 (2020: USD 69,550). 
Interest paid during the period amounts to USD 7,670,103 (2020: USD 15,316,753), and 
interest received during the period amounts USD 7,983,376 (2020: USD 14,909,209). 
Cash flows from investing activities include the sale of a vessel, and loans to related 
parties.  
The Company had no cash flows from investing activities during Q2 2021 and 2020. 
Cash flows from financing activities include proceeds from borrowings, and dividends paid.  
The Company had no cash flows from financing activities during Q2 2021 and 2020. 
Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and on hand.

--- Page 174 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 18 March 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
55
Annex 3 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 175 ---
[Annex 3] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
[ISIN] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[place], [Date]

--- Page 176 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms.  
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert the following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently

--- Page 177 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 March 2022 and [the supplement[s] 
to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 18 March 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the “Base 
Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://www.euronav.com/, or on the Issuer's visit address, 25, Boulevard Prince Henri, L-1724 
Luxembourg., or their successor (s).

--- Page 178 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base Prospectus. Any 
decision to invest in the securities should be based on consideration of the 
Base Prospectus as a whole by the investor. The investor could lose all or 
part of the invested capital.  Where a claim relating to the information 
contained in the Base Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff 
investor might, under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating 
the Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil liability 
attaches only to those persons who have tabled the summary including any 
translation thereof, but only where the summary is misleading, inaccurate or 
inconsistent, when read together with the other parts of the Base 
Prospectus, or where it does not provide, when read together with the other 
parts of the prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Issuer: 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A., 25, Boulevard Prince Henri, L-1724 
Luxembourg.Telephone +352 26 38 48 22 
Registration number B 51212 in Luxembourg 
LEI-code (legal entity identifier): 5493007W8CBMOPUMCE82. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in connection 
with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The Issuer is going to ask for 
admission to trading on a regulated market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), Revierstredet 3, 
0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 18 March 2022. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
Domicile and legal form 
The Issuer is a limited liability company (société anonyme) existing under 
the laws of Luxembourg. 
Principal activities 
The principal object of Euronav Luxembourg S.A. is the purchase, sale, 
chartering and nautical management of sea-going vessels. The Issuer is also 
authorized to perform any financial or commercial activities related thereto, 
be it directly or indirectly. The Issuer is included in the consolidated account 
for Euronav NV. 
 
Euronav NV is an independent tanker company engaged in the ocean 
transportation and storage of crude oil. Euronav is headquartered in 
Antwerp, Belgium, and has offices throughout Europe and Asia. Euronav is 
listed on Euronext Brussels and on the NYSE under the symbol EURN. 
Euronav employs its fleet both on the spot and period market. VLCCs on the 
spot market are traded in the Tankers International pool of which Euronav is 
one of the major partners. Euronav’s owned and operated fleet consists of 2 
V-Plus vessels, 41 VLCCs (with further three under construction), 27 
Suezmaxes (one of which is in a joint venture and two vessels time chartered 
in) with a further three under construction and 2 FSO vessels (both owned in 
50%-50% joint venture). 
 
Euronav has a long-term strategy through cycle profitability by adapting its 
balance sheet leverage and liquidity position in accordance with the sources 
of its revenues which can be fixed (long-term FSO Income and/or TC 
portfolio) or floating (pool and spot revenues). Sustainability is a core value 
at Euronav as it ensures the long-term health and success of its people, its 
business and the environment they work in. It involves a commitment to

--- Page 179 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
safety and environmental protection practices, as well as an innovative 
approach to the use of technology and information. 
Major shareholders 
 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. is wholly owned by Euronav NV 
 
Euronav NV is a dual listed company. 
 
The table below shows the shareholder structure of Euronav NV on 18 February 2022. 
 
 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in 
control of the Issuer.  
 
Management 
 
 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A.  
 
Name  
Position  
Hugo De Stoop  
Director 
Lieve Logghe  
Director 
Alexander Staring  
Director 
Egied Verbeeck  
Director 
Lut Latget (as permanent representative 
of Lut Latget Tax Audit & Accountancy 
s.à.r.l.) 
Director 
Patrick Steenacker (as permanent 
representative of Ahlmar SA) 
Director 
 
 
Euronav NV 
 
In Euronav NV several persons exercise their directors’ mandate via a management company*. 
 
Name  
Position  
Hugo De Stoop (*Hecho BV) 
Chief Executive Officer 
Lieve Logghe (*Tincc BV) 
Chief Financial Officer 
Alexander Staring (*AST projects BV) 
Chief Operating Officer 
Egied Verbeeck (*Echinus BV) 
General Counsel 
Brian Gallagher 
Head of Investor Relations, Research & Communications 
Stamatis Bourboulis 
General Manager, Euronav Ship Management (Hellas) Ltd. ((ESMH) 
 
 
Statutory auditors 
KPMG Luxembourg, Société coopérative 
 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
 
Key financial information 
 
 
Euronav Luxembourg S.A.

--- Page 180 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
 
Amounts in USD 
Interim Report 
Interim Report 
Annual Report 
 
Per 31 
December 2021 
Unaudited 
Per 30 June 
2021 
Unaudited 
2020 
Audited 
2019 
Audited 
Operating profit 
(6,648,765) 
(2,745,031) 
1,010,109 
10,691,902 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
259,883,253 
199,367,346 
196,521,968 
195,724,003 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
(17,942,057) 
(2,774,687) 
(728,135) 
4,302,321 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
82,442,797 
0 
0 
41,500,000 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
(65,700,000) 
0 
0 
(52,000,000) 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2020. 
 
The auditor’s report included in the Issuer Annual Report 2019, pages 8-10 include an Emphasis of matter. 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer 
Our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected, as may our 
ability to repay all of our obligations, including interest payments on the 
Bonds upon the occurrence of the following risks: 
• 
Cyclicality and volatility may lead to reductions and volatility in 
charter rates, vessel values, earnings and available cash flow. 
• 
The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is dynamic and 
expanding. The continuation of this outbreak likely will have, and 
the emergence of other epidemic or pandemic crises could have, 
material adverse effects on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, or financial condition. 
• 
An economic slowdown or changes in the economic and political 
environment in the Asia Pacific region could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
• 
Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, 
lenders and other market participants with respect to our 
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) policies may 
impose additional costs on the issuer or Guarantor or expose us 
to additional risks. 
• 
A substantial portion of the Group’s revenue is derived from a 
limited number of customers and the loss of any of these 
customers could result in a significant loss of revenues and cash 
flow. 
• 
A shift in consumer demand from oil towards other energy 
sources or changes to trade patterns for oil and oil products may 
have a material adverse effect on our business, as the Group is 
active in the fossil fuel industry. 
• 
Lack of technological innovation to meet quality and efficiency 
requirements could reduce our charter hire income and the value 
of our vessels. 
• 
Servicing the Group’s current or future indebtedness limits funds 
available for other purposes and if we cannot service our debt, we 
may lose our vessels. 
• 
The Group is subject to complex laws and regulations, including 
environmental laws and regulations that can adversely affect the 
Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial 
condition and the Group’s ability to repay the Bonds, including 
interest payments. 
• 
Changes to the tonnage tax or the corporate tax regimes 
applicable to the Group, or to the interpretation thereof, may 
impact our future operating results.

--- Page 181 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
Is there a guarantee attached to the 
securities? 
Guarantee 
The Guarantor hereby, irrevocably and unconditionally:  
 
(a) guarantees to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as 
for its own debt and not merely as surety (Norwegian: 
selvskyldnerkausjon), the due and punctual performance by the 
Issuer of all its obligations under the Finance Documents and 
accepts that the Bond Trustee may make a demand to the 
Guarantor for immediate payment of any due and unpaid amount 
(interest, principal and/or other) under any Finance Document; and 
 
(b) undertakes with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) 
that, whenever the Issuer does not pay any amount when due 
under or in connection with any Finance Document, the Guarantor 
shall, on the Bond Trustee`s first written demand and in no event 
any later than 5 Business Days after the Guarantor`s receipt of 
such demand, pay that amount to the Bond Trustee or as it directs 
as if it were the principal obligor in respect of that amount.  
 
Waiver 
The Guarantor hereby waives:  
 
(a) any requirement that the Bond Trustee or any of the Bondholders 
in case of any Event of Default first have to make demand upon or 
seek to enforce remedies against the Issuer;  
 
(b) any right to exercise a right of subrogation into the rights of the 
Bondholders under the Bond Terms, without the prior written 
consent of the Bond Trustee until such time that no amounts are 
outstanding under these Bond Terms and any other Finance 
Documents;  
 
(c) any right to claim reimbursement from the Issuer and/or itself for 
payment made hereunder until such time that no amounts are 
outstanding under these Bond Terms and any other Finance 
Document; and  
 
(d) any requirement that additional Security shall be provided or 
maintained.

--- Page 182 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
Continuing Guarantee  
The Guarantee is a continuing Guarantee and will extend to the ultimate 
balance of all sums payable by the Issuer under the Finance Documents, 
regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
The fulfilment of the secured obligations under the Bond Terms is guaranteed by the Guarantor: 
 
Euronav NV, De Gerlachekaai 20, B-2000 Antwerp, Belgium 
Telephone +32 3 247 44 11  
Registration number 0860.402.767 in Belgium 
LEI-code (legal entity identifier): 549300D80RYON74MEJ03. 
Statutory auditors: KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
 
Relevant key financial information for the purpose of assessing the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its commitments under the Guarantee: 
Euronav NV Consolidated 
Amounts in thousand USD 
Interim Report per 31 
December 2021 
Unaudited 
Interim Report per 30 
June 2021 
Unaudited 
Operating profit 
(281,573) 
(135,573) 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus short term debt minus cash) 
1,559,653 
1,374,825 
Net Cash flows from operating activities *) 
(25,305) 
(4,364) 
Net Cash flows from financing activities *) 
373,893 
239,350 
Net Cash flow from investing activities *) 
(353,246) 
(211,923) 
 
Euronav NV Consolidated 
Amounts in thousand USD 
Annual Report 2020 
Audited 
Annual Report  
2019 
Audited 
Operating profit 
534,322 
195,603 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus short term debt minus cash) 
1,111,935 
1,447,905 
Net Cash flows from operating activities *) 
969,785 
271,991 
Net Cash flows from financing activities *) 
(999,701) 
(191,187) 
Net Cash flow from investing activities *) 
(117,106) 
43,750 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2020. 
 
The auditor’s report in the Annual Report 2020 contains a critical audit matter. 
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
• 
An investment in the Bonds is subject to the Group’s credit risk. 
• 
The Group has the ability to incur substantial additional debt, 
which may increase the risks associated with the Group’s 
substantial existing debt, including the Group’s ability to service 
the bonds and other debt. 
• 
The Bonds are unsecured obligations and effectively 
subordinated to the Group’s secured debt. 
• 
The Bonds do not have an established trading market, which may 
negatively affect their market value and your ability to transfer or 
sell the Bonds. 
 
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to trading, please 
see clause 13.4.5 in the Base Prospectus. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●]

--- Page 183 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 184 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Euronav Luxembourg SA, a limited liability company (société anonyme) 
existing under the laws of Luxembourg with registration number B 51212 
and LEI-code 5493007W8CBMOPUMCE82. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Guarantor: 
Euronav NV, a public limited liability company existing under the laws of 
Belgium with registration number 0860.402.767. The Company’s LEI 
code is 549300D80RYON74MEJ03. 
 
Security Type: 
[Un]secured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
Guarantee: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the Guarantee] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time]

--- Page 185 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin] % p.a. 
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 186 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
12  
Amortisation and Redemption: 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the call option] 
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
Early redemption option due to a tax 
event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the early redemption option] 
 
 
 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.7. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the Base 
Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]]

--- Page 187 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
13  
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.euronav.com/ 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 123,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 188 ---
Euronav Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
14  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of Joint Lead Managers] as Joint Lead Managers for the issuance of the Loan. 
The Joint Lead Managers have acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The Joint Lead Managers will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issue or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are material 
to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as possible 
after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead managers] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The Joint Lead Managers 
have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express 
or implied, is made, and the Joint Lead Managers expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are without 
prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus acknowledges that such person 
has not relied on the Joint Lead Managers nor on any person affiliated with them in connection with its investigation 
of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
[web address of Joint Lead Managers]