--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 25 March 2021 
 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 (1) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) in respect of non-equity securities 
within the meaning of Article 2 (c) of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). 
 
 
 
EVONIK INDUSTRIES AG 
(Essen, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer  
 
 
EUR 5,000,000,000  
Debt Issuance Programme 
 
Under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Evonik 
Industries AG (“Evonik” or “Issuer”) may from time to time issue notes in bearer form (the “Notes”). The aggregate principal 
amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg act relating to 
prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant 
mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the “Luxemburg Law”).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the respective Issuer or of the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to list Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes to trading on the Regulated Market operated by the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg). The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's (Bourse de Luxembourg) Regulated Market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) on Markets in Financial Instruments, as 
amended. Notes issued under the Programme may also not be listed at all. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority to provide the competent authorities in the Republic 
of Austria and the Federal Republic of Germany with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxemburg Law (“Notification”).  
The Notes will be offered to the public in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and/or the Republic of Austria and/or the Federal 
Republic of Germany. In order to be able to conduct a public offer of Notes in other jurisdictions, the Issuer may request the 
CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional Member States within the European Economic Area with a Notification 
based on a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
 
Arranger 
 
 
Commerzbank 
 
 
Dealer 
 
 
Commerzbank 
 
This Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
and on the website of Evonik Group (www.evonik.com). This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months after its 
approval. 
The validity ends upon expiration of 25 March 2022. There is no obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when the Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 2 ---
(i) 
 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Evonik (and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “Evonik Group”) with its registered office in 
Essen, Federal Republic of Germany accepts responsibility for the information given in this Base 
Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms (as defined herein). 
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6 (4) of the 
Luxembourg Law. 
No other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, other than the Issuer, is responsible for the 
information given in this Base Prospectus, and any supplement thereto. 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
With respect to Article 5 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation in conjunction with Article 23 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, the Issuer may consent, to the extent and under 
the conditions, if any, indicated in the relevant Final Terms, to the use of the Base Prospectus for a 
certain period of time or as long as the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12 (1) of 
the Prospectus Regulation and accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with 
respect to subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by any financial intermediary which was 
given consent to use the prospectus, if any. For further information, please refer below to the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled “General Information” and the relevant Final Terms. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any 
tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). 
Before investing in the Notes, prospective investors should consider all information provided in this 
Base Prospectus and consult with their own professional advisers (including their financial, 
accounting, legal and tax advisers) if they consider it necessary. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Base Prospectus contains all 
information which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching 
to the Notes which is material in the context of the Programme; that the information contained herein 
with respect to the Issuer and the Notes is accurate and complete in all material respects and is not 
misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on 
reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer or the Notes, the 
omission of which would make this Base Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the 
expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading; that the Issuer has made all reasonable 
enquiries to ascertain all facts material for the purposes aforesaid. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers (i) to supplement this Base Prospectus or to publish a 
new Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus in respect of Notes issued on the basis of 
this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is 
noted between the time when this Base Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any 
tranche of Notes offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading (if any) of any tranche of 
Notes on a regulated market begins, and (ii) where approval of the CSSF of any such document is 
required, to have such document approved by the CSSF. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by any Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made,

--- Page 3 ---
(ii) 
 
 
 
such information must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
of them. 
Neither the Arranger (as defined herein) nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base 
Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and 
accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons 
accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of 
these documents. This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval and this Base 
Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their 
respective dates of issue. The delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, 
sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the information contained in 
such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since such date or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of the restrictions applicable in the United States of America, the 
European Economic Area in general, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, 
Switzerland, Japan, the Commonwealth of Australia, the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong, 
Taiwan and Singapore see section “Selling Restrictions”. In particular, the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”), and the Notes are subject to tax law requirements of the United States of America. Subject to 
certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of 
America or to U.S. persons. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. The German versions of the English language sets 
of the Terms and Conditions are shown in the Base Prospectus for additional information. As to form 
and content, and all rights and obligations of the holders of the Notes (the “Holders”) and the Issuer 
under the Notes to be issued, German is the controlling legally binding language if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the 
Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets;  
(v) 
be aware that it may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or 
other jurisdictions; 
(vi) 
ask for its own tax adviser's advice on its individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, 
sale and redemption of the Notes; and 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks.

--- Page 4 ---
(iii) 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised 
or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Any financial intermediary using this Base Prospectus has to state on its website that it uses 
the Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
In connection with the issue of any tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or 
Dealers (if any) named as stabilizing manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons 
acting on behalf of a stabilizing manager) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilization may not necessarily occur. Any stabilization action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant tranche of Notes.  
BENCHMARK 
REGULATION 
/ 
STATEMENT 
IN 
RELATION 
TO 
ADMINISTRATOR'S 
REGISTRATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, which is currently 
provided by European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, only 
EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended (the “Benchmark Regulation”). 
 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
the “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.  
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part 
of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), as amended by the 
Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Article 68(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) 
Order 2001, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(28) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA, as 
amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms

--- Page 5 ---
(iv) 
 
 
 
part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor or in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
(v) 
 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts 
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking 
statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, 
“estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “predict”, “project”, “will” and similar terms and phrases, 
including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base 
Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding 
Evonik Group's business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and 
regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions 
that the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including Evonik 
Group's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than 
results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking 
statements. Evonik Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could 
cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become 
inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Base 
Prospectus: “Risk Factors” and “Evonik Industries AG”. These sections include more detailed 
descriptions of factors that might have an impact on Evonik Group's business and the markets in 
which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus 
may not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as 
required by law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking 
statements to actual events or developments. 
Without prejudice to the issuance of Notes in other currencies, in this Base Prospectus, all references 
to “€”, “EUR” or “Euro” are to the currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union, references 
to “CHF” are to the currency of Switzerland, references to “SEK” are to the currency of the Kingdom of 
Sweden, references to “NOK” are to the currency of the Kingdom of Norway, references to “RMB” are 
to the currency of the People’s Republic of China, references to “USD” are to the currency of the 
United States of America, references to “AUD” are to the currency of the Commonwealth of Australia, 
references to “CAD” are to the currency of Canada, references to “GBP” are to the currency of the 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and references to “Yen” are to the currency of 
Japan.

--- Page 7 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 2 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................... 4 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING EVONIK INDUSTRIES AG AND EVONIK GROUP ..................... 4 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES ............................................................................... 13 
EVONIK INDUSTRIES AG .................................................................................................................... 19 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW – PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND PRINCIPAL MARKETS ............................ 30 
ISSUE PROCEDURES ......................................................................................................................... 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION .............................. 37 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates .......................... 38 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest rates ..................... 55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION .............................. 73 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung ................... 74 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung ............. 93 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................... 114 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS ...................................... 137 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................... 139 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION ................................................................................................. 140 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................. 141 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 146 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer ............................................ 146 
Authorisation ................................................................................................................................ 146 
Consent to the Use of the Base Prospectus ............................................................................... 146 
Listing and Admission to Trading ................................................................................................ 147 
Clearing Systems ........................................................................................................................ 147 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the Issuer ................................................................................... 147 
Documents on Display ................................................................................................................ 147 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 149 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ...................................................................................... 149 
Cross-reference list of Documents incorporated by Reference .................................................. 149 
Availability of Documents ............................................................................................................ 150 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES................................................................................................................ 151

--- Page 8 ---
2 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, Evonik Industries AG (the “Issuer”) may 
from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as Dealer and any 
additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer(s), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the “Dealers”). 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the “Arranger”). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies, 
including – but not limited to – USD, RMB, JPY, CHF, SEK, NOK, AUD, CAD, GBP). The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as 
defined herein) from time to time. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. Notes may be distributed 
by way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The method of distribution of each tranche of Notes (the “Tranche”) will be stated in the 
relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”). Notes may be offered to qualified investors and/or retail 
investors as further specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in Tranches, each Tranche in itself consisting of Notes, which are identical in all 
respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series 
and identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue 
prices and dates for first interest payments may form a series (the “Series”) of Notes. Further Notes 
may be issued as part of existing Series. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the 
Notes will be, if in Euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than Euro, an amount in such other 
currency which is at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any 
applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be 
issued in Euro or any other currency. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Notes will be issued with a maturity of six months or more. The Notes will be freely transferable. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
stated in the relevant Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the 
time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the 
investors which are received by the Dealers during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum 
yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine 
an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which 
determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Application has been made to the CSSF of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg in its capacity as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg act relating to 
prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour 
valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the “Luxemburg Law”), 
for its approval of this Base Prospectus for any public offers of Notes under this Programme, inter alia, 
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(Bourse de Luxembourg) and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes 
may further be issued under the Programme which will not be listed on any stock exchange.

--- Page 9 ---
3 
 
 
 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. These systems will comprise those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main, Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV. The Notes 
are intended to be held in a manner, which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, the Notes 
will be deposited initially upon issue with in the case of (i) a new global note either Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg or Euroclear Bank SA/NV as common safekeeper or, (ii) a classical global 
note Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. It does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. will act as Luxembourg Listing Agent and Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent and paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent”). 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part 
of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), as amended by the 
Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Article 68(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) 
Order 2001, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(28) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA, as 
amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor or in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 10 ---
4 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes. 
The risk factors are presented in a limited number of categories depending on their nature. In each 
category the most material risk factor is mentioned first according to the assessment of the Issuer. 
The Issuer assessed the materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact. 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING EVONIK INDUSTRIES AG AND EVONIK GROUP 
1. Market Risks 
1.1 
Market and Global Economic Risks 
Evonik Group operates its business in more than 100 countries and generates its sales mainly outside 
of Germany. Therefore, Evonik Group is inherently exposed to the general economic risks of the 
countries and regions in which it operates. This general economic risk is driven by various factors, inter 
alia, (i) the volatility and cyclicality of the global chemical markets and their dependence on 
developments, (ii) the level of sovereign debt and (iii) a weak economic climate  
(i) 
The volatility and cyclicality of the global chemical markets and their dependence on developments 
in customer industries harbour opportunities and risks with respect to the business activities of 
Evonik Group's chemicals business. In addition, Evonik Group's risk profile is influenced by 
structural changes in markets, such as the entry of new suppliers, the migration of customers to 
countries with lower costs, and product substitution or market consolidation trends in some sectors. 
(ii) Concerns over the level of sovereign debt in many developed countries, particularly in the 
Eurozone and the United States, have led to high levels of uncertainty in many economies, 
industries and markets, have resulted in reduced economic growth.  
(iii) A weak economic climate and weak demand in customer industries that might inter alia be caused 
by pandemics may lead to significant reductions in demand for Evonik Group’s products resulting in 
adverse effects on Evonik Group’s sales and consequently profit and cash flow. As a specialty 
chemicals company, Evonik Group features a significant fixed cost base and a continuing 
substantial investment program, hence a decrease in sales volumes could have a material adverse 
impact on Evonik Group’s results of operations.  
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition, which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
1.2 
Evonik Group’s markets may become more intensively competitive 
Evonik Group is participating in competitive markets. These markets may become intensively 
competitive over time. Changes in demand and supply can have a considerable impact on Evonik 
Group’s business volumes and sales. There are associated risks, for example, for Evonik Group’s C4 
chemicals and amino business.  
Evonik believes that the major factors influencing the relative competitive situation of companies in the 
specialty chemicals business are competitors’ relative ability to innovate and improve production 
processes, the results of their efforts to do so and the effects of a range of regional factors on production 
costs, including lower wages in developing countries, less stringent environmental regulations, and 
favourable exchange rates. Certain of Evonik Group’s specialty chemical products are already relatively 
standardised. Others are at risk of becoming standardised products and may show a trend towards 
commoditisation which may significantly affect Evonik’s margins. Further risks could arise from 
disadvantages of distributions channels. 
The materialisation of the aforementioned risk could have an adverse effect on the market position and 
the market share of Evonik Group’s specialty business resulting in adverse effects on prices, volumes 
and realisable margins. This could negatively impact cash flows and financial condition which could in

--- Page 11 ---
5 
 
 
 
turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to 
decline. 
1.3 
Evonik Group’s risks of substitution and standardization of existing products  
As a specialty chemicals company, Evonik Group depends on its continued ability to develop new, 
improved, or more cost-effective materials, methods, technologies or other products, to produce the 
same in a cost-effective manner and to commercialise and sale new products successfully afterwards. 
The trend towards commoditisation and standardisation and risk of substitution in some of Evonik 
Group’s markets/products has increased the importance to support overall margin through research and 
development. In addition, Evonik Group has to offer more and more specialised products that are 
intended to offer higher value to customers in order to achieve satisfactory margins. Evonik Group may 
not successfully expand or improve its product portfolio or may lack the capacity to invest the required 
level of human or financial resources in the development of new products.  
Competitors may develop new types of materials or technologies with favourable characteristics, 
especially for regulatory purposes, or may improve on existing products and technologies which could 
lead to a substitution of Evonik products. In addition, the market for a newly developed product may 
unexpectedly decline or could even disappear. Further, technological developments or improvements in 
processes may permit competitors to offer products at lower prices than Evonik Group. For example, if 
Evonik Group’s competitors develop more innovative and economically efficient production processes, 
the value of Evonik Group’s proprietary production processes could be significantly reduced. 
Substitution and standardization of existing products may lead to reduced prices and volumes or 
margins.  
The realisation of any of the aforementioned risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s 
business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect 
Evonik Group’s financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
1.4 
Concentration risks in markets characterised by a small number of major customers  
Some markets of Evonik Group are characterised by a small number of major customers.  
A risk for Evonik Group would materialise in case of a payment default of a major customer or if 
customers in consolidated markets or customers in other industries which are currently facing a 
consolidation process, such as in the automotive or cosmetics markets, could use their power to exert 
pressure on Evonik Group’s prices and margins. 
This may have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows and 
financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s financing conditions or cause the 
market price of the Notes to decline. 
1.5 Evonik Group is dependent on certain raw materials and semi-finished products which 
could be affected by price increases  
Evonik Group is a producer of specialty chemicals products for which a large number of raw materials 
and semi-finished products is purchased.  
As a consequence, Evonik Group is dependent on the purchase prices of raw materials, which generally 
follow the price trends of crude oil and natural gas. Nevertheless, prices of some petrochemical 
derivatives, however, may rise more significantly than crude oil prices. 
Significant increases of raw materials and semi-finished products prices could have a significant impact 
on Evonik Group’s variable costs and in some markets (see “1.4 Concentration risks in markets 
charaterised by a small number of major customers”) it is not possible to pass on these costs to 
costumers, which would reduce Evonik Group’s margin. This in turn could have an adverse effect on 
Evonik Group’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely 
affect Evonik Group’s financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline.

--- Page 12 ---
6 
 
 
 
1.6 Evonik Group is dependent on the availability of certain raw materials and semi-finished 
products  
Evonik Group requires various raw materials and semi-finished products for all products it manufactures. 
Therefore, Evonik Group’s production processes are dependent on the availability of various raw 
materials and semi-finished products and Evonik Group relies on a limited number of third-party 
suppliers and other business partners to provide it with these raw materials.  
Material supply problems with one or more of these suppliers which could, inter alia, result from global 
pandemics may lead to shortages in specific raw materials lowering their availability for some time which 
could jeopardise Evonik Group’s business.  
If sourcing of certain raw materials cannot be safeguarded outages in Evonik Group’s production and 
subsequently arising supply difficulties could lead to lower sales and loss of reputation among Evonik 
customers because of lower reliability.  
The realisation of this risk could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
 
2. Operational Risks 
2.1 Risks relating to disruption of operations 
As a specialty chemicals company, Evonik Group operates production facilities using complex 
production processes, some of them with interdependent production steps. 
Evonik Group is therefore exposed to the risk issues in operations which could be caused by business 
interruptions, quality problems, and unexpected technical and IT difficulties. Disruptions can also be 
caused by, for example, accidents, explosions, fires, terrorist attacks, natural disasters or as a 
consequence of a global pandemic. If an interruption or breakdown of Evonik Group’s servers or data 
processing systems occurs, the operation of one or more business at Evonik Group may be 
detrimentally affected. Disruption and stoppages can adversely affect subsequent production steps and 
products. The outage of production facilities and interruptions in production workflows could have a 
significant negative influence produced volumes, and could also harm people and the environment.  
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
2.2 Risks relating to efficiency enhancement programs  
Evonik Group has implemented several efficiency enhancement programs in order to improve its 
financial performance.  
Evonik Group faces risks relating to the implementation of efficiency enhancement programs. This 
includes the risk of delays, the risk of loss of personnel with key expertise, the risk of a failure to meet 
financial targets and the risk of higher restructuring costs. A shortfall in savings would lead to higher 
fixed costs and consequently lower profit and cash flow. 
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline.

--- Page 13 ---
7 
 
 
 
2.3 Investments made by Evonik Group expose Evonik Group to the risk of misallocating 
resources or creating excess production capacity and to various other risks  
Depending on the type of product involved Evonik Group as a producer for specialty chemicals products 
is required to bear high initial capital expenditures and continuous investments in modernisation and 
expansion measures.  
In addition to the technological challenges embedded in many production and plant-related investments, 
the economic success of a specialty chemicals company requires that investments in new production 
facilities are properly timed. To some extent, Evonik Group’s growth prospects thus depend on the 
successful realisation of these investments. In making such investments, Evonik Group runs the risk of 
expanding its production capacity beyond market demand, resulting in negative consequences for 
capacity utilisation and/or product pricing, or of not being able to match excess market demand with its 
available production capacity, which may result in that demand being met by competitors instead.  
Based on circumstances which are not necessarily in Evonik Group's sphere of influence, complex 
investment projects such as new chemical production facilities may be subject to significant cost 
overruns and/or delays despite diligent planning. Evonik Group cannot rule out that defects or other 
external factors may cause interruptions in the operation after the construction has been completed. 
If Evonik Group misjudges market developments or underestimates the rate at which its competitors are 
expanding their production capacity (or intend to expand according to their communication), it may 
contribute to create excess production capacities that cannot be utilised as planned. In addition, 
investments in production capacity may be unsuccessful if the products turn out to be uncompetitive or if 
research and development expenditures fail to generate the anticipated results. Any unnecessary 
increase in production capacity and any inefficiencies resulting from the expansion of its production 
capacity could materially decrease the specialty chemicals business’ margins and require substantial 
impairments.  
Intangible assets can be subject to impairment losses, which result from a change in the reporting 
structure, the weighted average cost of capital and, above all, lower cash flow expectations. 
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
 
3. Financial Risks 
3.1 Risks of changes in foreign exchange rates on Evonik Group’s business 
Evonik Group has a presence in more than 100 countries with sales being mostly generated outside 
Germany. Consequently, a considerable portion of Evonik Group’s assets, liabilities, sales, expenses, 
and earnings is denominated in currencies other than the Euro. The most important foreign currencies, 
however, are the U.S. dollar and the Chinese Renminbi. 
Foreign exchange rate risks relate to the sourcing of raw materials and the sale of end products. 
Changes in exchange rates may lead to higher costs or lower sales than expected at the time of entry 
into the relevant contract and may reduce margins. In view of the rising importance of regions outside 
the Eurozone, exchange rate risks will increase in the long term. In addition, Evonik is subject to 
translation risks, which is the risk of variation in Evonik Group’s Euro denominated consolidated financial 
statements resulting from subsidiaries operating in currencies other than Euro. Exchange rate 
fluctuations, particularly of the U.S. dollar and the Chinese Renminbi. 
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline.

--- Page 14 ---
8 
 
 
 
3.2 Financial Risks in connection with pension obligations 
As per fiscal year end 2020, Evonik Group reported provisions for pensions and other post-employment 
benefits of EUR 4,618 million. Consequently, Evonik Group is exposed to the risk of valuation changes 
for these liabilities from interest rate fluctuations and other input parameters.  
Evonik Group has made certain pension commitments to its existing and some of its former employees 
in Germany and other countries. These commitments are partially covered by a pension scheme, by 
pension funds, special purpose funds and insurance policies. The remainder is being accounted for by a 
balance sheet liability.  
Changes, especially in interest rates, but also in mortality rates and rates of salary increases, can alter 
the present value of pension obligations, which directly alters equity and can result in changes in the 
expenses for pensions plans. Market, liquidity and default risks relating to financial instruments, also 
arise from the management of Evonik’s pension plan assets. 
In Germany, commitments to occupational pensions are legally secured by the Pension Insurance 
Association (PSVaG) against the insolvency of the employer. Employers have to contribute to the 
PSVaG every year. Insolvencies of other companies would create a risk of higher costs, being allocated 
to the Issuer. 
The realisation of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s earnings and financial 
condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s financing conditions or cause the market 
price of the Notes to decline. 
3.3 Risk of defaults on receivables and credit risk of Evonik Group’s customers and other 
business partners  
In a limited number of markets Evonik Group is dependent on a small number of customers or other 
business partners including financial counterparties.  
A significant adverse change in a business partner’s financial condition, caused by inter alia the global 
pandemic, limiting its ability to perform under its contractual obligation could cause Evonik Group to limit 
or discontinue business with that business partner, require it to assume more credit risk relating to that 
business partner’s receivables, or limit its ability to collect accounts receivables from that business 
partner. This applies in particular to production facilities erected in the direct vicinity of major customers. 
The realisation of this risk could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, results of earnings, 
cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s financing 
conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
3.4 Risks relating to market prices of financial investments  
Evonik Group handles financial investments in connection with pension plan assets (see “3.2 Financial 
Risks in connection with pension obligations”) and in other financial instruments. In this context, Evonik 
Group manages currency risks by using forward exchange contracts, currency swaps and cross-
currency interest rate swaps. Evonik Group is exposed to risks associated with price and liquidity as well 
as default risks in connection with these activities on financial markets. Default risks entail the risk of a 
loss if a third-party debtor is fully or partially unable to meet its payment commitments. 
Other price risks relating to the financial markets come mainly from investments in companies that are 
listed on a stock exchange, which pursuant to International Financial Reporting Standards have to be 
recognised on the balance sheet at their stock market value. Since Evonik Group does not generally 
undertake such investments with a view to short-term purchase or sale, the unrealised changes in 
market value are only recognised in the income statement if they represent a significant or long-term 
loss of value. Otherwise, they are recognised as changes in equity with no impact on profit or loss until 
such gains or losses are realised through sale of the investment. 
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s results of earnings, 
cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s financing 
conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline.

--- Page 15 ---
9 
 
 
 
3.5 Risks arising from acquisitions and divestments of Evonik Group 
It is one of Evonik Group’s goals to step up the focus on businesses with clear specialty chemicals 
characteristics. Active portfolio management therefore has high priority for Evonik Group as part of its 
value-based management approach.  
In the past, Evonik Group has therefore engaged in acquisitions of businesses, companies and equity 
interests in companies, including venture capital participations, or joint ventures and it intends to make 
further selective acquisitions in the future in order to improve its competitive position and/or activities in 
target areas. Such acquisitions are preceded by an assessment and approval process consisting of 
several steps and stages. Despite this risk monitoring mechanisms, it is possible that potential 
acquisition targets are misjudged or a company acquired cannot be integrated into Evonik Group as 
expected or at all. Depending on the purchase price and the composition of the financing mix selected, 
credit rating agencies may decide to downgrade existing ratings upon the execution of any portfolio 
management activities. 
In some circumstances, Evonik may readjust its financial investments and, e.g., acquire further shares 
from related companies. If minority shareholders were to be paid out, there could be the risk that Evonik, 
as a majority shareholder, pays larger premiums than expected. Furthermore, squeeze-outs might be 
challenged legally by minority shareholders and therefore postpone the final agreement. 
Where businesses no longer fit Evonik Group’s strategy or meet profitability requirements, Evonik Group 
also examines external options. If a planned divestment is not achieved successfully, this could 
generate risks to Evonik Group’s results of operations and financial condition position. In the case of 
disinvestments, there is a risk that these prove in retrospect to have negative effects on Evonik Group’s 
business activities and/or its financial positions as a whole or that the expected positive effects do not 
occur or not to the extent envisaged. Synergy effects, for instance, that have not been recognised or 
were wrongly assessed may cease to exist. Evonik Group could also be subject to claims based on 
warranty provisions agreed to in divestment agreements.  
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
 
4. Legal/ Regulation/ Compliance 
4.1 Information technology risks  
Evonik Group is increasingly reliant on IT systems (hardware and software) and the necessity of their 
permanent availability impose high demands on the information technology used. Evonik Group’s IT 
systems support almost all functions of Evonik Group, including all segments and geographic locations. 
Within this context Evonik Group’s products and systems generate and store significant volumes of 
personal and sensitive business information, including personally identifiable information of customers, 
employees, partners and suppliers. 
If these systems and information are compromised, there is a significant risk that this will have a 
detrimental effect on Evonik Group’s business and production processes. Risks could materialise, for 
example, from cyber criminality from within or outside Evonik Group including electronic attacks or digital 
industrial espionage. 
Evonik Group is subject to the Federal Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz) and similar 
regulations. Unauthorised access to information stored by Evonik Group by a third party may cause 
damage to Evonik Group's reputation, constitute infringements of administrative and criminal law and 
grant the affected persons a right to damage claims against Evonik Group.  
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline.

--- Page 16 ---
10 
 
 
 
4.2 Evonik Group is exposed to legal risks 
Evonik Group is exposed to risks relating to current, threatened or possible future legal disputes, 
administrative proceedings, fines or damage claims, alleged patent breaches, antitrust infringements, as 
well as guarantee claims from divestments. In its operating business, Evonik Group is exposed to 
liability risks, especially in connection with product liability and environmental law. This applies as well to 
legal risks occurring from foreign trade/ customs, corruption/fraud, privacy law, labor and social security 
law, financial market regulation, accounting standards or further regulations.  
The outcome of individual proceedings cannot be predicted with assurance due to the uncertainties 
always associated with legal disputes and administrative proceedings. To the extent necessary in light 
of the known circumstances in each case, Evonik Group has set up risk provisions for the event of an 
unfavourable outcome of such disputes and proceedings. 
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
4.3 Risks related to current energy regulation 
As a producer of specialty chemicals, Evonik Group requires large quantities of energy from various 
sources for use in its production facilities, the most important of which are oil, natural gas and electricity.  
Evonik is exposed to fluctuations in the market price and cost of various energy sources because of the 
specific demand/supply situation and political events. Further, Evonik Group currently benefits from 
significant tax allowances regarding the taxation of energy (in particular electricity and natural gas). The 
German Renewable Energy Act (Erneuerbare-Energien-Gesetz - “EEG”) generally imposes a levy on 
energy consumption to finance renewable energy investments. Evonik Group benefits from several 
exemptions regarding this levy. As a result, of the revision of the EEG in 2011, some rules regarding 
these exemptions became stricter. Due to the continuously rising EEG levy, political discussions are 
ongoing regarding a further curtailment of the existing exemptions. This could result in significantly 
higher energy costs for Evonik Group in the future.  
In Evonik Group’s chemicals business, the energy policy framework could have a detrimental effect. 
This applies, in particular, to future regulatory measures to reduce CO2 emissions further. Moreover, 
plans to reduce temporarily the number of CO2 allowances made available through auctions 
(“backloading”) and/or to curtail the list of “carbon leakage sectors” entitled to receive allowances free 
of charge will hamper the economical and competitive construction of new chemical and coal-fired 
power plants in Germany and abroad, in particular if a sufficient amount of emission certificates is not 
available or cannot be acquired on acceptable terms. These and other changes to the legal, regulatory, 
tax and political conditions may complicate operational procedures, increase costs or require Evonik 
Group to abandon certain substances or discontinue certain production methods. 
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, result of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
4.4 Evonik Group’s tax risks  
Evonik Group has operations in more than 100 countries and generates its sales mainly outside of 
Germany. Therefore, Evonik Group is liable to pay taxes in many jurisdictions. The tax burden on the 
Group depends in particular on the interpretation of local tax regulations, bilateral or multilateral 
international tax treaties and the administrative doctrines in each of these jurisdictions.  
Changes in these tax regimes, or in the interpretation of existing rules under these regimes, could have 
an impact on Evonik Group’s tax burden or lead to claims and lawsuits. 
In addition, there is a principle risk that the tax authorities carrying out tax audits in the future may not 
concur with previous tax assessments with regard to certain transactions or the intra-group performance 
of services. Accordingly, the tax authorities may re-assess these transactions or intra-group services, 
which may increase the tax burden. Evonik Group considers the provisions made for risks of this kind to 
be sufficient. There is also a risk that existing tax loss carry forwards may not be set-off or will cease to 
exist. Should Evonik Group be requested to pay taxes for prior years or should the extent or manner of

--- Page 17 ---
11 
 
 
 
offsetting existing loss carry forwards be limited or should the taxation be increased as a consequence 
of the interest barrier rules (Zinsschrankenregelung), this would have a detrimental impact on the asset, 
financial and profit situation of Evonik Group. 
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s result of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
4.5 Risks related to environment, safety, health and quality (ESHQ) regulations related to the 
processing of hazardous substances  
As a specialty chemicals company, Evonik Group operates production facilities using hazardous 
substances and is therefore exposed to product safety, occupational safety and environmental risks. 
Despite the high technical and safety standards Evonik Group applies to the construction, operation and 
maintenance of its production sites in Evonik Group’s chemicals business, the risk of operational 
disturbances cannot be excluded. These may be caused both by external factors, which Evonik Group 
is unable to influence, such as natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism, strikes, official orders, technical 
interruptions or material defects, and accidents or other mistakes in internal procedures such as fire, 
explosion, release of toxic or hazardous substances. In all of these cases, humans, third party property 
or the environment may sustain damages resulting in material financial liabilities for Evonik Group. 
Damage of this kind may entail civil or criminal law consequences as well as the drop out of the relevant 
production site or power plant. 
The product portfolio of Evonik Group’s chemicals business also includes hazardous substances. It 
cannot be excluded that products of its chemicals business that are currently classified as harmless will 
be classified as dangerous in the future or that product characteristics that are not known today cause 
impairments of health. 
Furthermore, Evonik Group possesses a number of properties which are or were being used industrially 
(including landfills, dumps and mining sites) and Evonik Group could potentially be held liable for 
existing pollution or other potential hazards on or in the environment of such properties or it cannot be 
ruled out that this will be the case. Landfills, dumps and mining sites may require a considerable amount 
of redevelopment. Environmental liabilities occur or may also occur with regard to property sold to third 
parties in the past. Moreover, Evonik Group is or may be held liable as polluter or legal successor of the 
polluter regardless of the ownership in the property involved. 
Evonik Group has taken out the necessary property, third party and advance loss of profit insurances in 
the scope customary in the sector and has made appropriate provisions where required. However, 
significant additional environmental costs and liabilities may need to be incurred in the future in excess 
of these provisions. 
In addition, changes in current regulation for example related to stricter environmental regulations or 
handling and classification of hazardous substances could intensify the aforementioned risks. 
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, result of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
4.6 Risks related to Evonik’s shareholder structure 
The current direct major shareholder of Evonik is RAG-Stiftung. Due to its shareholdings, RAG-Stiftung 
will be in a position to exert substantial influence at the general shareholders’ meeting and, 
consequently, on matters decided by the general shareholders’ meeting, including the appointment of 
supervisory board members, the distribution of dividends, capital reductions, actions within the meaning 
of the German Transformation Act (Umwandlungsgesetz), the buyback of shares and any proposed 
capital increase.  
According to its statutes, RAG-Stiftung is required to pursue certain objectives related to the public 
interest, in particular the funding of the long-term liabilities arising from the winding-down of coal-mining 
activities (Ewigkeitslasten) in Germany. As a consequence, the interest of RAG-Stiftung could deviate 
from the interests of other shareholders or bondholders. For example, this concentration of share 
ownership might delay, postpone or prevent a change of control of Evonik and might inhibit mergers,

--- Page 18 ---
12 
 
 
 
consolidations, acquisitions or other forms of combinations that might be advantageous for other 
shareholders or bondholders.  
Conflicts of interest could arise as a result of the fact that members of the Supervisory Board of Evonik 
simultaneously exercise executive functions at Evonik´s shareholder RAG-Stiftung.  
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
4.7  Risks from the protection of intellectual property and know-how 
For Evonik Group, as a producer of specialty chemicals, innovations play a significant part for business 
success.  
Protecting know-how and intellectual property is therefore of central importance. Evonik Group is 
exposed to a risk that intellectual property cannot be adequately protected, even through patents, 
especially when building new production facilities in certain countries. Similarly, the transfer of know-how 
in joint ventures and other forms of cooperation also entails a risk of an outflow of expertise from Evonik 
Group. For example, in the event of the possible separation from a joint venture or other cooperation 
partner there is no guarantee that the business partner will not continue to use know-how transferred or 
disclose it to third parties, thereby damaging Evonik Group’s competitive position.  
The realisation of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on Evonik Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition which could in turn adversely affect Evonik Group’s 
financing conditions or cause the market price of the Notes to decline.

--- Page 19 ---
13 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES 
The risk factors regarding the Notes are presented in the following categories depending on their 
nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
1.1 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of 
market interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation 
rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Holders of Notes are 
therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavorable development of market prices of their Notes which 
materialize if the Holders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If Holders of Notes 
decide to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a 
result of changes in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate 
Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current 
interest rate on the capital market typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate 
changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market 
interest rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, 
the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal 
to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If Holders of Fixed Rate Notes hold such Notes until 
maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Holders as the Notes will 
be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
Holders of Floating Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels 
and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the 
profitability of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the 
relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate 
during the term of any Notes. 
1.2 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme 
provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. 
Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance regarding the future 
development of a market for the Notes or the ability of Holders to sell their Notes or the price at which 
Holders may be able to sell their Notes. If such a market were to develop, the Notes could trade at 
prices that may be higher or lower than the initial offering price depending on many factors, including 
prevailing interest rates, the Issuer's operating results, the market for similar securities and other 
factors, including general economic conditions, performance and prospects, as well as 
recommendations of securities analysts. The liquidity of, and the trading market for, the Notes may 
also be adversely affected by declines in the market for debt securities generally. Such a decline may 
affect any liquidity and trading of the Notes independent of the Issuer's financial performance and 
prospects. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, 
be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, 
an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices.

--- Page 20 ---
14 
 
 
 
2. Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
2.1 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if the Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to maturity 
(optional call right) or for reason of minimal outstanding amount. If the applicable Final Terms indicate 
that payments on Notes are linked to a benchmark, the Issuer may also have the right to redeem the 
Notes in case of a discontinuation of such benchmark. In addition, the Issuer will always have the 
right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on 
the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions. If the Issuer redeems the 
Notes prior to maturity, the Holders of such Notes are exposed to the risk that due to such early 
redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to 
exercise his call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen which means 
that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a 
lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise his call right if the yield on 
comparable Notes in the capital market has increased. In this event an investor will not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, 
however, that the Issuer may exercise any call right irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
2.2 
Risks associated with the reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate 'benchmarks'  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rates or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed "benchmarks" (each a “Benchmark” and together, the “Benchmarks”) 
have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council's regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC 
and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as amended (the “Benchmark Regulation”) 
which is fully applicable since 1 January 2018.  
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including 
in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains 
authorisation or is registered and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU 
jurisdiction, if the administrator's legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (Art. 30 
Benchmark Regulation), the administrator is recognised (Art. 32 Benchmark Regulation) or 
the Benchmark is endorsed (Art. 33 Benchmark Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions). If this is not the case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted; and 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing 
or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could 
impact the Notes, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate. 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmark Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, 
initiatives and investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of 
Benchmarks may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or 
Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be 
predicted.  
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate 
Notes which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back 
provisions applicable to such Notes, which in the end could lead, inter alia, to a previously available 
rate of the Benchmark being applied until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, effectively turning the 
floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest, or, to determination of the applicable interest rate

--- Page 21 ---
15 
 
 
 
on the basis of another benchmark determined by the Issuer in its discretion or to an early termination 
of the relevant Notes at the option of the Issuer. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives, could have 
a material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-
mentioned changes and/or any further changes in the administration or method of determining a 
Benchmark could have an effect on the value of any Notes linked to the relevant Benchmark, 
investors should be aware that any changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amounts payable on, Floating Rate Notes whose rate of 
interest is linked to such Benchmark. 
2.3 
Currency Risk 
Holders of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency other than euro) are particularly 
exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. 
Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors, such as macro-economic factors, 
speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and governments.  
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a 
corresponding change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a 
corresponding change in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other 
than euro in accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the 
value of the euro rises correspondingly, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal 
payments made thereunder expressed in euro falls.  
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected. 
2.4 
Risks 
related 
to 
the 
to 
the 
German 
Act 
on 
Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) 
Since the Terms and Conditions of Notes issued under the Programme provide for meetings of 
Holders of a series of Notes or the taking of votes without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of 
such Notes may be amended (as proposed or agreed by the Issuer) by majority resolution of the 
Holders of such Notes and any such majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder is 
therefore subject to the risk that its rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the 
relevant series of Notes are amended, reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the 
Holders. Any such majority resolution will even be binding on Holders who have declared their claims 
arising from the Notes due and payable based on the occurrence of an event of default but who have 
not received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment taking effect. According to the German 
Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – “SchVG”), the relevant majority for 
Holders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount 
of the relevant Notes outstanding. Therefore, any such resolution may effectively be passed with the 
consent of less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
Under the SchVG, an initial common representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) of the Holders (the 
“Holders' Representative”) may be appointed by way of the terms and conditions of an issue.  
No initial Holders' Representative might be appointed by the Terms and Conditions. Any appointment 
of a Holders' Representative post issuance of Notes will, therefore, require a majority resolution of the 
Holders of the Notes. If the appointment of a Holders' Representative is delayed, this will make it 
more difficult for Holders to take collective action to enforce their rights under the Notes. 
If a Holders' Representative will be appointed by majority decision of the Holders it is possible that 
Holders may be deprived of their individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and 
Conditions against the Issuer, if such right was passed to the Holders' Representative by majority vote 
who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders.

--- Page 22 ---
16 
 
 
 
2.4 
Risks related to Renminbi denominated Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. This may adversely affect the liquidity of the Renminbi 
denominated Notes; the availability of Renminbi funds for servicing the Renminbi denominated Notes 
may be subject to future limitations imposed by the People's Republic of China (the “PRC”) 
government. The PRC government continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign 
currencies, including the euro, despite the significant reduction over the years by the PRC 
government of control over routine foreign exchange transactions under current accounts. Currently 
participating banks in, inter alia, Frankfurt, London, Singapore, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan have 
been permitted to engage in the settlement of Renminbi trade transactions. This represents a current 
account activity. 
While there have been several reforms to further reduce governmental control over foreign exchange 
transactions in recent years, there is no assurance that the PRC government will continue to liberalise 
a control over cross-border Renminbi remittances in the future or that new PRC regulations will not be 
promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi 
into or outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, 
this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to 
source Renminbi to perform its obligations under Renminbi denominated Notes.  
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi denominated Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service 
the Renminbi denominated Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, 
the availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited. Currently, licensed banks in Singapore, 
Hong Kong and Taiwan may offer limited Renminbi denominated banking services to Singapore 
residents, Hong Kong residents, Taiwan residents and specified business customers. The People's 
Bank of China (“PBOC”) has also established a Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, London, Frankfurt and Seoul. Each of Industrial 
and Commercial Bank of China, Singapore Branch, Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited, Bank of 
China, Taipei Branch, China Construction Bank (London) Limited, Bank of China, Frankfurt Branch 
and Bank of Communications, Seoul Branch (each a “Renminbi Clearing Bank”) has entered into 
settlement agreements with the PBOC to act as the Renminbi clearing bank in Singapore, Hong 
Kong, Taiwan, London, Frankfurt and Seoul, respectively.  
However, the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC. 
The relevant Renminbi Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for 
the purposes of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions, 
including open positions resulting from conversion services for corporations relating to cross-border 
trade settlement. The relevant Renminbi Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks 
any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services and the 
participating banks will need to source Renminbi from the offshore market to square such open 
positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. 
There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the settlement 
agreements will not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting 
availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the 
liquidity of the Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore 
market to service its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such 
Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
The PRC government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. Consequently, the trading price of Notes 
denominated in RMB will vary with fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If a Holder tries to sell such 
Notes before their maturity, he may receive an offer that is less than his original investment. The value 
of Renminbi against the Euro or other foreign currencies fluctuates and is affected by changes in the 
PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. Except in the 
limited circumstances as described in the terms and conditions, the Issuer will make all payments of

--- Page 23 ---
17 
 
 
 
interest and principal with respect to the Renminbi Notes in Renminbi. As a result, the value of these 
Renminbi payments in euro or other applicable foreign currency terms may vary with the prevailing 
exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the euro or other 
applicable foreign currency, the value of a Holder's investment in euro or other applicable foreign 
currency terms will decline.  
If the Issuer cannot obtain Renminbi and is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation 
to pay interest and principal on the Renminbi Notes when due, in whole or in part, in Renminbi in the 
relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre as a result of Inconvertibility, Non transferability or Illiquidity 
(each, as defined in § 4 of the Terms and Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled to postpone any 
such payment or, on giving not less than five or more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Holders 
prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment, in whole or in part, in U.S. dollars on 
the due date at the USD Equivalent (as defined in in § 7 of the Terms and Conditions) of any such 
interest or principal amount otherwise payable in Renminbi, as the case may be. 
3. Other related Risks 
3.1 
Risks related to Credit Ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors 
discussed herein and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain 
constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by 
the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Rating agencies may also 
change their methodologies for rating securities in the future. Any suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one or more of the credit rating could adversely 
affect the value and trading of such Notes. 
3.2 
Risks associated with green bonds  
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a green bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for 
projects and activities that promote social and environmental purposes (the “Green Projects”). 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding 
such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary.  
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Notes, the Issuer 
may refer to such of Notes as "green bonds" or "sustainable bonds". The definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", 
"sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project is currently under development. In addition, it is an 
area which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and 
regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, on 18 December 2019, the Council and the European Parliament 
reached a political agreement on a regulation to establish a framework to facilitate sustainable 
development (the “Taxonomy Regulation”). On 9 March 2020, the Technical Expert Group on 
Sustainable Finance published its final report on the EU taxonomy containing recommendations 
relating to the overarching design of the EU Taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation guidance 
on how companies and financial institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy, including in 
relation to a future European standard for green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert Group on 
Sustainable Finance in 2019 (the “EU Green Bond Standard”). On 15 April 2020, the Council 
adopted by written procedure its position at first reading with respect to the Taxonomy Regulation. 
The European Parliament will have to vote on the text pursuant to the "early second reading 
agreement" procedure. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and

--- Page 24 ---
18 
 
 
 
of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment, and amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 entered into force and will apply in part as of 
1 January 2022 and will apply in whole as of 1 January 2023. On 12 June 2020, the European 
Commission launched a public consultation on the creation of the EU Green Bond Standard. This 
consultation was running for an extended period of 16 weeks until 2 October 2020. Based on the 
outcome of this consultation, as well as ongoing bilateral stakeholder dialogues, the European 
Commission is likely to establish the EU Green Bond Standard in Q2 2021 according to Annex 1 of 
the European Commission Work Programme 2021. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring 
agent or any sustainability advisor or second party opinion provider that the use of such proceeds for 
any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any existing or future legislative or 
regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect 
to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply 
under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
In the event that any Tranche of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any other person that such listing or admission 
satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements with 
respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to 
comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made 
by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Tranche of Notes or, if obtained, that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of that Tranche of Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Notes so 
specified for Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms 
and the Green Bond Framework, there can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or 
ESG structuring agent or any other person that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or 
related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner 
and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance by the Issuer, the 
Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any other person that such Green Projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to 
the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or any failure by 
the Issuer to do so will not give the Holder the right to early terminate the Notes. 
Any failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green 
Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which 
such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are 
intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 25 ---
19 
 
 
 
EVONIK INDUSTRIES AG  
Formation, Incorporation, Trade Name, Fiscal Year and Registered Office  
Through a memorandum of association dated 19 September 1969, Evonik was originally formed as a 
limited liability company under German law (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung) under the legal 
name “GMT Chemie-Beteiligung Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung” with its registered office in 
Düsseldorf, Germany. In 1982, Evonik’s registered office was moved to Essen, Germany, and the 
general shareholders’ meeting approved a resolution in 1993 to change its legal name to “RAG 
Beteiligungs-GmbH”.  
In 2006, the general shareholders’ meeting approved a resolution to change the legal form of Evonik 
to a stock corporation under German law (Aktiengesellschaft) with the name “RAG Beteiligungs-AG”. 
On 11 September 2007, the general shareholders’ meeting approved a resolution to change Evonik’s 
legal name to “Evonik Industries AG”. The change in name was registered with the Commercial 
Register at the Local Court of Essen (Amtsgericht) on 12 September 2007.  
Evonik’s trade name is “Evonik”. Evonik’s fiscal year is the calendar year. The legal entity identifier of 
Evonik is: 41GUOJQTALQHLF39XJ34. 
Evonik’s 
registered 
office 
is 
at 
Rellinghauser 
Straße 1-11, 
45128 
Essen, 
Germany 
(telephone: +49 201 177-01). Evonik is registered with the Commercial Register of the Local Court of 
Essen under the number HRB 19474 and operates under German law. 
Evonik’s website is www.evonik.com 
The information displayed on Evonik’s website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless such 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should read the information below together with the consolidated financial statements of 
Evonik, including the notes thereto, and the other financial information that is included elsewhere in, 
or incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus. 
Selected Financial Information  
Evonik Group  
The following table shows selected consolidated financial information for Evonik Group: 
Income statement 
 
1 January 2020 -
31 December 2020 
1 January 2019 -
31 December 2019 
 
million EUR (audited) 
Sales 
12,199 
13,108 
Adjusted EBITDA1) * 
1,906 
2,153 
Income before financial result and income 
taxes, continuing operations 
819 
1,086 
Prior-year figures restated. 
 
 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
million EUR (audited, unless otherwise noted) 
Total assets 
20,897 
22,023 
Equity 
8,099 
9,060 
Non-current liabilities 
9,872 
9,409

--- Page 26 ---
20 
 
 
 
   thereof: Provisions for pensions and other 
post-employment benefits  
4,618 
3,967 
Current liabilities 
2,926 
3,554 
Net financial debt (unaudited) 2) **  
2,886 
2,141 
 
Cash flow statement 
 
 
 
1 January 2020 – 
31 December 2020 
1 January 2019 – 
31 December 2019 
 
million EUR (audited, unless otherwise noted) 
Cash flow from operating activities, 
continuing operations 
1,736 
1,352 
Cash flow from investing activities, 
continuing operations 
-570 
-245 
   thereof: Cash outflows for investments in 
intangible assets, property, plant and 
equipment 
-956 
-880 
Free cash flow (unaudited) 3 *** (cash flow 
from operating activities, continuing 
operations less cash outflows for 
investments in intangible assets, property, 
plant and equipment) 
780 
472 
Cash flow from financing activities, 
continuing operations 
-1,734 
-848 
Prior-year figures restated. 
1) Adjusted EBITDA means earnings before financial result, taxes, depreciation and amortization, after factoring out special 
items (adjusted). The special items that are factored out include restructuring, impairment losses / reversals of impairment 
losses, income and expenses in connection with the purchase / disposal of investments in companies, and other income and 
expense items that, due to their nature or amount, do not reflect the typical operating business. EBITDA shows operating 
performance irrespective of the structure of assets and the investment profile. Evonik Group uses this in particular for internal 
and external comparisons of the cost structure and profitability of Evonik Group`s business. 
* Adjusted EBITDA is a financial measure presented in this Base Prospectus which is not a recognised financial measure 
under IFRS (“Non-GAAP Financial Measure”) and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial 
measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP 
Financial Measures”). The Issuer has provided this and other Non-GAAP Financial Measures because it provides investors 
with additional information to assess the economic situation of Evonik Industries AG`s business activities. The definition of 
this Non-GAAP Financial Measure may vary from the definition of identically named Non-GAAP Financial Measures used by 
other companies. Adjusted EBITDA as used by the Issuer should not be considered as an alternative to net income/loss after 
income taxes, revenues or any other measures derived in accordance with IFRS as measures of operating performance. 
Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis 
of results as reported under IFRS. 
2) Net financial debt is defined by Evonik as non-current financial liabilities excluding derivatives, excluding the refund liability for 
rebate and bonus agreements, and excluding liabilities from exchange-type transactions with competitors plus current 
financial liabilities excluding derivatives, excluding the refund liability for rebate and bonus agreements, and excluding 
liabilities from exchange-type transactions with competitors less cash and cash equivalents, current securities and other 
financial investments. Evonik discloses these figures because it regards net financial debt as a helpful measure for evaluating 
Evonik Group's indebtedness. 
** Net financial debt is a financial measure presented in this Base Prospectus which is not a recognised financial measure 
under IFRS (“Non-GAAP Financial Measure”) and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial 
measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP 
Financial Measures”). The Issuer has provided this and other Non-GAAP Financial Measures because it provides investors 
with additional information to assess the economic situation of Evonik Industries AG`s financial condition. The definition of 
this Non-GAAP Financial Measure may vary from the definition of identically named Non-GAAP Financial Measures used by 
other companies. Net financial debt as used by the Issuer should not be considered as an alternative to current or non-
current liabilities or current or non-current financial liabilities, derived in accordance with IFRS as measures of indebtedness

--- Page 27 ---
21 
 
 
 
or financial condition. Net financial debt has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a 
substitute for analysis of indebtedness or financial condition as reported under IFRS. 
3) Evonik uses free cash flow as an operational performance indicator. Free cash flow is defined as cash flow from operating 
activities, continuing operations, less cash outflows for capital expenditures on intangible assets, property, plant and 
equipment. The free cash flow is calculated before any cash flow items linked to financing activities. It therefore shows Evonik 
Group’s internal financing capacity. 
As of 31 December 2019, free cash flow is calculated after tax payments of EUR 245 million relating to the carve-out of the 
methacrylates business, which is included in the cash flow from operations, continuing operations. Accordingly, the free cash 
flow before tax payments relating to the carve-out of the methacrylates business is EUR 717 million as of 31 December 2019. 
*** 
Free cash flow is a financial measure presented in this Base Prospectus which is not a recognised financial measure 
under IFRS (“Non-GAAP Financial Measure”) and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial 
measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP 
Financial Measures”). The Issuer has provided this and other Non-GAAP Financial Measures because it provides investors 
with additional information to assess the economic situation of Evonik Industries AG`s business activities. The definition of 
this Non-GAAP Financial Measure may vary from the definition of identically named Non-GAAP Financial Measures used by 
other companies. Free cash flow as used by the Issuer should not be considered as an alternative to net income/loss after 
income taxes, revenues, cash flows from operating activities or any other measures derived in accordance with IFRS as 
measures of operating performance. Free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in 
isolation or as a substitute for analysis of results as reported under IFRS. 
 
Historical Financial Information 
As detailed in this Base Prospectus under “Documents incorporated by reference”, the audited 
consolidated financial statements of Evonik as of and for the fiscal year ending on 31 December 2019 
and the independent auditors' report thereon are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
As detailed in this Base Prospectus under “Documents incorporated by reference”, the audited 
consolidated financial statements of Evonik as of and for the fiscal year ending on 31 December 2020 
and the independent auditors' report thereon are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Evonik’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”). 
History and Development  
Evonik evolved from RAG Aktiengesellschaft group (“RAG Group”), an industrial conglomerate that 
had originally been involved in the German coal mining industry, but that had acquired several other 
businesses over the course of its history. When Evonik was separated from RAG Group at the end of 
2007, it was made up of three business areas: chemicals, energy and real estate. 
Following a change of Evonik’s strategy adopted in 2009, Evonik began to restructure its operations 
with a focus on its specialty chemicals business. This restructuring involved the sale of a 51 per cent. 
interest in the energy company Steag GmbH (“Steag”) to a consortium of municipal energy 
companies in 2010. In September 2014, the remaining stake of 49 per cent. was divested to the 
afore-mentioned purchaser.  
In July 2013, Evonik divested the majority of its shares in Vivawest GmbH (formerly “Evonik 
Immobilien GmbH”) in which the real estate operations were bundled. At the end of June 2015, 
Evonik divested its remaining stake of 10.3 per cent. in Vivawest GmbH to RAG Aktiengesellschaft.  
At the end of 2018, Evonik signed an agreement with One Equity Partners to acquire from them the 
US company PeroxyChem. PeroxyChem is a manufacturer of hydrogen peroxide and peracetic acid 
and has an operational focus on high-margin specialty applications. The acquisition of PeroxyChem 
was planned for summer 2019 but was delayed by a lawsuit filed by the Federal Trade Commission 
(FTC) in the United States of America. The case was dismissed in January 2020 and the USD 640 
million acquisition was closed on 3 February 2020. 
As part of the consistent implementation of the Evonik Group’s corporate strategy, on 31 July 2019, 
Evonik divested its methacrylates business to Advent International Corporation, Boston 
(Massachusetts, USA). The methacrylates business comprised large-volume monomers such as

--- Page 28 ---
22 
 
 
 
methylmethacrylate (MMA), various specialty monomers, the PLEXIGLAS® brand of PMMA molding 
compounds and semi-finished products as well as the CYPLUS® sodium cyanide activities.  
To strengthen the catalysts business in the Smart Materials division, in November 2020 Evonik 
acquired the Porocel Group, Wilmington (Delaware, USA) for USD 210 million. Porocel offers a 
technology for highly efficient rejuvenation of desulfurization catalysts, which are in increasing 
demand in the growing market for low-sulfur fuel.  
As a reaction to the coronavirus pandemic beginning in 2020, Evonik took the necessary precautions 
to protect its employees at an early stage in order to prevent the virus from spreading within the 
company while continuing to operate as best possible. Evonik is continuing to analyze the present 
situation on a daily basis so that timely action can be taken.  
Corporate Purpose  
According to Section 2(1) of the articles of association, Evonik’s corporate purpose is to conduct 
activities in the Chemical field in Germany and abroad, as well as in associated areas, including the 
provision of services associated with this.  
Evonik is entitled to carry out all businesses and measures which are connected to the corporate 
purpose of Evonik and which are directly or indirectly suitable in serving this purpose. It may found, 
acquire or take interests in other companies or combine companies under its unified control, or restrict 
itself to the management of its holdings or transfer the investment or administration of the investment 
to a third party for the expense of Evonik, dispose of its holdings as well as conclude company 
agreements (Unternehmensverträge) and establish branches. Evonik may also transfer its business in 
full or partially to direct and indirect subsidiaries and restrict itself to the management of a corporate 
group which is active in the areas named in the previous paragraph. 
Evonik Group Structure 
Evonik is the strategic management holding company of Evonik Group. Its material consolidated 
subsidiaries as of 31 December 2020 are listed in Evonik’s financial report 2020, as incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus (see “Documents incorporated by reference”). 
The operating business is run by Evonik Operations GmbH and its subsidiaries in Germany and 
abroad. There are domination and profit-and-loss transfer agreements between Evonik as dominating 
company and its direct subsidiary Evonik Operations GmbH as dominated company as well as 
domination and profit-and-loss transfer agreements between Evonik Operations GmbH as dominating 
company and its German subsidiaries as dominated companies. 
Statutory Auditor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37, 
60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany (“PwC”), was appointed as the statutory auditor of Evonik 
Industries AG, Essen for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, 
respectively. PwC audited the consolidated financial statements of Evonik for the fiscal years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, which were prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union, and issued in each case an 
unqualified 
auditor’s 
report 
(uneingeschränkter 
Bestätigungsvermerk 
des 
unabhängigen 
Abschlussprüfers). 
PwC 
is 
a 
member 
of 
the 
Chamber 
of 
Public 
Accountants 
(Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Rauchstraße 26, 10787 Berlin, Germany. 
Current Share Capital; Shares  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Evonik’s share capital amounts to € 466,000,000.00. It is 
divided into 466,000,000 ordinary registered shares with no par value, each such share with a 
notional value of € 1.00. The share capital has been fully paid up. The shares were created pursuant 
to German law. 
The share capital of Evonik has not changed since 1 January 2008. On 13 December 2011, Evonik’s 
extraordinary shareholders’ meeting resolved to convert the bearer shares into registered shares and 
the conversion was registered in the commercial register on 16 December 2011.

--- Page 29 ---
23 
 
 
 
Borrowing and Funding Structure 
There are no material changes in Evonik’s borrowing and funding structure since the end of fiscal 
year 2020. 
Description of the expected financing of Evonik’s activities 
Financing requirements arising from the ordinary course of business will generally be covered by cash 
inflows from operating activities and available liquidity. Any upcoming maturities of capital market debt 
may either be repaid from existing liquidity or refinanced by the issuance of new capital market 
instruments. In addition, short-term financings to bridge temporary liquidity needs as well as the use of 
local financing instruments depending on local requirements may be conducted. Evonik Group may 
from time to time reassess its financing activities depending on specific developments. 
Description of the Governing Bodies of Evonik  
Overview 
Evonik’s governing bodies are the Executive Board (Vorstand), the Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat) 
and the general shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung). The power of each of these governing 
bodies, respectively, is determined by the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), Evonik’s 
articles of association and the internal rules of procedure of both the Supervisory Board and 
Executive Board. 
The Executive Board is responsible for managing Evonik in accordance with applicable law, Evonik’s 
articles of association and its internal rules of procedure, including the schedule of responsibilities. 
The Executive Board represents Evonik in dealings with third parties. 
The principal function of the Supervisory Board is to appoint and supervise the Executive Board. The 
Supervisory Board may not make management decisions, but Evonik's articles of association or the 
Supervisory Board itself may require the prior consent of the Supervisory Board for certain types of 
transactions. 
Conflicts of interest could arise as a result of the fact that members of the Supervisory Board of 
Evonik simultaneously exercise executive functions at Evonik´s shareholder RAG-Stiftung. Namely, 
Bernd Tönjes is the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Evonik and simultaneously the Chairman of 
the Executive Board of RAG-Stiftung, which is the direct major shareholder with a share of 
approximately 58 per cent. in Evonik´s share capital. 
The members of the Executive Board, however, do not have potential conflicts of interest between 
any duties to Evonik and their private interests or other duties because no member exercises 
simultaneously functions at Evonik´s shareholder RAG-Stiftung. 
Executive Board 
Current Composition of the Executive Board 
Under Evonik’s articles of association, the Executive Board must consist of at least two persons. The 
Supervisory Board appoints Executive Board members for a maximum period of five years. The 
Supervisory Board may appoint an Executive Board member as chairman of the Executive Board. 
Currently, Evonik’s Executive Board consists of four members. 
Evonik is represented by two Executive Board members or an Executive Board member jointly with an 
authorised signatory.

--- Page 30 ---
24 
 
 
 
The table below lists the current members of Evonik’s Executive Board and indicates the principal 
activities of the current members of Evonik’s Executive Board (such as acting as a member of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies of and/or a partner in companies and partnerships) 
outside Evonik Group to the extent those activities are significant with respect to Evonik Group: 
Christian Kullmann, Hamminkeln 
Chairman of the Executive Board  
President of the German chemical industry association (Verband der Chemischen Industrie) 
a) 
Borussia Dortmund GmbH & Co. KGaA 
 
Dr. Harald Schwager, Speyer 
Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board 
a) 
Evonik Operations GmbH (Chair) 
b) 
KSB Management SE 
 
Thomas Wessel, Recklinghausen 
Chief Human Resources Officer and Industrial Relations Director 
a) 
Evonik Operations GmbH 
Pensionskasse Degussa VVaG  
Vivawest GmbH 
Vivawest Wohnen GmbH 
b) Gesellschaft zur Sicherung von Bergmannswohnungen mbH  
 
Ute Wolf, Düsseldorf 
Chief Financial Officer 
a) 
DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA 
 
Klöckner & Co. SE  
 
Pensionskasse Degussa VVaG 
b) 
Borussia Dortmund Geschäftsführungs-GmbH  
 
a)  
Membership of other statutory supervisory boards. 
b)  
Membership of comparable German and foreign supervisory bodies of business enterprises pursuant to section 125 
paragraph 1 Sentence 5 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
The members of the Executive Board may be reached at Evonik’s business address at Rellinghauser 
Straße 1-11, 45128 Essen, Germany, (Tel. +49 (0) 201-177-01).

--- Page 31 ---
25 
 
 
 
Supervisory Board 
In accordance with Evonik’s articles of association and Sections 95 and 96 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), the Supervisory Board consists of 20 members (ten shareholder 
representatives and ten employee representatives). Given the number of employees employed by 
Evonik Group, Evonik is subject to statutory co-determination law. Therefore, the employee 
representatives are elected in accordance with the German Company Co-Determination Act 
(Mitbestimmungsgesetz). The shareholder representatives are elected by the shareholders at the 
general shareholders’ meeting.  
Members of Evonik’s Supervisory Board 
The table below lists the current members of Evonik’s Supervisory Board: 
Bernd Tönjes, Marl 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board  
Chairman of the Executive Board of RAG-Stiftung  
a) 
RAG Aktiengesellschaft (Chair)  
 
RSBG SE (Chair)  
b) 
DEKRA e.V. 
Karin Erhard, Hanover 
Deputy Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board  
Member of the Central Board of Executive Directors of the German Mining, Chemical and Energy 
Industrial Union (IG BCE) 
a) 
50Hertz Transmission GmbH 
Martin Albers, Dorsten 
Chairman of the Group Works Council of Evonik Industries AG 
Chairman of the Works Council of the jointly operated Essen campus 
b) 
RAG-Stiftung 
 
Prof. Dr. Barbara Albert, Darmstadt 
Professor of Solid State Chemistry at the Eduard-Zintl Institute of Inorganic and 
Physical Chemistry of the Technical University of Darmstadt 
a) 
Schunk GmbH 
 
Jens Barnhusen, Bottrop  
Deputy Chairman of the Works Council for Evonik’s Goldschmidtstraße facilities 
 
a) 
Pensionskasse Degussa VVaG

--- Page 32 ---
26 
 
 
 
Prof. Dr. Aldo Belloni, Eurasburg 
Former Chairman of the Executive Board of Linde Aktiengesellschaft 
 
b) 
TÜV Süd e.V. (Chair) 
Birgit Biermann, Bochum 
District Manager Dortmund-Hagen of the German Mining, Chemical and Energy Industrial Union (IG 
BCE) 
 
b) 
DMT-Gesellschaft für Lehre und Bildung mbH 
 
 
Prof. Dr. Barbara Grunewald, Bonn 
Emeritus professor for Civil Law and Commercial Law at the University of Cologne 
 
Martin Kubessa, Velbert 
Member of the Works Council for Evonik’s Marl facilities 
 
Frank Löllgen, Cologne 
Regional Director North Rhine of the German Mining, Chemical and Energy Industrial Union (IG BCE) 
a) 
Bayer AG 
 
Dr. Siegfried Luther, Gütersloh 
Former Chief Financial Officer of Bertelsmann AG (now Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA) 
a)  
Sparkasse Gütersloh-Rietberg 
 
Hussin El Moussaoui, Brachttal Schlierbach 
 
Deputy Chairman of the Group Works Council of Evonik Industries AG 
Deputy Chairman of the Works Council of the jointly operated Hanau site 
 
Martina Reisch, Rheinfelden 
 
Chairwoman of the Works Council of the jointly operated Rheinfelden site 
 
Michael Rüdiger, Utting am Ammersee 
Former Chairman of the Executive Board of DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale 
a) BlackRock Asset Management Deutschland AG (Chair) 
 
Deutsche Börse AG

--- Page 33 ---
27 
 
 
 
Dr. Thomas Sauer, Bad Homburg 
Chairman of the Executive Staff Council of the Evonik Group 
 
Peter Spuhler, Weiningen, Switzerland 
Interim Group CEO of Stadler Rail AG and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Stadler Rail AG, 
Bussnang (Switzerland) 
Chairman of PCS Holding AG, Frauenfeld (Switzerland) 
a) 
Robert Bosch GmbH, Stuttgart  
b) 
Aebi Schmidt Holding AG, Frauenfeld (Switzerland) (Chair) 
 
AngelStar S.r.l., Mola di Bari (Italy) 
 
Allreal Holding AG, Zug (Switzerland) 
 
Autoneum Holding AG, Winterthur (Switzerland) 
 
Chesa Sül Spelm AG, Frauenfeld (Switzerland) 
 
DSH Holding AG, Warth-Weiningen (Switzerland) 
 
European Loc Pool AG, Frauenfeld (Switzerland) 
Rieter Holding AG, Winterthur (Switzerland)  
Stadler CIS AG, Bussnang (Switzerland) (Chair) 
Stadler Minsk CJSC, Minsk (Belarus) (Chair) 
Stadler Pankow GmbH, Berlin (Chair) 
Stadler Trains Magyarország Kft., Budapest (Hungary) 
Stadler US Inc., Westfield (USA) 
ZLE Betriebs AG, Zurich (Switzerland) 
 
Anke Strüber-Hummelt, Marl 
Deputy Chairwoman of the Group Works Council of Evonik Industries AG 
Chairwoman of the Group Works Council for Evonik’s Marl facilities 
 
Angela Titzrath, Hamburg 
Chairwoman of the Executive Board of Hamburger Hafen und Logistik Aktiengesellschaft 
a) 
Deutsche Lufthansa AG  
 
Talanx AG

--- Page 34 ---
28 
 
 
 
Dr. Volker Trautz, Munich 
Former Chairman of the Executive Board of LyondellBasell Industries 
a) 
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG 
b) 
CERONA Companhia de Energia Renovável 
 
São Paulo (Brazil) 
 
Ulrich Weber, Krefeld 
Former member of the Executive Board, Human Resources & Law of Deutsche Bahn AG 
a) 
HDI Global SE 
 
ias Aktiengesellschaft 
b) 
ias Stiftung 
 
a)  
Membership of other statutory supervisory boards. 
b)  
Membership of comparable German and foreign supervisory bodies of business enterprises pursuant to section 125 
paragraph 1 Sentence 5 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
 
The members of the Supervisory Board may be reached at Evonik’s business address at 
Rellinghauser Straße 1-11, 45128 Essen, Germany, (Tel. +49 (0) 201-177-01). 
Supervisory Board Committees 
The Supervisory Board has established the following committees: the “Mediation Committee”, the 
“Executive Committee”, the “Finance and Investment Committee”, the “Audit Committee”, the 
“Innovation and Research Committee” and the “Nomination Committee”. Other committees may be 
formed. 
Employees  
At year-end 2020, Evonik Group had 33,106 employees, being 683 more than at year-end 2019, 
mainly as a result of the acquisitions of PeroxyChem and Porocel.

--- Page 35 ---
29 
 
 
 
Rating 
The following table shows the credit ratings of Evonik as of the date of the Base Prospectus: 
Rating Agency 
Rating 
Outlook 
Explanation of the credit ratings 
Moody’s 
Deutschland 
GmbH, 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Germany 
(“Moody’s”) 
Baa1 
Negative 
Pursuant to Moody’s rating definitions, the 
assigned credit rating of Evonik means that the 
“obligations rated Baa are judged to be 
medium-grade and subject to moderate credit 
risk and as such may possess certain 
speculative characteristics”. The modifier “1” 
indicates that Evonik is in the higher end of its 
rating 
category 
and 
“outlook 
negative” 
indicates the likely direction of the rating over 
the medium term. 
Standard & Poor’s Credit 
Market Services Europe 
Limited 
(Niederlassung 
Deutschland) (“Standard 
& Poor’s”) 
BBB+ 
Stable 
Pursuant 
to 
Standard 
& 
Poor’s 
rating 
definitions, the assigned credit rating of Evonik 
means that Evonik as the obligor “has 
adequate capacity to 
meet its financial 
commitments. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are 
more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of 
the obligor to meet its financial commitments”. 
Whereas, the “+” indicates the highest relative 
standing in that rating category and “stable 
outlook” indicates that it is likely for the credit 
rating to remain unchanged in the coming 6 to 
24 months. 
 
Each of these rating agencies has a registered seat in the European Union and has been declared to 
be registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of September 16, 2009 on rating agencies by the ESMA (source: ESMA, Press release of 
October 31, 
2011, 
ESMA, 
List 
of 
registered 
and 
Certified 
Credit 
Rating 
Agencies, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). 
Moody's appends long-term obligation ratings at the following levels: Aaa, Aa, A, Baa, Ba, B, Caa, Ca 
and C. To each generic rating category from Aa to Caa Moody's assigns the numerical modifiers “1”, 
“2” and “3”. The modifier “1” indicates that the rated company is in the higher end of its letter-rating 
category, the modifier “2” indicates a mid-range ranking and the modifier “3” indicates that the rated 
company is in the lower end of its letter-rating category. Moody's short-term ratings are opinions of the 
ability of the Issuer to honour short-term financial obligations and range from P-1, P-2, P-3 down to 
NP. 
Standard & Poor’s assigns long-term credit ratings on a scale from AAA to D. The ratings from AA to 
CCC may be modified by the addition of a “+” or “-” to show the relative standing within the major 
rating categories. Standard & Poor’s may also offer guidance (termed a “credit watch”) as to whether 
a rating is likely to be upgraded (positive), downgraded (negative) or uncertain (neutral). Standard & 
Poor’s assigns short-term credit ratings for specific issues on a scale from A-1, A-2, A-3, B, C down to 
D. Within the A-1 category the rating can be designated with a “+”.

--- Page 36 ---
30 
 
 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW – PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND PRINCIPAL MARKETS 
Overview 
Evonik Group is a globally leading specialty chemicals company. Its strengths include the balanced 
spectrum of Evonik Group’s business activities, end-markets, and regions. Around 80 per cent. of 
sales come from market-leading positions, which Evonik is systematically expanding. Evonik defines 
market-leading positions as ranking first, second or third in the relevant markets based on internal 
analyses based on 2019. Evonik Group’s strong competitive position is based on close collaboration 
with customers, high innovative capability, and integrated technology platforms. Evonik Group has a 
presence in more than 100 countries, and 83 per cent. of sales are generated outside Germany.  
Effective since 1 July 2020, Evonik introduced a new corporate structure. The specialty chemicals 
operations are divided into four chemical manufacturing divisions, which operate close to their 
markets and customers. The new chemicals divisions — (i) Specialty Additives, (ii) Nutrition & Care, 
(iii) Smart Materials, and (iv) Performance Materials — are more balanced in terms of size and 
profitability. Moreover, clearer alignment to the technology platforms allows more selective 
management. They are supported by services operations.  
The following diagram provides a simplified overview of the structure of Evonik Group as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus:  
 
 
 
Evonik 
 
 
Specialty 
Additives 
 
 
Nutrition  
& Care 
 
Smart  
Materials 
 
Performance 
Materials 
 
 
Services 
 
A broad spectrum of 
additives and 
crosslinkers and 
formulating expertise 
that make the key 
difference for 
customers in growth 
markets such as 
coatings, mobility, 
infrastructure, and 
customer goods.  
 
Sustainable solutions 
for basic human 
needs for resilient 
end-markets such as 
pharmaceuticals, 
personal care, and 
animal nutrition.  
 
 
Innovative materials 
that enable resource-
efficient solutions and 
replace conventional 
materials. They are 
the smart answer to 
the major challenges 
of our time: the 
environment, 
urbanization, energy 
efficiency, mobility, 
and health. 
 
 
Efficient technology 
platforms for the 
production of high-
volume intermediates 
for mobility and the 
plastics and rubber 
industries as well as 
superabsorbents for 
consumer 
applications. 
 
Site services and 
group-wide 
administrative, 
operational, and 
technical services. 
 
The Specialty Additives, Nutrition & Care, and Smart Materials divisions operate principally in 
attractive markets with above-average growth rates. These three divisions offer customers 
customised, innovation-driven solutions and the aim is for them to achieve above-average, profitable 
growth through innovations, investments, and acquisitions. 
 
The Performance Materials division is characterised by processes that make intensive use of energy 
and raw materials. It therefore concentrates on integrated, cost-optimised technology platforms, 
efficient workflows, and economies of scale. Evonik’s strategic goal for this division is to contribute its 
earnings to finance the growth of the Evonik Group. Investments and, where appropriate, alliances 
concentrate on securing Evonik’s market positions.

--- Page 37 ---
31 
 
 
 
Strategy and Business Model  
Evonik’s aim is to be the leading specialty chemicals company. This global aspiration is closely linked 
to Evonik’s goal of profitable growth. To increase the value of Evonik, its strategy has three focal 
areas: 
 
A more balanced and more specialty portfolio 
 
Leading in innovation 
 
An open and performance-oriented culture 
Evonik’s goal is to step up its focus on businesses with clear specialty chemicals characteristics. To 
ensure an even better balance within its portfolio and to grow where Evonik is strong but there are 
especially promising prospects, Evonik’s strategy concentrates on its three growth divisions: Specialty 
Additives, Nutrition & Care, and Smart Materials. The focus is on high-quality products and solutions, 
many of which also offer specific sustainability benefits. An important contribution to manage and 
drive forward Evonik`s business comes from the sustainability analysis of its business, which 
integrates measurable sustainability impacts into the strategic management process.  
Evonik allocates its resources carefully to drive forward the development of new and already existing 
products and solutions and for investments and acquisitions, predominantly in its growth divisions. 
The divisions focus on different markets, but they are aligned consistently to deliver innovative 
solutions to the industry and end-customers in the future.  
Evonik is constantly reviewing investment and acquisition opportunities that especially support its 
specialty chemicals business within its growth divisions Specialty Additives, Nutrition & Care and 
Smart Materials. Evonik is considering bolt-on acquisitions as well as technology add-ons, although 
transformational acquisitions are not ruled out. The financing of internal and external growth is 
expected to be generated from, inter alia, future cash flows, current liquidity, issuance of notes, 
existing or future lines of credit or comparable types of financing. In addition, equity financings or 
other financing measures with an equity element might be considered depending on the size of 
potential M&A transactions. 
Evonik`s innovation strength is important to generate profitable growth as it leverages the 
development of new products and applications. Evonik’s focus is to work with customers and partners 
along the whole value chain. Evonik has defined six innovation growth fields that target highly 
attractive new markets where Evonik can effectively deploy its core competencies.  
The third element is a performance-oriented culture based on Evonik’s corporate values: 
performance, trust, openness, and speed.  
Evonik’s strategic agenda is complemented by six financial targets: 
 
volume growth in the growth divisions over the cycle above 3 per cent. per year; 
 
the adjusted EBITDA margin between 18 – 20 per cent. at Evonik Group level; 
 
a return on capital (ROCE) of at least 11 per cent.; 
 
a free cash flow: cash conversion rate1 above 40 per cent.; 
 
a solid investment grade rating; and 
 
an attractive and reliable dividend. 
Evonik Group has production facilities in 27 countries on six continents. The largest production sites, 
for example, Marl, Wesseling and Rheinfelden (Germany), Antwerp (Belgium), Mobile (Alabama, 
USA), Shanghai (China), and Singapore, have integrated technology platforms used by various units. 
Evonik Group’s products are manufactured using highly developed technologies that it is constantly 
refining. Evonik Group has many integrated production complexes where key precursors are 
                                                     
1 Ratio of free cash flow to adjusted EBITDA

--- Page 38 ---
32 
 
 
 
produced in neighboring production facilities. Accordingly, Evonik Group can offer to its customers 
maximum reliability of supply. Integrated world-scale production facilities combined with 
technologically demanding production processes act as high entry barriers. 
Evonik’s specialty chemicals products make a material contribution to the benefits of its customers' 
products. Close cooperation with customers enables Evonik to build a thorough understanding of their 
business, so that Evonik can offer products tailored to their specifications and extensive technical 
service. Evonik Group’s technology centers and customer competence centers are important in this 
process around the world.  
Most of Evonik Group’s customers are industrial companies that use Evonik’s products for further 
processing. The range of markets in which they operate is diverse and balanced. None of these end-
markets accounts for more than 20 per cent. of Evonik’s sales. 
Market-oriented research and development are key drivers of profitable growth for Evonik. This is 
based on Evonik Group’s strong innovation culture, which is rooted in its innovation management and 
management development. Evonik aims to recognise new developments rapidly, drives them forward, 
and implements them with Evonik Group’s customers.  
As preconditions for Evonik Group’s future viability, sustainable business activities and responsible 
conduct are cornerstones of its business model. Evonik Group drives forward its sustainability 
activities along the value chain in intensive dialogue with its stakeholders. Next to its own production 
processes and the products marketed, Evonik Group considers the supply chain and the product 
benefits for its customers and their customers. Evonik Group has observed rising demand for 
products that demonstrate a good balance of economic, ecological, and social factors. That opens up 
a broad spectrum of future-oriented business opportunities for Evonik Group in attractive markets. 
Evonik adopted a new “Sustainability Strategy 2020+”. Key elements are integrating sustainability into 
strategic management processes, carbon pricing for all investments, and ambitious targets for the 
reduction of CO2 emissions and the introduction of global water management. 
Evonik Group’s specialty chemicals business is organised into four chemical manufacturing divisions, 
each of which consists of several business lines and supported by service activities.  
The Specialty Additives division comprises the business with high-performance additives, based on 
an broad range of organically modified silicones and versatile crosslinkers. An important part of this 
business comprises ingredients, specialty additives, and system solutions for high-quality consumer 
goods and specialized industrial applications. Among other things, these products help make coatings 
tougher and more sustainable and improve automotive and industrial lubricants. Specialty additives 
has a broad knowledge of interfacial chemistry for industrial applications and, above all, formulation 
expertise for customer-specific applications that improve the performance of products for the coatings, 
mobility, infrastructure, and consumer goods markets. This division's products therefore make sure 
that end-products are better quality, more durable, and use less energy. 
The Nutrition & Care division produces specialty chemicals, principally for use in consumer goods 
for daily needs, and in animal nutrition and healthcare products. Nutrition & Care has good knowledge 
of interfacial chemistry for consumer goods. Its products are based on an extensive range of 
oleochemical derivatives and active ingredients produced by biotechnology. The Nutrition & Care 
division also produces and markets essential amino acids and probiotics for animal nutrition. 
Alongside high technological competence and integrated technology platforms. Competence in 
sustainable solutions for animal nutrition, a global distribution network, and an broad range of 
differentiated products and services drive the growth of this segment. Nutrition & Care is a strategic 
partner for the healthcare industry, focusing on the synthesis of active ingredients and controlled 
release of active ingredients for modern drugs. 
The Smart Materials division includes business with innovative materials that enable resource-
saving solutions and replace conventional materials. Its products are continuously developed and 
adapted to the needs of its customers. This division’s strong technology platforms pave the way for 
greater resource efficiency and sustainability: inorganic materials with superior properties such as 
silica, silanes, peroxides, specialty catalysts, high-tech polymers such as polyamide 12, polyimide, 
specialty polybutadienes and polyester, and the compounds, composites and membranes based on 
them. The Smart Materials division plays a part in helping people lead a good and sustainable life.

--- Page 39 ---
33 
 
 
 
With its unique combination of innovative capability, responsibility and proximity to customers, this 
division empowers its customers and partners to choose sustainable and smart new routes.  
The Performance Materials division produces polymer materials and intermediates, mainly for the 
automotive, rubber, and plastics industries. Performance Materials aspires to be a leading supplier. Its 
strengths are its product properties, integrated structures, experience, and expertise. This applies to 
its integrated C4 production facilities, superabsorbents, and alkoxides, which are used, among other 
things, in the production of biodiesel. 
The Services division provides site management, utilities, waste management, technical, process 
technology, engineering, and logistics services for the chemicals divisions and external customers at 
Evonik's sites. This segment also supports the chemicals divisions and the corporate center by 
providing standardized group-wide business services, for example, in the areas of IT, human 
resources, accounting, and legal services. 
Research and Development  
Evonik’s vision is to be the leading specialty chemicals company. Its research and development 
activities have been reorganised so that its innovations make a strong contribution to the profitable 
growth of the Evonik Group. Evonik’s new, group-wide research, development, and innovation unit 
brings together all cross-business competencies and technologies. This enables Evonik to share 
knowledge more easily, leverage synergies, and at the same time target attractive, new markets that 
are close to its customers.  
Evonik’s four manufacturing chemical divisions account for 85 per cent. of its R&D expenses. Their 
activities include, first and foremost, research geared specifically to their core technologies and 
markets and the development of new business. An above-average proportion of R&D funding is 
allocated to its growth divisions, Specialty Additives, Nutrition & Care, and Smart Materials. The 
Performance Materials division focuses on optimizing products and processes. 
Evonik Group has spent more than € 400 million on research and development in each of the past 
few years, spread over hundreds of individual projects. Its R&D activities are aligned to six innovation 
growth fields:  
 
Sustainable Nutrition: Establishing additional products and services for sustainable nutrition of 
livestock and people; 
 
Healthcare Solutions: Developing new materials for implants, as components of cell culture 
media, and for custom-tailored, innovative drug formulations; 
 
Advanced Food Ingredients: Creating a portfolio of health-enhancing substances and 
nutritional supplements as a contribution to healthy nutrition; 
 
Membranes: Extending SEPURAN® technology for efficient gas separation to further 
applications; 
 
Cosmetic Solutions: Developing further products based on natural sources for cosmetics and 
sensorially optimised formulations for skin care products; and 
 
Additive Manufacturing: Developing products and technologies for additive manufacturing 
Evonik aims to generate additional sales of over €1 billion with these innovation growth fields by 2025 
with products introduced in or after 2015. 
Creavis concentrates on mid- and long-term projects that support Evonik's growth and sustainability 
strategy and provide access to new business options. In addition, it identifies future-oriented topics 
and acts as an internal incubator. Evonik also obtains access to innovative technologies and new 
business options through its corporate venture capital fund in total volume up to €250 million. Evonik 
Group invests specifically in specialised technology funds and start-ups of strategic relevance to 
Evonik. This is within Evonik’s strategic approach to gain insights into innovative developments at a 
very early stage. More than 30 investments have been made since 2012.

--- Page 40 ---
34 
 
 
 
Material Agreements  
Evonik did not enter into any contracts outside the ordinary course of business that are material to its 
ability to meet its obligations to the Holders in respect of the Notes.  
Major Shareholders  
Shares in Evonik Industries AG are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the stock 
exchanges in Frankfurt am Main since 24 April 2013. Trading started on the following day.  
Evonik’s current direct major shareholder is RAG-Stiftung, Essen, Germany (approximately 
58 per cent.).  
RAG-Stiftung has expressed its intention to reduce further its stake in Evonik but to maintain, over the 
long term, a stake of at least 25.1 per cent. in Evonik, guaranteeing its influence in structural 
decisions. According to its statutes, RAG-Stiftung is required to pursue certain objectives related to 
the public interest, in particular the funding of the long-term liabilities arising from the winding-down of 
coal-mining activities (Ewigkeitslasten) in Germany. Future disposals of shares in Evonik by RAG-
Stiftung will be evaluated by RAG-Stiftung with a view to the fulfilment of RAG-Stiftung’s purpose 
(Stiftungszweck) and its liquidity situation. Therefore, RAG-Stiftung may stay invested in Evonik with a 
stake higher than 25.1 per cent. for a considerable period of time. In any event, RAG-Stiftung’s future 
stake in Evonik would allow RAG-Stiftung’s to retain the ability to block certain measures that require 
a majority of more than 75 per cent. of Evonik’s share capital or votes at the general shareholders’ 
meeting. 
A control agreement between RAG-Stiftung and Evonik does not exist. Even through the fact that the 
Chairman of Evonik`s Supervisory Board is simultaneously the Chairman of the Executive Board of 
RAG-Stiftung an abuse of this control is scarcely possible. According to the internal rules of procedure 
(Geschäftsordnung) of Evonik’s Supervisory Board, the board is exclusively obliged to act in 
accordance with statutory provisions, Evonik’s articles of association and complementary resolutions 
of the board, and, therefore, for the benefit and in the interest of Evonik. 
Except RAG-Stiftung there are no other persons that have major holdings within the meaning of 
Article 8 or Article 9 of the Luxembourg law of 11 January 2008 on transparency requirements for 
issuer of securities, as amended. 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Evonik has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Evonik is aware) during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the financial position or profitability of Evonik or companies of Evonik Group.  
However, Evonik or companies of Evonik Group are, from time to time, party to, or may be threatened 
with, litigation, claims or assessments arising in the ordinary course of its or their business. Evonik 
Group regularly analyses current information, including defences and insurance coverage, and 
recognises provisions for probable liabilities in connection with the eventual resolution of these 
matters as it deems necessary. The outcome of litigation and other legal disputes is difficult to 
accurately predict, and outcomes that are not consistent with Evonik Group’s assessment of the 
merits can occur. Often, these proceedings are subject to foreign law and brought before foreign 
courts. Evonik believes that it has valid defences with respect to the legal matters pending against it 
and/or companies of Evonik Group, as applicable. They are defending their positions in these matters 
as appropriate. Nevertheless, it is possible that the outcome of one or more of the legal matters 
currently pending or threatened could have a material adverse effect on Evonik’s and/or Evonik 
Group’s business, net assets, financial condition and results of operations. 
Trend Information and Significant Changes 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of Evonik Group since 
31 December 2020 to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
There have been no significant changes in the financial position of Evonik Group since 31 December 
2020.

--- Page 41 ---
35 
 
 
 
Issue Procedures 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each 
particular Tranche of Notes (the “Conditions”). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set 
of Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth below (the “Terms and Conditions”) as further 
specified by the Final Terms (the “Final Terms”) as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final 
Terms provide for the Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
– 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; 
– 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates; 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following 
ways: 
– 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine 
which of the Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, 
respectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant 
provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and 
completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, 
which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes are publicly 
offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors. 
– 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the 
respective further options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the 
individual issue by referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the 
provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the 
Base Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note 
representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual 
issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain 
further options (characterised by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by square 
brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating 
the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective 
sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus. If the Final 
Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is 
not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of

--- Page 42 ---
36 
 
 
 
Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if 
such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be 
deleted from the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
– 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of 
Germany, or (ii) initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the 
Federal Republic of Germany, German will be the controlling language.  
– 
In other cases the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 43 ---
37 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) are set forth below for three 
options: 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest 
rates. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with floating 
interest rates. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterised accordingly by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out in square brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
In the Final Terms, the Issuer will determine whether Option I or Option II including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, either 
by replicating the relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not have knowledge of 
certain items which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Base Prospectus contains 
placeholders set out in square brackets which include the relevant items that will be completed by the 
Final Terms. 
[In the case the Final Terms applicable to an individual issue only refer to the further options 
contained in the set of Terms and Conditions for Option I or Option II, the following applies: 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the terms of the 
final terms which are attached hereto (the “Final Terms”). The blanks in the provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the 
information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions; alternative or optional provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions; all provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are 
inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square 
brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give effect 
to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be obtained free of charge at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the principal office of the Issuer provided that, in the case of 
Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be 
available to Holders (as defined in § 1(5)) of such Notes.]

--- Page 44 ---
38 
 
 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This series of Notes (the “Notes”) of Evonik Industries AG (“Evonik” or 
the “Issuer”) is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the “Specified Currency”) in the aggregate 
principal amount [In the case the global note is an NGN the following applies: (subject to § 1(4)),] 
of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination of [specified denomination] (the “Specified Denomination”). 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global Note”) 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note”) without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent (as defined in § 6(1) below). Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued and 
the right of the Holders of Notes to request the issue and delivery of definitive Notes shall be 
excluded. 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global Note from a date 
40 days after the date of issue of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. Such 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner 
or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other 
than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions) as required by U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to this § 1(3)(b). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as defined in § 1(6))). 
(4) Clearing System. The global note representing the Notes will be kept in custody by or on behalf of 
the Clearing System. “Clearing System” means [If more than one Clearing System the following 
applies: each of]: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal 
Republic of Germany] [,] [and] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, (“CBL”)] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium, (“Euroclear”)] [(CBL and Euroclear each an “ICSD” and together 
the “ICSDs”)] and any successor in such capacity. 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is an NGN the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in new global note (“NGN”) form and are kept in custody by 
a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of 
such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes represented by the global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time.

--- Page 45 ---
39 
 
 
 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the global note, the Issuer shall procure that details 
of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the 
global note shall be entered accordingly in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the global note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate amount of such instalment so paid. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered accordingly in the records of the ICSDs.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a CGN the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note (“CGN”) form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. “Holder” means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes. 
(6) Defined Terms. The defined terms below shall have the following meaning: 
[“USD” means the official currency of the United States; and] 
“United States” means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded priority under 
mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
(2) Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes, as long as any Notes of the Issuer are outstanding, but 
only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest under the Notes have been placed at the 
disposal of the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, (a) not to create or permit to subsist any Security over its assets for 
any present or future Capital Markets Indebtedness including any guarantees or other assumptions of 
liability in respect thereof, and (b) to procure (to the extent legally possible and permissible) that none 
of its Material Subsidiaries creates or permits to subsist any Security over its assets for any present or 
future Capital Markets Indebtedness including any guarantees or other assumptions of liability in 
respect thereof, without at the same time or prior thereto having the Holders share equally and 
rateably in such Security or such other security as shall be approved by an independent accounting 
firm of internationally recognised standing as being equivalent security. Any security which is to be 
provided pursuant to the first sentence may also be provided to a trustee on behalf of the Holders. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions:  
“Material Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary (as defined below), provided that an entity which ceases 
to be a Subsidiary shall cease to qualify as a Material Subsidiary, whose unconsolidated total assets 
represent five (5) per cent. or more of the consolidated total assets of Evonik. 
For this purpose: 
(i)  the total assets of a Subsidiary of Evonik will be determined from its financial statements 
(unconsolidated if it has subsidiaries) upon which the latest available audited consolidated 
annual financial statements of Evonik have been based; 
(ii)  if a company becomes a member of Evonik Group after the date on which the latest available 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of Evonik have been prepared, the total assets 
of that Subsidiary will be determined from its latest annual financial statements (unconsolidated if

--- Page 46 ---
40 
 
 
 
it has subsidiaries); 
(iii)  the consolidated total assets of Evonik will be determined from the latest available audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Evonik, adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect the 
total assets of any company or business subsequently acquired or disposed of; and 
(iv)  if any Subsidiary (the “Disposing Subsidiary”) meeting the abovementioned requirements 
disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to another Subsidiary of Evonik (the “Acquiring 
Subsidiary”), the Disposing Subsidiary will immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary and 
the Acquiring Subsidiary (if it is not already) will immediately become a Material Subsidiary; the 
subsequent financial statements of those Subsidiaries and Evonik will be used to determine 
whether those Subsidiaries will continue to be (or not to be) Material Subsidiaries or not. 
If there is a dispute as to whether or not a company is a Material Subsidiary, a certificate of the 
auditors of Evonik will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive evidence. 
“Subsidiary” means at any time any enterprise which was fully consolidated in the latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of Evonik (including any enterprise which would have to be fully 
consolidated in such financial statements if at the relevant time such financial statements would be 
drawn up, but excluding any enterprise which would no longer have to be fully consolidated in such 
financial statements if at the relevant time such financial statements would be drawn up). 
“Evonik Group” means Evonik and its Subsidiaries from time to time, taken as a whole. 
“Security” means a mortgage or pledge (Grund- oder Mobiliarpfandrecht) granted on the basis of a 
contractual obligation. 
“Capital Markets Indebtedness” means any obligation of the Issuer for the repayment of borrowed 
money (i) which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other securities, 
with an original maturity of more than one year, which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed, 
dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market; or (ii) under a certificate 
of indebtedness (Schuldschein, Schuldscheindarlehen) with an initial maturity of more than one year. 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to “asset-backed financings” originated by the Issuer or its 
Material Subsidiaries, the expressions “asset” and “Capital Markets Indebtedness” as used in this § 2 
do not include assets and obligations of the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries which, at the time of 
the transaction pursuant to the requirements of applicable law and accounting principles generally 
accepted with respect to the Issuer in the Federal Republic of Germany and, respectively, with 
respect to its Material Subsidiaries in the jurisdiction they are domiciled need not, and are not, 
reflected in the balance sheet of the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries, respectively. 
(3) Scope of the Negative Pledge. § 2(2) shall not apply in relation to any Security which has been 
incurred as security for Capital Markets Indebtedness or any guarantees or other assumptions of 
liability in respect thereof, 
(a) by a person which is merged with the Issuer after the issue date of the Notes (i) where such 
Security (aa) is already in existence at the time such person is merged with the Issuer and (bb) is 
not created in contemplation of such person being merged with the Issuer and (ii) where the 
principal amount secured is not increased after such person is merged with the Issuer;  
(b) arising by operation of law (kraft Gesetzes) or which are to be granted by reason of a statutory 
claim (gesetzlicher Anspruch) pursuant to the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) or 
pursuant to the German Transformation Act (Umwandlungsgesetz) or pursuant to similar 
provisions of other jurisdictions; or 
(c) which are an encumbrance of an asset at the time when such asset is acquired by the Issuer.  
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate 
principal amount at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum from (and including) [Interest 
Commencement Date] (the “Interest Commencement Date”) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date

--- Page 47 ---
41 
 
 
 
(as defined in § 5(1)). Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Interest Payment Date(s)] in each year 
(each such date, an “Interest Payment Date”). The first payment of interest shall be made on [first 
Interest Payment Date] [If first Interest Payment Date is not first anniversary of Interest 
Commencement Date the following applies: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per 
Specified Denomination]]. [If Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment Date the following 
applies: Interest in respect of the period from (and including) [Interest Payment Date preceding the 
Maturity Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to [final broken amount per 
Specified Denomination].] 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue beyond the due date until the actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest 
established by law (§ 288 of the German Civil Code (BGB)). 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of less 
than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below). 
(4) Day Count Fraction. “Day Count Fraction” means with regard to the calculation of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (the “Calculation Period”): 
[In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA) or Act/Act (ICMA) the following applies:  
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (A) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (B) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(ii) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
For this purpose: 
“Determination Date” means each [insert date][Interest Payment Date]; and 
“Determination Period” means each period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months (unless, (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a 
month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day 
month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February in which 
case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period).] 
[In the case of Actual/Actual 365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) or A/365F and in the 
case of Notes denominated in Renminbi the following applies: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365.]

--- Page 48 ---
42 
 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System. 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
§ 4(2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System, upon due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b). 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency [In the case of Notes 
denominated in Renminbi the following applies: or in USD Equivalent (as defined in § 4(7) below) 
as required by the Terms and Conditions by credit]. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next such day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, “Payment Business Day” means any day which is 
[In the case of Notes not denominated in EUR and not denominated in Renminbi the following 
applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which both (i) the Clearing System and 
(ii) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial 
centre(s)][.][and]] 
[In the case of Notes denominated in Renminbi the following applies: a day (other than a 
Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which both (i) the Clearing System and (ii) the commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation and 
on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are open for business and settlement of Renminbi 
payments [.][and]]  
[In the case the Clearing System and TARGET shall be open the following applies: a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which both (i) the Clearing System and (ii) the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer system 2 (“TARGET”) are open to effect 
payments]. 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the 
Notes; the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; [If redeemable at the option of the Issuer at 
specified Call Redemption Amounts the following applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] [If redeemable at the option of the Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] [If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a transaction related event, the following applies: the Trigger Call 
Redemption Amount;] and any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, principal or interest not claimed by Holders within 
twelve months after its respective due date, even though such Holders may not be in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is 
waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
[In the case of Notes denominated in Renminbi the following applies: (7) Payments on Notes 
denominated in Renminbi. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of principal or interest in respect

--- Page 49 ---
43 
 
 
 
of the Notes when due in Renminbi in Hong Kong, the Issuer may settle any such payment in USD on 
the respective due date at the USD Equivalent of any such Renminbi amount. Upon the determination 
that a condition of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity prevails, the Issuer shall by no later 
than 10.00 am (Hong Kong time) two Business Days prior to the Rate Determination Date notify the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Clearing System. The Issuer shall, in addition, give notice 
of the determination to the Holders in accordance with § 13 as soon as reasonably practicable. The 
receipt of such notice is not a requirement for payments in USD. 
In such event, any payment of USD will be made by transfer to a USD denominated account 
maintained by the payee with, or by a USD denominated cheque drawn on, or, at the option of the 
relevant Holder, by transfer to a USD account maintained by the relevant Holder with, a bank in New 
York City, United States, and the definition of “Payment Business Day” for the purpose of § 4(4) 
shall mean any day on which (i) the Clearing System and (ii) the banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in the relevant place of presentation, London and New York City, 
United States.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
“Calculation Agent” means [insert name of Calculation Agent]. 
“Rate Determination Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in [relevant 
financial centre(s)]. 
“Rate Determination Date” means the day which is five Rate Determination Business Days before 
the due date for payment of the relevant amount under these Terms and Conditions. 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
(private or public) entity (including the central bank) charged with the regulation of the financial 
markets of Hong Kong. 
“Hong Kong” means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC. 
“Illiquidity” means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result 
of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay interest or 
principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into Renminbi in the general Renminbi exchange 
market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the issue date of the Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
transfer Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong and outside the PRC or from an account outside Hong Kong and outside 
the PRC to an account inside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the issue date of the Notes and it is impossible for 
the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China, whereas for the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions, the term PRC shall exclude Hong Kong, the Special Administrative Region of Macao of 
the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan. 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in 
the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong.

--- Page 50 ---
44 
 
 
 
“Spot Rate” means the arithmetic mean of the offer and the bid US Dollar/RMB spot exchange rate 
for the purchase of US Dollars with RMB in the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong 
for settlement in two Rate Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or 
around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Determination Date, (i) on a deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3 under the column USD/CNH, or (ii) if no such rates 
are available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. (iii) If 
neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on the Rate Determination Date as the most recently available US Dollar/RMB 
official fixing rate for settlement in two Rate Determination Business Days reported by The State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China, which is reported on the 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rate Service (or any successor service) or such 
other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange 
rate. 
If neither of the rates mentioned under (i) to (iii) above is available, the Issuer shall determine the Spot 
Rate in its equitable discretion and in a commercial reasonable manner having taken into account 
relevant market practice. 
“USD Equivalent” of a Renminbi amount means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into USD 
using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Determination Date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Determination Date and promptly notified to 
the Issuer and the Paying Agent. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 4(7) by the Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer 
and all Holders.] 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, 
the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the “Maturity 
Date”). The “Final Redemption Amount” in respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment 
or change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, 
the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 below) on the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of 
reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at 
the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below). 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis 
for the right of the Issuer so to redeem.

--- Page 51 ---
45 
 
 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control the following 
applies:  
(3) Change of Control. If a Change of Control occurs and within the Change of Control Period a 
Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs (together, a “Put Event”), each Holder 
will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer 
gives notice to redeem the Notes in accordance with § 5(2)) to require the Issuer to redeem the Notes 
of such Holder at their principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date on the Optional Redemption Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a “Put Event Notice”) to the Holders in accordance with § 13 specifying the nature of the Put Event 
and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option set out in this 
§ 5(3). 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed option exercise notice in text form (“Exercise 
Notice”) in the form available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, which Exercise Notice must 
be received by the Fiscal Agent (Zugang) within the period of 45 days after the Put Event Notice is 
published (the “Put Period”). No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn without the prior 
consent of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of such option: 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within 
the Change of Control Period all ratings previously assigned to Evonik or the Notes by Rating 
Agencies are (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed from an existing investment grade rating (BBB- by 
S&P/Baa3 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating 
(BB+ by S&P/Ba1 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or worse); 
a “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if any person (other than RAG-Stiftung, 
Essen, Germany or a (direct or indirect) Subsidiary of RAG-Stiftung) or Persons Acting in Concert 
directly or indirectly acquire more than fifty (50) per cent. of the voting shares of Evonik; 
“Change of Control Period” means the period starting with the occurrence of the Change of Control 
and ending 90 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control;  
“Persons Acting in Concert” means persons acting in concert within the meaning of § 30(2) of the 
German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapierübernahmegesetz) provided that if RAG-
Stiftung, Essen, Germany and/or a (direct or indirect) Subsidiary of RAG-Stiftung (together, the “RAG-
Stiftung Entities”) act in concert with any other person(s), the RAG-Stiftung Entities and the other 
person(s) are not considered to be persons acting in concert if the RAG-Stiftung Entities jointly hold 
more voting shares in Evonik than (in aggregate) all other persons acting in concert with them; 
“Rating Agency” means each of the rating agencies of Standard and Poor's Rating Services, a 
division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (“S&P”) and Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) 
or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing 
specified from time to time by Evonik; 
the “Optional Redemption Date” is the fifteenth day after the last day of the Put Period; and 
a “Subsidiary of RAG-Stiftung” means a company 
(a) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by RAG-Stiftung, Essen, Germany within the 
meaning of § 17 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz); 
(b) 
of which by RAG-Stiftung, Essen, Germany owns directly or indirectly more than half of the 
issued share capital and/or voting rights; or

--- Page 52 ---
46 
 
 
 
(c) 
which is a subsidiary within the meaning of subparagraph (a) or subparagraph (b) above of 
another Subsidiary of RAG-Stiftung.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at specified Call 
Redemption Amounts the following applies:  
[(3)][(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes on the Call Redemption Date(s) or at any time thereafter until the respective subsequent 
Call Redemption Date at the respective Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the respective redemption date. 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[Call Redemption Date[(s)]] 
[____________________________] 
[____________________________] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[Call Redemption Amount[(s)]] 
[____________________________] 
[____________________________] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under 
§ 5[(4)][(5)][(6)].] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 13. Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) whether such series of Notes is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days after 
the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; and 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of Notes 
in NGN form the following applies: Such partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of 
CBL and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the 
discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early Redemption 
Amount the following applies:  
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), at any time redeem all or some 
only of the Notes on such dates specified by it (each a “Call Redemption Date”) at the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies:  
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under 
§ 5[(4)][(5)][(6)].] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 13. Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) whether such series of Notes is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; and

--- Page 53 ---
47 
 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days after 
the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of 
Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial redemption shall be reflected in the 
records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies:  
[(3)][(4)][(5)][(6)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date. 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
[Put Redemption Date[(s)]] 
[__________________________] 
[__________________________] 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[Put Redemption Amount[(s)]] 
[__________________________] 
[__________________________] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days 
before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be made as specified in 
the Put Notice (as defined below), submit to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent an early 
redemption notice in text form (“Put Notice”). In the event that the Put Notice is received after 
5.00 p.m. Frankfurt am Main time on the 30th Payment Business Day before the Put Redemption 
Date, the option shall not have been validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised and (ii) the securities 
identification numbers of such Notes, if any. The Put Notice may be in the form available from the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in the German and English language and includes further 
information. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be 
required to redeem Notes in respect of which such option is exercised against delivery of such 
Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of 
Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount, the following applies: 
([●]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal 
Amount. 
If [75][insert other percentage rate] per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding have been redeemed or purchased by Evonik or any other member of Evonik Group, the 
Issuer may at any time upon not less than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13, to the Holders redeem, at its option, the 
remaining Notes (except for any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note under § 5(3)) in whole but not in part, at their 
principal amount plus interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence 
of a transaction related event, the following applies:  
 
[()] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a transaction related 
event. 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon giving a Transaction Trigger Notice in accordance with the requirements 
set out below and in accordance with paragraph (b), call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole or in part) with effect on the Trigger Call Redemption Date. If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem each Note to be redeemed at the 
Transaction Trigger Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the

--- Page 54 ---
48 
 
 
 
Trigger Call Redemption Date on the Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
 
“Transaction” means [insert description of envisaged transaction for which the Notes are 
intended to be issued for refinancing purposes]. 
 
“Transaction Notice Period” means the period from [insert issue date] to [insert end of 
period date]. 
 
“Transaction Trigger Notice” means a notice to the Holders given in accordance with 
paragraph (b) and § 13 within the Transaction Notice Period that the Transaction has been 
terminated prior to its completion or that the Transaction will not be settled for any reason 
whatsoever or that Evonik has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction. The Transaction Trigger Notice shall also specify the Trigger Redemption Date.  
 
At any time the Issuer may waive its right to call the Notes for redemption following the 
occurrence of one of the events detailed above, by giving notice in accordance with § 13.  
 
“Trigger Call Redemption Amount” per Note means [●] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination.  
 
“Trigger Call Redemption Date” means the redemption date specified in the Transaction 
Trigger Notice which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days after the date of the 
Transaction Trigger Notice. 
 
(b) 
The Issuer shall call the Notes for early redemption pursuant to paragraph (a) by publishing a 
notice to the Holders in accordance with § 13 which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify: 
 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption;  
 
(ii) 
whether the Notes will be redeemed in whole or in part and, if only in part, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed;  
 
(iii) 
the Trigger Call Redemption Date; and  
 
(iv) 
the Trigger Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed.  
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System.  
 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial redemption shall be 
reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear either as a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate 
principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
([●]) Early Redemption Amount.  
[(a)] For purposes of § 5(2), the Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall be its Final Redemption 
Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early Redemption 
Amount the following applies:  
(b) For purposes of § 5[(3)][(4)][(5)], the Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall be the higher of (i) 
its Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
respective Call Redemption Date and (ii) the Present Value. The “Present Value” will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by discounting the sum of the principal amount of a Note and 
the remaining interest payments to [Maturity Date] on an annual basis, assuming a 365-day year 
or a 366-day year, as the case may be, and the actual number of days elapsed in such year and 
using the Comparable Benchmark Yield plus [percentage] per cent. “Comparable Benchmark 
Yield” means the yield at the Redemption Calculation Date on the corresponding [Euro 
denominated benchmark debt security of the Federal Republic of Germany] [UK government

--- Page 55 ---
49 
 
 
 
Sterling denominated benchmark debt security issued by H.M. Treasury] [Swiss franc 
denominated benchmark federal bond of the Swiss Confederation] [USD denominated 
benchmark U.S. Treasury debt security], as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term 
of the Note to [Maturity Date], that would be used at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to [Maturity Date].  
“Redemption Calculation Date” means the third Payment Business Day prior to the Call Redemption 
Date.] 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT[,][AND] THE PAYING AGENT 
[AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent (the “Fiscal Agent”)[,] [and] the initial 
Paying Agent (the “Paying Agent”) [and the initial Calculation Agent (the “Calculation Agent”)] and 
their initial specified office[s] shall be: 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
 
Trust & Agency Services 
 
Taunusanlage 12 
 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Federal Republic of Germany 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early Redemption 
Amount the following applies: Calculation Agent: [name and specified office]] 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at any time to 
change their specified office[s] to some other specified office in the same country. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [or the Calculation Agent] and to 
appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying Agents [or another Calculation Agent]. The 
Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Fiscal Agent [In the case of payments in USD the following 
applies: [,][and] (ii) if payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United 
States become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in USD, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in New York City, United States] [If any Calculation Agent is to be appointed the 
following applies: [and] [(ii)][(iii)] a Calculation Agent]. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 days nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Holders in accordance with § 13. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and the Calculation Agent] act 
solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for any Holder. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of 
withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. If the Issuer is required by law to make such withholding or deduction, 
the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the “Additional Amounts”) as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any 
taxes or duties which:

--- Page 56 ---
50 
 
 
 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by the Issuer from 
payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or business 
connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from 
sources in, or are secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation concerning 
the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Federal Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 13, whichever occurs later. 
Notwithstanding anything in this § 7 to the contrary, neither the Issuer, any paying agent nor any other 
person making payments on behalf of the Issuer shall be required to pay additional amounts in 
respect of such taxes imposed pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
The flat tax (Abgeltungsteuer) which has been in effect in the Federal Republic of Germany since 
1 January 2009 and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon do not constitute 
a tax as described above in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer. 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Note(s) due and demand immediate 
redemption thereof at par plus accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that: 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest on the Notes within 15 days from the relevant due date; 
or 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes and such failure is not 
capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, continues unremedied for more than 
30 days after the Fiscal Agent has received notice thereof from a Holder; or 
(c) the Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation in the minimum amount or the equivalent of 
EUR 100,000,000 under a Capital Markets Indebtedness (as defined in § 2(2) above) or under 
any guarantees or suretyship given in respect thereof within 30 days from its due date or, in the 
case of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days of such guarantee or suretyship being invoked, 
unless the Issuer contests in good faith that such payment obligation exists or is due or that such 
guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security granted in respect of such 
obligations, is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto; or 
(d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations generally or ceases its 
payments; or

--- Page 57 ---
51 
 
 
 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer and such proceedings are instituted and 
have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days, or the Issuer applies for or institutes such 
proceedings; or 
(f) 
the Issuer ceases all or substantially all of its business operations or sells or disposes of all of its 
assets or the substantial part thereof and thus (i) diminishes considerably the value of its assets 
and (ii) for this reason it becomes likely that the Issuer may not fulfil its payment obligations 
under the Notes vis-à-vis the Holders; or 
(g) the Issuer goes into liquidation or dissolution unless through a restructuring measure (including 
mergers and transformations). 
The right to declare the Notes due shall expire if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before 
the right is exercised. 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 9(1)(b) and/or § 9(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received any of the events specified in § 9(1)(a) and § 9(1)(d) 
through (g) entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the 
Fiscal Agent has received such notices from the Holders of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding. 
(3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with § 9(1) shall be 
made in text form in the German or English language and must be submitted to the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent. 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of principal of or 
interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined 
below) of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with 
these Notes (the “Substitute Debtor”) provided that: 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have obtained all necessary authorisations and may transfer 
to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required and without being obligated to deduct or withhold any 
taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in which the Substitute Debtor or 
the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment 
obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Holder in respect of such 
substitution; 
(d) it is guaranteed that the obligations of the Issuer from the Negative Pledge of the Debt Issuance 
Programme of the Issuer apply mutatis mutandis to the Notes assumed by the Substitute Debtor; 
and 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent for each jurisdiction affected one opinion of 
lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that § 10(a), (b), (c) and (d) above have been 
satisfied. 
For purposes of this § 10, “Affiliate” shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) 
within the meaning of § 15 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 13. 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and any 
reference to the country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from 
then on be deemed to refer to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall apply:

--- Page 58 ---
52 
 
 
 
(a) in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to 
have been included (in addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor); 
(b) in § 9(1)(c) to (g) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall be 
deemed to have been included (in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor). 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS’ 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer may amend the Terms and Conditions with 
regard to matters permitted by the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Schuldver-
schreibungsgesetz aus Gesamtemissionen – “SchVG”) (other than the substitution of the Issuer 
which is exclusively subject to the provisions set forth in § 10) with the consent of the Holders by 
resolution with the majority specified in § 11(2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who 
are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of 
the votes cast (a “Qualified Majority”). Resolutions relating to amendments of the Terms and 
Conditions which are not material and which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3, 
nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Procedures of Votes and Votes without a Meeting. Resolutions of Holders may be taken either in a 
meeting of Holders (Gläubigerversammlung) or by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with 
§ 18 of the SchVG. The person convening a meeting or the vote without a meeting (der Einberufende) 
shall, in each case, elect whether the resolutions shall be taken in a meeting or by vote taken without 
a meeting. The request for a meeting or vote without a meeting will provide further details relating to 
the resolutions and the voting procedures. The subject matter of the meeting or vote without a 
meeting as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to Holders together with the request for a 
meeting or vote without a meeting. In the case, where a vote without a meeting has been chosen, a 
meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take 
place in the circumstances of § 18 paragraph 4, sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) Chair of the Meeting of Holders or Vote without a Meeting. The meeting of Holders or vote without 
a meeting will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' Representative (as 
defined below) has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) Voting Rights. Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the meeting of Holders or 
the vote without a meeting at the time of the meeting or vote without a meeting by means of (a) a 
special confirmation of the depositary bank together with a copy of the Global Note (certified by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or the Fiscal Agent as being a true copy) and by submission 
of (b) a blocking instruction by the depositary bank for the benefit of a depository (Hinterlegungsstelle) 
stating that the relevant Notes are not transferable from and including the day such registration has 
been sent until and including (x) the day of the meeting of Holders or (y) the day the voting period 
ends. The special confirmation of the depositary bank shall (i) state the full name and address of the 
Holder, (ii) specify an aggregate denomination of Notes credited on the date of such certificate to 
such Holder's securities account maintained with such depositary bank and (iii) confirm that the 
depositary bank has given a written notice to the Clearing System as well as to the Fiscal Agent 
containing the information pursuant to (i) and (ii) and bearing acknowledgements of the Clearing 
System and of the relevant Clearing System accountholder.  
(6) Holders’ Representative. 
[If no Holders’ Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions the following applies: 
The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the “Holders’ 
Representative”) to exercise the Holders’ rights on behalf of each Holder. An appointment of a 
common representative may only be passed by a Qualified Majority if such common representative is 
to be authorised to consent, in accordance with § 11(2) hereof, to a material change in the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions.]

--- Page 59 ---
53 
 
 
 
[If the Holders’ Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions the following applies: 
The common representative (the “Holders’ Representative”) shall be [Holder’s Representative]. 
The liability of the Holders’ Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
The Holders’ Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders’ Representative shall comply with the instructions of the 
Holders. To the extent that the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of 
the Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to 
the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other 
rights and obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further 
notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the 
Notes. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at 
any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.  
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
§ 13 
NOTICES 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) the following 
applies: (1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) and made by means of electronic publication on the internet website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the third day following the date of such publication. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the official list and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg), 
§ 13(1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver 
the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, 
in lieu of publication as set forth in § 13(1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
validly given on the fifth day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies: (1) Notification to Clearing System. 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on 
the fifth day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)][(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in text form together with an 
evidence of the Holder's entitlement in accordance with § 14[(3)][(4)] to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice 
may be given through the Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing 
System may approve for such purpose.

--- Page 60 ---
54 
 
 
 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders 
and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic 
of Germany shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
(“Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under such 
Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) with whom such 
Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of 
the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in global 
form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository 
of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the actual records or 
the global note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, “Custodian” means any bank 
or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes 
the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his 
rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the German language with an English language 
translation the following applies: These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language 
and provided with an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. 
The English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the English language with a German language 
translation the following applies: These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language 
and provided with a German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. 
The German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the English language only the following applies: These 
Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 61 ---
55 
 
 
 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest rates 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This series of Notes (the “Notes”) of Evonik Industries AG (“Evonik” or 
the “Issuer”) is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the “Specified Currency”) in the aggregate 
principal amount [In the case the global note is an NGN the following applies: (subject to § 1(4)),] 
of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination of [specified denomination] (the “Specified Denomination”). 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global Note”) 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note”) without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent (as defined in § 6(1) below). Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued and 
the right of the Holders of Notes to request the issue and delivery of definitive Notes shall be 
excluded. 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global Note from a date 
40 days after the date of issue of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. Such 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner 
or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other 
than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions) as required by U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to this § 1(3)(b). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as defined in § 1(6))). 
(4) Clearing System. The global note representing the Notes will be kept in custody by or on behalf of 
the Clearing System. “Clearing System” means [If more than one Clearing System the following 
applies: each of]: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany] 
[,] 
[and] 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
42 Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, (“CBL”)] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium, (“Euroclear”)] [(CBL and Euroclear each an “ICSD” and 
together the “ICSDs”)] and any successor in such capacity. 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is an NGN the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in new global note (“NGN”) form and are kept in custody by 
a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of 
such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes represented by the global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time.

--- Page 62 ---
56 
 
 
 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the global note, the Issuer shall procure that details 
of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the 
global note shall be entered accordingly in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the global note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate amount of such instalment so paid. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered accordingly in the records of the ICSDs.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a CGN the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note (“CGN”) form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. “Holder” means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes. 
(6) Defined Terms. The defined terms below shall have the following meaning: 
[“USD” means the official currency of the United States; and] 
“United States” means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded priority under 
mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
(2) Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes, as long as any Notes of the Issuer are outstanding, but 
only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest under the Notes have been placed at the 
disposal of the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, (a) not to create or permit to subsist any Security over its assets for 
any present or future Capital Markets Indebtedness including any guarantees or other assumptions of 
liability in respect thereof, and (b) to procure (to the extent legally possible and permissible) that none 
of its Material Subsidiaries creates or permits to subsist any Security over its assets for any present or 
future Capital Markets Indebtedness including any guarantees or other assumptions of liability in 
respect thereof, without at the same time or prior thereto having the Holders share equally and 
rateably in such Security or such other security as shall be approved by an independent accounting 
firm of internationally recognised standing as being equivalent security. Any security which is to be 
provided pursuant to the first sentence may also be provided to a trustee on behalf of the Holders. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions:  
“Material Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary (as defined below), provided that an entity which ceases 
to be a Subsidiary shall cease to qualify as a Material Subsidiary, whose unconsolidated total assets 
represent five (5) per cent. or more of the consolidated total assets of Evonik. 
For this purpose: 
(i)  the total assets of a Subsidiary of Evonik will be determined from its financial statements 
(unconsolidated if it has subsidiaries) upon which the latest available audited consolidated 
annual financial statements of Evonik have been based; 
(ii)  if a company becomes a member of Evonik Group after the date on which the latest available 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of Evonik have been prepared, the total assets 
of that Subsidiary will be determined from its latest annual financial statements (unconsolidated if

--- Page 63 ---
57 
 
 
 
it has subsidiaries); 
(iii)  the consolidated total assets of Evonik will be determined from the latest available audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Evonik, adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect the 
total assets of any company or business subsequently acquired or disposed of; and 
(iv)  if any Subsidiary (the “Disposing Subsidiary”) meeting the abovementioned requirements 
disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to another Subsidiary of Evonik (the “Acquiring 
Subsidiary”), the Disposing Subsidiary will immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary and 
the Acquiring Subsidiary (if it is not already) will immediately become a Material Subsidiary; the 
subsequent financial statements of those Subsidiaries and Evonik will be used to determine 
whether those Subsidiaries will continue to be (or not to be) Material Subsidiaries or not. 
If there is a dispute as to whether or not a company is a Material Subsidiary, a certificate of the 
auditors of Evonik will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive evidence. 
“Subsidiary” means at any time any enterprise which was fully consolidated in the latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of Evonik (including any enterprise which would have to be fully 
consolidated in such financial statements if at the relevant time such financial statements would be 
drawn up, but excluding any enterprise which would no longer have to be fully consolidated in such 
financial statements if at the relevant time such financial statements would be drawn up). 
“Evonik Group” means Evonik and its Subsidiaries from time to time, taken as a whole. 
“Security” means a mortgage or pledge (Grund- oder Mobiliarpfandrecht) granted on the basis of a 
contractual obligation. 
“Capital Markets Indebtedness” means any obligation of the Issuer for the repayment of borrowed 
money (i) which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other securities, 
with an original maturity of more than one year, which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed, 
dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market; or (ii) under a certificate 
of indebtedness (Schuldschein, Schuldscheindarlehen) with an initial maturity of more than one year. 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to “asset-backed financings” originated by the Issuer or its 
Material Subsidiaries, the expressions “asset” and “Capital Markets Indebtedness” as used in this § 2 
do not include assets and obligations of the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries which, at the time of 
the transaction pursuant to the requirements of applicable law and accounting principles generally 
accepted with respect to the Issuer in the Federal Republic of Germany and, respectively, with 
respect to its Material Subsidiaries in the jurisdiction they are domiciled need not, and are not, 
reflected in the balance sheet of the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries, respectively. 
(3) Scope of the Negative Pledge. § 2(2) shall not apply in relation to any Security which has been 
incurred as security for Capital Markets Indebtedness or any guarantees or other assumptions of 
liability in respect thereof, 
(a) by a person which is merged with the Issuer after the issue date of the Notes (i) where such 
Security (aa) is already in existence at the time such person is merged with the Issuer and (bb) is 
not created in contemplation of such person being merged with the Issuer and (ii) where the 
principal amount secured is not increased after such person is merged with the Issuer;  
(b) arising by operation of law (kraft Gesetzes) or which are to be granted by reason of a statutory 
claim (gesetzlicher Anspruch) pursuant to the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) or 
pursuant to the German Transformation Act (Umwandlungsgesetz) or pursuant to similar 
provisions of other jurisdictions; or 
(c) which are an encumbrance of an asset at the time when such asset is acquired by the Issuer.

--- Page 64 ---
58 
 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) The Notes bear interest on their aggregate principal amount from (and including) [Interest 
Commencement Date] (the “Interest Commencement Date”) to (but excluding) the first 
Interest Payment Date and thereafter from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the next following Interest Payment Date. Interest on the Notes shall be payable on 
each Interest Payment Date. 
(b) “Interest Payment Date” means 
[In the case of Specified Interest Payment Dates the following applies: each [Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s)].] 
[In the case of Specified Interest Periods the following applies: each date which (except 
as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [number] [weeks] [months] after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date.] 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), it shall be: 
 
[In the case of the Modified Following Business Day Convention the following applies: 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
 
[In the case of the FRN Convention the following applies: postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) 
the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls 
[number] months after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
[In the case of the Following Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
(d) “Business Day” means 
 
[In the case the Specified Currency is not EUR and not Renminbi the following applies: 
a day which is a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and the 
Clearing System are generally open for business in, and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in [relevant financial centre(s)][.][and] 
 
[In the case of Notes denominated in Renminbi the following applies: a day (other than a 
Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial banks, the Clearing System and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation and on 
which commercial banks in Hong Kong (as defined below) are open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments[.][and]]  
 
[In the case the Clearing System and TARGET shall be open the following applies: a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as all relevant parts 
of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer system 2 
(“TARGET”) are open to effect payments.] 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the “Rate of Interest”) for each Interest Period (as defined 
below) will, except as provided below, be the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period which appears on the 
Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date (as defined 
below) [[plus][minus] the Margin (as defined below)], [subject to a minimum of 0.00 per cent. per 
annum,] all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 65 ---
59 
 
 
 
“Interest Period” means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from each Interest Payment Date (and including) to 
the following Interest Payment Date (but excluding). 
“Interest Determination Date” means the second TARGET Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. “TARGET Business Day” means a day on which 
all relevant parts of TARGET (Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system 2) are open to effect payments. 
[“Margin” means [●] per cent. per annum.] 
“Screen Page” means Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or the relevant successor page on that 
service or on any other service as may be nominated as the information vendor for the purposes of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the relevant offered quotation. 
If the relevant Screen Page is not available or no such offered quotation appears as at such time 
and there is no replacement of the offered quotation in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined 
in paragraph (3) below), the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period and in a 
representative amount to prime banks in the interbank market in the Euro-Zone at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations [[plus][minus] 
the Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by major banks in the interbank market in the Euro-Zone, selected 
by the Issuer, at which such banks offer, as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, loans in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period and in a 
representative amount to leading European banks [[plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the offered quotation on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day 
preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such offered quotation was displayed [[plus] 
[minus] the Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Euro-Zone” means the region comprised of those member states of the European Union that have 
adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the 
Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty of 
2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon of 13 December 2007, as further amended from time to 
time. 
“representative amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
As used herein, “Reference Banks” means four major banks in the interbank market in the Euro-
Zone. 
[In the case the offered quotation for deposits in the Specified Currency is EURIBOR, the 
following applies: (3) Replacement of the offered quotation in the case of a Discontinuation Event. 
If the Issuer determines that (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use 
the offered quotation, (ii) the administrator of the offered quotation ceases to calculate and publish 
the offered quotation permanently or for an indefinite period of time, (iii) the administrator of the 
offered quotation becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar 
proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or

--- Page 66 ---
60 
 
 
 
regulatory authority, or (iv) the offered quotation is otherwise being discontinued or otherwise 
ceases to be provided (each of the events in (i) through (iv) a “Discontinuation Event”), the 
offered quotation shall be replaced with a rate determined by an Independent Expert (as defined 
below) as follows (the “Successor Reference Rate”): 
The Independent Expert will, in its reasonable discretion, determine a Successor Reference Rate 
that is most comparable to the offered quotation, whereby the Independent Expert must determine 
such reference rate as Successor Reference Rate that is an industry accepted reference rate which 
is most comparable to the offered quotation, and determine a screen page which shall be used in 
connection with the Successor Reference Rate but subject also to the determined screen page 
being acceptable to the Calculation Agent (the “Successor Screen Page”). 
Any reference to the Screen Page herein shall, from the date of the determination of a Successor 
Reference Rate, be read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this 
paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Independent Expert will notify the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent by the day falling 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date about such 
determinations. The Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer promptly if the Calculation Agent cannot 
use the Successor Reference Rate or the Successor Screen Page for legal or factual reasons, 
otherwise the determinations are deemed to be accepted by the Calculation Agent. Beyond this, 
the Calculation Agent may only reject these determinations for good cause (aus wichtigem Grund). 
Subject to the acceptance of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders 
about the determinations in accordance with § 13. 
If the Independent Expert has not determined a Successor Reference Rate within a period of [30] 
[●] days after its appointment, it shall notify this fact to the Issuer without delay. Upon receipt of 
such notice or in the case that the Issuer, despite its best efforts, is not able to appoint an 
independent expert within a period of [30] [●] days after the Discontinuation Event became known, 
the Issuer is entitled to early terminate the Notes. Such termination shall be notified by the Issuer to 
the Holders in accordance with § 13. Such notification shall specify: 
(I) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and  
(ii) the date determined for redemption which shall not be less than [number of days/TARGET 
Business Days] after the date on which the Issuer gave notice to the Holders. 
If the Issuer elects to terminate or not to redeem the Notes early or if the Issuer or the Independent 
Expert fail or are unable to notify the Calculation Agent about a Successor Reference Rate by the 
day falling 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the offered 
quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates on the Screen Page, as described above, on 
the last day before the Interest Determination Date, on which such offered quotations appeared [in 
case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (whereby, however, if a different Margin than the 
Margin for the immediately preceding Interest Period applies for the relevant Interest Period, the 
relevant Margin shall replace the Margin for the immediately preceding Interest Period)]. [In case of 
a Margin, which shall be paid in addition to the reference rate insert: If the determined offered 
quotation has a negative value, it shall be offset against the Margin such that the offered quotation 
reduces the Margin.] The Rate of Interest shall always at least be 0 [zero].  
“Independent Expert” means an independent financial institution of international standing or an 
independent financial advisor with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.] 
(4) Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable on the Notes in respect of the Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined below) to the Specified Denomination and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards. 
(5) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate 
of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and to the Holders in accordance with § 13 as 
soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the fourth [TARGET] [relevant 
financial centre(s)] Business Day (as defined in § 3(2)) thereafter and if required by the rules of any

--- Page 67 ---
61 
 
 
 
stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed, if the rules of such 
stock exchange so require, and to the Holders in accordance with § 13. 
(6) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
this § 3 by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Holders. 
(7) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue beyond the due date until the actual redemption of the Notes. The applicable Rate of Interest 
will be the default rate of interest established by law (§ 288 of the German Civil Code (BGB)). 
(8) Day Count Fraction. “Day Count Fraction” means with regard to the calculation of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (the “Calculation Period”): 
[In the case of Actual/Actual 365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) or A/365F the following 
applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual/360 the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System. 
(b)  Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
§ 4(2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System, upon due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b). 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency [In the case of Notes 
denominated in Renminbi the following applies: or in USD Equivalent (as defined in § 4(7) below) 
as required by the Terms and Conditions by credit]. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
[If “unadjusted” applies, insert: (4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a Payment Business Day then the Holder shall only be entitled to payment 
in accordance with § 3(1)(c) and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay. 
For these purposes, “Payment Business Day” means any day which is a Business Day.] 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, the Final Redemption Amount of the 
Notes [If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a transaction related event, the following applies:, the Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount;] and any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7.

--- Page 68 ---
62 
 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, principal or interest not claimed by Holders within 
twelve months after its respective due date, even though such Holders may not be in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is 
waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
[In the case of Notes denominated in Renminbi the following applies: (7) Payments on Notes 
denominated in Renminbi. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes when due in Renminbi in Hong Kong, the Issuer may settle any such payment in USD on 
the respective due date at the USD Equivalent of any such Renminbi amount. Upon the determination 
that a condition of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity prevails, the Issuer shall by no later 
than 10.00 am (Hong Kong time) two Business Days prior to the Rate Determination Date notify the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Clearing System. The Issuer shall, in addition, give notice 
of the determination to the Holders in accordance with § 13 as soon as reasonably practicable. The 
receipt of such notice is not a requirement for payments in USD. 
In such event, any payment of USD will be made by transfer to a USD denominated account 
maintained by the payee with, or by a USD denominated cheque drawn on, or, at the option of the 
relevant Holder, by transfer to a USD account maintained by the relevant Holder with, a bank in New 
York City, United States, and the definition of “Payment Business Day” for the purpose of § 4(4) shall 
mean any day on which both (i) the Clearing System and (ii) banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business in the relevant place of presentation, London and New York City, United 
States.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
“Calculation Agent” means [insert name of Calculation Agent]. 
“Rate Determination Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in [relevant 
financial centre(s)]. 
“Rate Determination Date” means the day which is five Rate Determination Business Days before 
the due date for payment of the relevant amount under these Terms and Conditions. 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
(private or public) entity (including the central bank) charged with the regulation of the financial 
markets of Hong Kong. 
“Hong Kong” means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC. 
“Illiquidity” means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result 
of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay interest or 
principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into Renminbi in the general Renminbi exchange 
market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the issue date of the Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
transfer Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong and outside the PRC or from an account outside Hong Kong and outside 
the PRC to an account inside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the issue date of the Notes and it is impossible for

--- Page 69 ---
63 
 
 
 
the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China, whereas for the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions, the term PRC shall exclude Hong Kong, the Special Administrative Region of Macao of 
the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan. 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in 
the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong. 
“Spot Rate” means the arithmetic mean of the offer and the bid US Dollar/RMB spot exchange rate 
for the purchase of US Dollars with RMB in the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong 
for settlement in two Rate Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or 
around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Determination Date, (i) on a deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3 under the column USD/CNH, or (ii) if no such rates 
are available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. (iii) If 
neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on the Rate Determination Date as the most recently available US Dollar/RMB 
official fixing rate for settlement in two Rate Determination Business Days reported by The State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China, which is reported on the 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rate Service (or any successor service) or such 
other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange 
rate. 
If neither of the rates mentioned under (i) to (iii) above is available, the Issuer shall determine the Spot 
Rate in its equitable discretion and in a commercial reasonable manner having taken into account 
relevant market practice. 
“USD Equivalent” of a Renminbi amount means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into USD 
using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Determination Date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Determination Date and promptly notified to 
the Issuer and the Paying Agent. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 4(7) by the Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer 
and all Holders.] 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, 
the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Interest Payment Date falling 
in [Redemption Month] (the “Maturity Date”). The “Final Redemption Amount” in respect of each 
Note shall be its principal amount. 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment 
or change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, 
the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 below) on the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of 
reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at 
the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Final Redemption 
Amount. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. The date fixed for redemption must be an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 70 ---
64 
 
 
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis 
for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control the following 
applies:  
(3) Change of Control. If a Change of Control occurs and within the Change of Control Period a 
Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs (together, a “Put Event”), each Holder 
will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer 
gives notice to redeem the Notes in accordance with § 5(2)) to require the Issuer to redeem the Notes 
of such Holder at their principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date on the Optional Redemption Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a “Put Event Notice”) to the Holders in accordance with § 13 specifying the nature of the Put Event 
and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option set out in this 
§ 5(3). 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed option exercise notice in text form (“Exercise 
Notice”) in the form available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, which Exercise Notice must 
be received by the Fiscal Agent (Zugang) within the period of 45 days after the Put Event Notice is 
published (the “Put Period”). No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn without the prior 
consent of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of such option: 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within 
the Change of Control Period all ratings previously assigned to Evonik or the Notes by Rating 
Agencies are (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed from an existing investment grade rating (BBB- by 
S&P/Baa3 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating 
(BB+ by S&P/Ba1 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or worse); 
a “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if any person (other than RAG-Stiftung, 
Essen, Germany or a (direct or indirect) Subsidiary of RAG-Stiftung) or Persons Acting in Concert 
directly or indirectly acquire more than fifty (50) per cent. of the voting shares of Evonik; 
“Change of Control Period” means the period starting with the occurrence of the Change of Control 
and ending 90 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control;  
“Persons Acting in Concert” means persons acting in concert within the meaning of § 30(2) of the 
German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapierübernahmegesetz) provided that if RAG-
Stiftung, Essen, Germany and/or a (direct or indirect) Subsidiary of RAG-Stiftung (together, the “RAG-
Stiftung Entities”) act in concert with any other person(s), the RAG-Stiftung Entities and the other 
person(s) are not considered to be persons acting in concert if the RAG-Stiftung Entities jointly hold 
more voting shares in Evonik than (in aggregate) all other persons acting in concert with them; 
“Rating Agency” means each of the rating agencies of Standard and Poor's Rating Services, a 
division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (“S&P”) and Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) 
or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing 
specified from time to time by Evonik; 
the “Optional Redemption Date” is the fifteenth day after the last day of the Put Period; and 
a “Subsidiary of RAG-Stiftung” means a company 
(a) which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by RAG-Stiftung, Essen, Germany within the meaning of 
§ 17 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz); 
(b) of which by RAG-Stiftung, Essen, Germany owns directly or indirectly more than half of the 
issued share capital and/or voting rights; or

--- Page 71 ---
65 
 
 
 
(c) which is a subsidiary within the meaning of subparagraph (a) or subparagraph (b) above of 
another Subsidiary of RAG-Stiftung.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer the following applies:  
[(3)][(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes on the Interest Payment Date following [number] years after the Interest Commencement 
Date and on each Interest Payment Date thereafter (each a “Call Redemption Date”) at the 
Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the respective 
Call Redemption Date. 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under 
§ 5[(4)][(5)].] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 13. Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) whether such series of Notes is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; and 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days after 
the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of 
Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial redemption shall be reflected in the 
records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies:  
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Interest 
Payment Date following [number] years after the Interest Commencement Date and on each 
Interest Payment Date thereafter (each a “Put Redemption Date”) at the Final Redemption 
Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the respective Put Redemption 
Date. 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days 
before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be made as specified 
in the Put Notice (as defined below), submit to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent an early 
redemption notice in text form (“Put Notice”). In the event that the Put Notice is received after 
5.00 p.m. Frankfurt am Main time on the 30th Payment Business Day before the Put Redemption 
Date, the option shall not have been validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised and (ii) the securities 
identification numbers of such Notes, if any. The Put Notice may be in the form available from the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in the German and English language and includes further 
information. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be 
required to redeem Notes in respect of which such option is exercised against delivery of such 
Notes to the Issuer or to its order.]

--- Page 72 ---
66 
 
 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of 
Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount, the following applies: 
([●]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal 
Amount. 
If [75][insert other percentage rate] per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding have been redeemed or purchased by Evonik or any other member of Evonik Group, the 
Issuer may at any time upon not less than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13, to the Holders redeem, at its option, the 
remaining Notes (except for any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note under § 5(3)) in whole but not in part, at their 
principal amount plus interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence 
of a transaction related event, the following applies:  
 
[()] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a transaction related 
event. 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon giving a Transaction Trigger Notice in accordance with the requirements 
set out below and in accordance with paragraph (b), call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole or in part) with effect on the Trigger Call Redemption Date. If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem each Note to be redeemed at the 
Transaction Trigger Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the 
Trigger Call Redemption Date on the Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
 
“Transaction” means [insert description of envisaged transaction for which the Notes are 
intended to be issued for refinancing purposes]. 
 
“Transaction Notice Period” means the period from [insert issue date] to [insert end of 
period date]. 
 
“Transaction Trigger Notice” means a notice to the Holders given in accordance with 
paragraph (b) and § 13 within the Transaction Notice Period that the Transaction has been 
terminated prior to its completion or that the Transaction will not be settled for any reason 
whatsoever or that Evonik has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction. The Transaction Trigger Notice shall also specify the Trigger Redemption Date.  
 
At any time the Issuer may waive its right to call the Notes for redemption following the 
occurrence of one of the events detailed above, by giving notice in accordance with § 13.  
 
“Trigger Call Redemption Amount” per Note means [●] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination.  
 
“Trigger Call Redemption Date” means the redemption date specified in the Transaction 
Trigger Notice which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days after the date of the 
Transaction Trigger Notice. 
 
(b) 
The Issuer shall call the Notes for early redemption pursuant to paragraph (a) by publishing a 
notice to the Holders in accordance with § 13 which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify: 
 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption;  
 
(ii) 
whether the Notes will be redeemed in whole or in part and, if only in part, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed;  
 
(iii) 
the Trigger Call Redemption Date; and  
 
(iv) 
the Trigger Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed.

--- Page 73 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System.  
 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial redemption shall be 
reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear either as a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate 
principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT, THE PAYING AGENT 
AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent (the “Fiscal Agent”), the initial Paying 
Agent (the “Paying Agent”) and the initial Calculation Agent (the “Calculation Agent”) and their 
initial specified office[s] shall be: 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
 
Trust & Agency Services 
 
Taunusanlage 12 
 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Calculation Agent:  
[insert name and specified office] 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to change 
their specified office[s] to some other specified office in the same country. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to 
appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying Agents or another Calculation Agent. The 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [In the case of payments in USD the following 
applies:, (ii) if payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States 
become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in USD, a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in New York City, United States] and [(ii)][(iii)] a Calculation Agent. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 days nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Holders in accordance with § 13. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for any Holder. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of 
withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. If the Issuer is required by law to make such withholding or deduction, 
the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the “Additional Amounts”) as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any 
taxes or duties which:

--- Page 74 ---
68 
 
 
 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by the Issuer from 
payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or business 
connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from 
sources in, or are secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation concerning 
the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Federal Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 13, whichever occurs later. 
Notwithstanding anything in this § 7 to the contrary, neither the Issuer, any paying agent nor any other 
person making payments on behalf of the Issuer shall be required to pay additional amounts in 
respect of such taxes imposed pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
The flat tax (Abgeltungsteuer) which has been in effect in the Federal Republic of Germany since 
1 January 2009 and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon do not constitute 
a tax as described above in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer. 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Note(s) due and demand immediate 
redemption thereof at par plus accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that: 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest on the Notes within 15 days from the relevant due date; 
or 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes and such failure is not 
capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, continues unremedied for more than 
30 days after the Fiscal Agent has received notice thereof from a Holder; or 
(c) the Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation in the minimum amount or the equivalent of 
EUR 100,000,000 under a Capital Markets Indebtedness (as defined in § 2(2) above) or under 
any guarantees or suretyship given in respect thereof within 30 days from its due date or, in the 
case of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days of such guarantee or suretyship being invoked, 
unless the Issuer contests in good faith that such payment obligation exists or is due or that such 
guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security granted in respect of such 
obligations, is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto; or 
(d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations generally or ceases its 
payments; or

--- Page 75 ---
69 
 
 
 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer and such proceedings are instituted and 
have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days, or the Issuer applies for or institutes such 
proceedings; or 
(f) 
the Issuer ceases all or substantially all of its business operations or sells or disposes of all of its 
assets or the substantial part thereof and thus (i) diminishes considerably the value of its assets 
and (ii) for this reason it becomes likely that the Issuer may not fulfil its payment obligations 
under the Notes vis-à-vis the Holders; or 
(g) the Issuer goes into liquidation or dissolution unless through a restructuring measure (including 
mergers and transformations). 
The right to declare the Notes due shall expire if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before 
the right is exercised. 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 9(1)(b) and/or § 9(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received any of the events specified in § 9(1)(a) and § 9(1)(d) 
through (g) entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the 
Fiscal Agent has received such notices from the Holders of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding. 
(3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with § 9(1) shall be 
made in text form in the German or English language and must be submitted to the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent. 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
 (1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of principal of or 
interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined 
below) of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with 
these Notes (the “Substitute Debtor”) provided that: 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have obtained all necessary authorisations and may transfer 
to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required and without being obligated to deduct or withhold any 
taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in which the Substitute Debtor or 
the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment 
obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Holder in respect of such 
substitution; 
(d) it is guaranteed that the obligations of the Issuer from the Negative Pledge of the Debt Issuance 
Programme of the Issuer apply mutatis mutandis to the Notes assumed by the Substitute Debtor; 
and 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent for each jurisdiction affected one opinion of 
lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that § 10(a), (b), (c) and (d) above have been 
satisfied. 
For purposes of this § 10, “Affiliate” shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) 
within the meaning of § 15 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 13. 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and any 
reference to the country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from 
then on be deemed to refer to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall apply:

--- Page 76 ---
70 
 
 
 
(a) in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to 
have been included (in addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor); 
(b) in § 9(1)(c) to (g) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall be 
deemed to have been included (in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor). 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS’ 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer may amend the Terms and Conditions with 
regard 
to 
matters 
permitted 
by 
the 
German 
Act 
on 
Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz aus Gesamtemissionen – “SchVG”) (other than the substitution of the 
Issuer which is exclusively subject to the provisions set forth in § 10) with the consent of the Holders 
by resolution with the majority specified in § 11(2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who 
are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of 
the votes cast (a “Qualified Majority”). Resolutions relating to amendments of the Terms and 
Conditions which are not material and which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3, 
nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Procedures of Votes and Votes without a Meeting. Resolutions of Holders may be taken either in a 
meeting of Holders (Gläubigerversammlung) or by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with 
§ 18 of the SchVG. The person convening a meeting or the vote without a meeting (der Einberufende) 
shall, in each case, elect whether the resolutions shall be taken in a meeting or by vote taken without 
a meeting. The request for a meeting or vote without a meeting will provide further details relating to 
the resolutions and the voting procedures. The subject matter of the meeting or vote without a 
meeting as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to Holders together with the request for a 
meeting or vote without a meeting. In the case, where a vote without a meeting has been chosen, a 
meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take 
place in the circumstances of § 18 paragraph 4, sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) Chair of the Meeting of Holders or Vote without a Meeting. The meeting of Holders or vote without 
a meeting will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' Representative (as 
defined below) has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) Voting Rights. Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the meeting of Holders or 
the vote without a meeting at the time of the meeting or vote without a meeting by means of (a) a 
special confirmation of the depositary bank together with a copy of the Global Note (certified by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or the Fiscal Agent as being a true copy) and by submission 
of (b) a blocking instruction by the depositary bank for the benefit of a depository (Hinterlegungsstelle) 
stating that the relevant Notes are not transferable from and including the day such registration has 
been sent until and including (x) the day of the meeting of Holders or (y) the day the voting period 
ends. The special confirmation of the depositary bank shall (i) state the full name and address of the 
Holder, (ii) specify an aggregate denomination of Notes credited on the date of such certificate to such 
Holder's securities account maintained with such depositary bank and (iii) confirm that the depositary 
bank has given a written notice to the Clearing System as well as to the Fiscal Agent containing the 
information pursuant to (i) and (ii) and bearing acknowledgements of the Clearing System and of the 
relevant Clearing System accountholder.  
(6) Holders’ Representative. 
[If no Holders’ Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions the following applies: 
The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the “Holders’ 
Representative”) to exercise the Holders’ rights on behalf of each Holder. An appointment of a 
common representative may only be passed by a Qualified Majority if such common representative is 
to be authorised to consent, in accordance with § 11(2) hereof, to a material change in the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions.]

--- Page 77 ---
71 
 
 
 
[If the Holders’ Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions the following applies: 
The common representative (the “Holders’ Representative”) shall be [Holder’s Representative]. 
The liability of the Holders’ Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
The Holders’ Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders’ Representative shall comply with the instructions of the 
Holders. To the extent that the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of 
the Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to 
the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other 
rights and obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further 
notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the 
Notes. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at 
any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.  
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
§ 13 
NOTICES 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) the following 
applies: (1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) and made by means of electronic publication on the internet website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the third day following the date of such publication. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the official list and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg), 
§ 13(1) shall apply. In the case of notices regarding the Rate of Interest or, if the Rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
§ 13(1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the fifth day after the 
day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies: (1) Notification to Clearing System. 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on 
the fifth day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)][(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in text form together with an 
evidence of the Holder's entitlement in accordance with § 14[(3)][(4)] to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice 
may be given through the Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing 
System may approve for such purpose. 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders 
and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law.

--- Page 78 ---
72 
 
 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic 
of Germany shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
(“Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under such 
Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) with whom such 
Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of 
the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in global 
form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository 
of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the actual records or 
the global note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, “Custodian” means any bank 
or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes 
the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his 
rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the German language with an English language 
translation the following applies: These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language 
and provided with an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. 
The English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the English language with a German language 
translation the following applies: These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language 
and provided with a German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. 
The German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the English language only the following applies: These 
Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 79 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN) 
Die Anleihebedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen (die “Anleihebedingungen”) sind nachfolgend 
in drei Optionen aufgeführt: 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen 
mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen 
und Erklärungen in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet 
wird. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I oder Option II 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt 
werden oder auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des Basisprospektes keine Kenntnis von 
bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar 
sind, enthält dieser Basisprospekt Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die 
Endgültigen Bedingungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
[Im Fall, dass die Endgültigen Bedingungen, die für eine einzelne Emission anwendbar sind, 
nur auf die weiteren Optionen verweisen, die im Satz der Anleihebedingungen der Option I 
oder Option II enthalten sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die Bestimmungen dieser 
Anleihebedingungen gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die Angaben der 
beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die “Endgültigen Bedingungen”) vervollständigt werden. Die 
Leerstellen 
in 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären; alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen, deren Entsprechungen 
in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen (einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der 
Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen gestrichen, so dass die 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen 
sind 
kostenlos 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Hauptzahlstelle 
und 
bei 
der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten Schuld-
verschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich für 
die Gläubiger (wie in § 1(5) definiert) solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 80 ---
74 
 
 
 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN  
DEUTSCHSPRACHIGE FASSUNG 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie der Schuldverschreibungen (die “Schuldverschreibungen”) 
der Evonik Industries AG (“Evonik” oder die “Emittentin”) wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die 
“festgelegte Währung”) im Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz (4))] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die 
“festgelegte Stückelung”) begeben. 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die “vorläufige 
Globalurkunde”) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
“Dauerglobalurkunde”) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von der Hauptzahlstelle (wie 
nachstehend in § 6 Absatz (1) definiert) oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben und das Recht der 
Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen, die Ausstellung und Lieferung von Einzelurkunden zu 
verlangen, ist ausgeschlossen. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde 
austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine 
U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher 
Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem § 1 Absatz (3)(b) 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert 
werden, dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1 Absatz (6) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
(4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, wird von einem 
oder für ein Clearing System verwahrt. “Clearing System” bedeutet [Bei mehr als einem Clearing 
System ist Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils]: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [,] [und] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg, (“CBL”)] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du 
Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgien, (“Euroclear”)] [(CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein “ICSD” und 
zusammen die “ICSDs”)] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer New Global Note (“NGN”) ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.  
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht 
dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs 
(unter denen die Register zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres

--- Page 81 ---
75 
 
 
 
Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrages 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine für zu diesem Zweck von 
einem 
ICSD 
jeweils 
ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bescheinigung des Inhalts des Registers des betreffenden 
ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder Zahlung einer Rückzahlungsrate oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde 
entsprechend in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach dieser Eintragung 
vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten abgezogen wird. 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs 
entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die 
Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer Classical Global Note (“CGN”) ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
“Gläubiger” 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(6) Definierte Begriffe. Die folgenden definierten Begriffe haben die ihnen nachfolgend zugewiesene 
Bedeutung:  
[“USD” bedeutet die offizielle Währung der Vereinigten Staaten; und] 
“Vereinigte Staaten” bezeichnet die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht 
durch zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen der 
Emittentin ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen dem Clearing System oder an dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, (a) 
keine Sicherheiten an ihrem Vermögen für gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Kapitalmarkt-
verbindlichkeiten einschließlich Garantien oder andere Gewährleistungen dafür zu gewähren oder 
fortbestehen zu lassen, und (b) sicherzustellen (in dem rechtlich zulässigen Rahmen), dass keine 
ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften Sicherheiten an ihrem Vermögen für gegenwärtige oder 
zukünftige Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten einschließlich Garantien oder andere Gewährleistungen 
dafür bestellt oder fortbestehen lässt, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur gleichen Zeit oder zu einem 
früheren Zeitpunkt an solchen Sicherheiten oder an solchen anderen Sicherheiten, die von einem 
internationalen angesehenen unabhängigen Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige Sicherheit anerkannt 
werden, im gleichen Rang und gleichem Verhältnis teilnehmen zu lassen. Eine Sicherheit, die im 
Sinne des vorstehenden Satzes gewährt werden muss, kann auch einem Treuhänder zu Gunsten der 
Gläubiger gewährt werden.

--- Page 82 ---
76 
 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Anleihebedingungen: 
“Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft” bezeichnet jede Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend definiert), 
wobei eine Gesellschaft, die keine Tochtergesellschaft mehr ist, auch nicht mehr als Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft gilt, deren nicht konsolidierte Bilanzsumme einem Anteil von fünf (5) Prozent oder 
mehr der konsolidierten Bilanzsumme von Evonik entspricht. 
Für diesen Zweck: 
(i) 
wird die Bilanzsumme einer Tochtergesellschaft von Evonik nach deren Abschluss (nicht 
konsolidiert, sofern diese Gesellschaft selbst Tochtergesellschaften hat) bestimmt, auf dem der 
letzte verfügbare geprüfte konsolidierte Jahresabschluss von Evonik beruht; 
(ii) wird in Fällen, in denen eine Gesellschaft nach dem Datum, zu dem der letzte verfügbare 
geprüfte konsolidierte Jahresabschluss von Evonik aufgestellt wurde, Teil der Evonik Gruppe 
wird, die Bilanzsumme dieser Tochtergesellschaft nach deren letztem Jahresabschluss (nicht 
konsolidiert, sofern diese Gesellschaft selbst Tochtergesellschaften hat) bestimmt; 
(iii) wird die konsolidierte Bilanzsumme von Evonik nach dem letzten verfügbaren geprüften 
konsolidierten Jahresabschluss von Evonik bestimmt, gegebenenfalls so angepasst, dass die 
Bilanzsumme einer danach erworbenen oder veräußerten Gesellschaft oder eines danach 
erworbenen oder veräußerten Geschäftsbetriebs berücksichtigt wird; und 
(iv) gilt in Fällen, in denen eine Tochtergesellschaft (die “Veräußernde Tochtergesellschaft”), 
welche die vorstehend genannten Voraussetzungen erfüllt, alle oder im Wesentlichen alle ihre 
Vermögensgegenstände an eine andere Tochtergesellschaft von Evonik (die “Erwerbende 
Tochtergesellschaft”) veräußert, die Veräußernde Tochtergesellschaft unverzüglich nicht mehr 
als Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft und gilt die Erwerbende Tochtergesellschaft mit sofortiger 
Wirkung als Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft (falls sie dies nicht bereits ist); die anschließend 
aufgestellten Jahresabschlüsse dieser Tochtergesellschaften und von Evonik werden zur 
Bestimmung der Frage herangezogen, ob es sich bei diesen Tochtergesellschaften weiterhin um 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaften (bzw. keine Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften) handelt 
oder nicht. 
Bei Uneinigkeit über die Frage, ob es sich bei einer Gesellschaft um eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft handelt oder nicht, gilt eine Bestätigung der Abschlussprüfer von Evonik, außer 
im Falle eines offenkundigen Fehlers, als schlüssiger Nachweis. 
"Tochtergesellschaft” bezeichnet für einen bestimmten Zeitpunkt jedes ausweislich des letzten 
geprüften Konzernabschlusses von Evonik voll konsolidierte Unternehmen (einschließlich jedes 
Unternehmens, welches in einem solchen Abschluss voll zu konsolidieren wäre, wenn der Abschluss 
zu dem jeweils anwendbaren Zeitpunkt erstellt würde, aber ausschließlich aller Unternehmen, die in 
einem solchen Abschluss nicht mehr voll zu konsolidieren wären, wenn der Abschluss zu dem jeweils 
anwendbaren Zeitpunkt erstellt würde). 
"Evonik Gruppe” bezeichnet Evonik und ihre jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaften, betrachtet als 
Ganzes. 
"Sicherheit” bezeichnet ein auf vertraglicher Grundlage gewährtes Grund- oder Mobiliarpfandrecht. 
“Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit” bezeichnet jede Verbindlichkeit der Emittentin hinsichtlich der 
Rückzahlung aufgenommener Geldbeträge, (i) die durch Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige 
Wertpapiere mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die an einer Börse oder an 
einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder gehandelt werden oder werden können, 
verbrieft oder verkörpert ist, oder (ii) aus einem Schuldschein bzw. Schuldscheindarlehen mit einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr. 
Um etwaige Zweifel bezüglich “asset-backed Finanzierungen” der Emittentin oder ihrer Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften zu vermeiden, schließen die in diesem § 2 benutzten Begriffe “Vermögen” und 
“Kapitalverbindlichkeiten” nicht solche Vermögensgegenstände und Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
und ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften ein, die bei Abschluss der jeweiligen Transaktion im 
Einklang mit den jeweils anwendbaren Gesetzen und den bezüglich der Emittentin in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland bzw. bezüglich ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften den in der

--- Page 83 ---
77 
 
 
 
Jurisdiktion, in der diese ansässig sind, anerkannten Regeln der Bilanzierung und Buchführung nicht 
in der Bilanz der Emittentin bzw. ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften ausgewiesen werden 
mussten und darin auch nicht ausgewiesen werden. 
(3) Umfang der Negativverpflichtung. § 2 Absatz (2) gilt nicht in Bezug auf Sicherheiten, die als 
Sicherheit für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten oder Garantien oder anderen Gewährleistungen dafür 
gewährt wurden,  
(a)  von einer Person, die nach dem Begebungstag der Schuldverschreibungen mit der Emittentin 
oder mit Evonik verschmolzen wird, und (i) die (aa) bereits zu dem Zeitpunkt bestanden, an dem 
diese Person mit der Emittentin verschmolzen wird und die (bb) nicht im Hinblick darauf bestellt 
wurden, dass diese Person mit der Emittentin verschmolzen wird und (ii) für die der besicherte 
Kapitalbetrag nicht nach dem Zeitpunkt erhöht wird, an dem diese Person mit der Emittentin 
verschmolzen wird;  
(b)  die kraft Gesetzes entstehen oder die aufgrund eines gesetzlichen Anspruchs nach dem 
Aktiengesetz oder nach dem Umwandlungsgesetz oder nach vergleichbaren Regelungen einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung zu bestellen sind; oder 
(c) die auf einem Vermögensgegenstand zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs durch die Emittentin lasten.  
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag verzinst, und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] (der “Verzinsungsbeginn”) 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 Absatz (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) mit jährlich 
[Zinssatz]%. Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am [Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils ein “Zinszahlungstag”). Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster Zinszahlungstag] [Sofern 
der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegte Stückelung]]. 
[Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein Zinszahlungstag ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den 
Zeitraum vom [letzter dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehender Zinszahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis 
zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
festgelegte Stückelung].] 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
erfolgt die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der Fälligkeit bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes 
für Verzugszinsen (§ 288 BGB). 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger 
als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten 
(wie nachstehend definiert). 
(4) Zinstagequotient. “Zinstagequotient” bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der “Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum”): 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA) oder Act/Act (ICMA) ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
(i) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum der Feststellungsperiode entspricht, in die er fällt, oder 
kürzer als diese ist, die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch das 
Produkt aus (A) der Anzahl von Tagen in der betreffenden Feststellungsperiode und (B) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungsperioden, die üblicherweise in einem Jahr enden; und 
(ii) wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger als eine Feststellungsperiode ist, die Summe aus 
(A) der Anzahl der Tage in dem betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die Fest-
stellungsperiode fallen, in der sie beginnt, dividiert durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage in der betreffenden Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der Feststellungs-
perioden, die üblicherweise in einem Jahr enden; und

--- Page 84 ---
78 
 
 
 
(B) die Anzahl der Tage in dem betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nachfolgende Feststellungsperiode fallen, dividiert durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(2) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, die üblicherweise in einem Jahr enden. 
Für diesen Zweck gilt:  
“Feststellungstermin” bezeichnet jeden [Tag einfügen][Zinszahlungstag]; und 
“Feststellungsperiode” bezeichnet jede Periode ab einem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich), der in 
ein beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum nächsten Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich).] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis ist Folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem 
Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verkürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, 
oder (B) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, 
in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis ist Folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung 
des Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes).] 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual 365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) oder A/365F und im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, deren festgelegte Währung RMB ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch 365.] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1)(a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4 Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder an dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
(b)  Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe 
von § 4 Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder an dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von § 4 Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder an dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach 
ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz (3)(b). 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Währung [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren festgelegte Währung RMB ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: oder im USD-Gegenwert (wie in § 4 Absatz (7) definiert) durch Überweisung 
nach Maßgabe der Anleihebedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen]. 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder an dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen auf einen 
Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten 
Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen.

--- Page 85 ---
79 
 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet “Zahltag” einen Tag, 
[Bei nicht auf EUR und nicht auf Renminbi lautenden Schuldverschreibungen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: der ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem (i) das Clearingssystem 
und (ii) Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] 
abwickeln[.][und]] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren festgelegte Währung RMB ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: der ein Tag (außer einem Samstag, Sonntag oder Feiertag) ist, an dem (i) das Clearing 
System und (ii) Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte am jeweiligen Vorlegungsort für den 
Geschäftsverkehr geöffnet sind, sowie einen Tag, an dem Geschäftsbanken in Hongkong für den 
Geschäftsverkehr und die Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Renminbi geöffnet sind[.][und]] 
[Im Fall, dass das Clearing System und TARGET offen sein sollen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
der ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem (i) das Clearing System und (ii) das 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer system 2 (“TARGET”) offen 
sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.] 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital 
der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den Rück-
zahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen; den vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldver-
schreibungen; [Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
festgelegten Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [Falls der Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [Falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen bei Eintritt eines transaktionsbezogenen 
Ereignisses zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt Folgendes: 
den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag,] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am 
Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern 
nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, 
und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der 
Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, deren festgelegte Währung RMB ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: (7) Zahlungen auf Schuldverschreibungen, deren festgelegte Währung RMB ist. Ist die 
Emittentin unbeschadet des Vorstehenden aufgrund Fehlender Konvertierbarkeit, Fehlender 
Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität nicht in der Lage, Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit in Renminbi in Hongkong zu leisten, kann sie die jeweilige 
Zahlung in USD am jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag als einen dem jeweiligen auf Renminbi lautenden Betrag 
entsprechenden Gegenwert in USD leisten. Nach der Feststellung, dass ein Fall der Fehlenden 
Konvertierbarkeit, Fehlenden Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität vorliegt, hat die Emittentin spätestens 
um 10.00 Uhr (Hongkonger Zeit) zwei Geschäftstage vor dem Kurs-Feststellungstag die 
Hauptzahlstelle, die Berechnungsstelle und das Clearing System davon zu unterrichten. Zusätzlich 
wird die Emittentin den Gläubigern sobald wie möglich von der Feststellung gemäß § 13 Mitteilung 
machen. Der Empfang einer solchen Mitteilung ist kein Erfordernis für Zahlungen in USD. 
In diesem Falle erfolgen etwaige Zahlungen in USD per Überweisung auf ein auf USD lautendes 
Konto, das von dem Zahlungsempfänger bei einer Bank in New York City, Vereinigte Staaten 
unterhalten wird, oder durch einen auf eine Bank in New York City, Vereinigte Staaten ausgestellten 
auf USD lautenden Scheck, oder nach Wahl des Gläubigers durch Überweisung auf ein auf USD 
lautendes Konto, das vom Gläubiger bei einer Bank in New York City, Vereinigte Staaten unterhalten 
wird, und “Zahltag” bezeichnet für die Zwecke von § 4 Absatz (4) einen Tag, an dem (i) das Clearing 
System und (ii) Banken und Devisenmärkte für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr am jeweiligen 
Vorlegungsort, London und New York City, Vereinigte Staaten, geöffnet sind.

--- Page 86 ---
80 
 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten folgende Begriffsbestimmungen: 
“Berechnungsstelle” bezeichnet [Namen der Berechnungsstelle einfügen]. 
“Kurs-Feststellungs-Geschäftstag” bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem Geschäftsbanken für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich Devisengeschäften) in 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet sind. 
“Kurs-Feststellungstag” bezeichnet den Tag, der fünf Kurs-Feststellungs-Geschäftstage vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag der Zahlung des jeweiligen Betrags gemäß dieser Anleihebedingungen liegt. 
“Staatliche Stelle” bezeichnet alle de facto oder de jure staatlichen Regierungen (einschließlich der 
dazu gehörenden Behörden oder Organe), Gerichte, rechtsprechenden, verwaltungsbehördlichen 
oder sonstigen staatlichen Stellen und alle sonstigen (privatrechtlichen oder öffentlich-rechtlichen) 
Personen (einschließlich der jeweiligen Zentralbank), die mit Aufsichtsfunktionen über die 
Finanzmärkte in Hongkong betraut sind. 
“Hongkong” bezeichnet die Sonderverwaltungszone Hongkong der VRC. 
“Illiquidität” bezeichnet die Illiquidität des allgemeinen Renminbi-Devisenmarkts in Hongkong, 
infolgedessen die Emittentin nicht die ausreichende Menge an Renminbi zur Erfüllung ihrer Zins- oder 
Kapitalzahlungen (ganz oder teilweise) in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erhalten kann, wie 
von der Emittentin nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich angemessener Weise nach 
Konsultation mit zwei Renminbi-Händlern festgelegt. 
“Fehlende Konvertierbarkeit” bezeichnet den Eintritt eines Ereignisses, das die Umwandlung eines 
fälligen Betrags in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Renminbi durch die Emittentin am 
allgemeinen Renminbi-Devisenmarkt in Hongkong unmöglich macht, sofern diese Unmöglichkeit nicht 
ausschließlich auf eine Nichteinhaltung von Gesetzen, Verordnungen oder Vorschriften einer 
Staatlichen Stelle seitens der Emittentin zurückzuführen ist (es sei denn, die betreffenden Gesetze, 
Verordnungen oder Vorschriften werden nach dem Begebungstag verabschiedet bzw. erlassen und 
ihre Einhaltung ist der Emittentin aufgrund eines außerhalb ihres Einflussbereichs liegenden 
Ereignisses nicht möglich). 
“Fehlende Übertragbarkeit” bezeichnet den Eintritt eines Ereignisses, das eine Überweisung von 
Renminbi zwischen Konten innerhalb Hongkongs oder von einem Konto in Hongkong auf ein Konto 
außerhalb Hongkongs und der VRC oder von einem Konto außerhalb Hongkongs und der VRC auf 
ein Konto innerhalb Hongkongs durch die Emittentin unmöglich macht, sofern diese Unmöglichkeit 
nicht ausschließlich auf eine Nichteinhaltung von Gesetzen, Verordnungen oder Vorschriften einer 
Staatlichen Stelle seitens der Emittentin zurückzuführen ist (es sei denn, die betreffenden Gesetze, 
Verordnungen oder Vorschriften werden nach dem Begebungstag verabschiedet bzw. erlassen und 
ihre Einhaltung ist der Emittentin aufgrund eines außerhalb ihres Einflussbereichs liegenden 
Ereignisses nicht möglich). 
“VRC” 
bezeichnet 
die 
Volksrepublik 
China, 
wobei 
dieser 
Begriff 
für 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen Hongkong, die Sonderverwaltungszone Macao der Volksrepublik China und 
Taiwan ausschließt. 
“Renminbi-Händler” 
bezeichnet 
einen 
unabhängigen 
Devisenhändler 
mit 
internationalem 
Renommee, der auf dem Renminbi-Devisenmarkt in Hongkong tätig ist. 
“Kassakurs” bezeichnet das arithmetische Mittel zwischen Geld- und Briefkurs zwischen U.S.-Dollar 
und Renminbi für den Kauf von U.S.-Dollar mit Renminbi auf dem außerbörslichen Renminbi 
Devisenmarkt in Hongkong mit Abwicklung nach zwei Kurs-Feststellungs-Geschäftstagen zu dem von 
der Berechnungsstelle am Kurs-Feststellungstag um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Hongkong Zeit), (i) unter der 
Annahme einer tatsächlichen Abwicklung, unter Heranziehung der auf der Bildschirmseite 
TRADCNY3 von Reuters unter der Spalte USD/CNH festgelegten Kurse, oder, (ii) sofern solche 
Kurse nicht zur Verfügung stehen, unter der Annahme eines synthetischen Geschäfts, unter 
Heranziehung der Bildschirmseite TRADNDF von Reuters. (iii) Sofern keiner dieser Kurse verfügbar 
ist, wird die Berechnungsstelle den Kassakurs um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Hongkong Zeit) am Kurs-
Feststellungstag als aktuellsten verfügbaren offiziellen U.S.-Dollar/RMB Kurs für Abwicklungen an 
zwei Kurs-Feststellungs-Geschäftstagen, wie vom staatlichen Devisenamt der Volksrepublik China 
(State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China) veröffentlicht, der auf

--- Page 87 ---
81 
 
 
 
der Bildschirmseite CNY=SAEC von Reuters veröffentlicht wird, bestimmen. Eine Bezugnahme auf 
eine Seite auf dem Reuters-Bildschirm bedeutet die bei Reuters Monitor Money Rate Service (oder 
eines Nachfolgedienstes) so bezeichnete Anzeigeseite oder eine andere Seite, die diese 
Anzeigeseite zum Zwecke der Anzeige eines vergleichbaren Devisenkurses ersetzt. 
Falls keiner der vorstehend unter (i) bis (iii) genannten Kurse verfügbar ist, soll die Emittentin den 
Kassakurs nach ihrem eigenen vernünftigen Ermessen und in einer wirtschaftlich vernünftigen Art und 
Weise und unter Berücksichtigung der jeweiligen Marktpraxis bestimmen. 
“USD-Gegenwert” eines Renminbi-Betrags bezeichnet den in USD anhand des Kassakurses für den 
jeweiligen Kurs-Feststellungstag umgewandelten jeweiligen Renminbi-Betrag, wie von der 
Berechnungsstelle um oder ungefähr um 11.00 Uhr (Hongkonger Zeit) an dem Kurs-Feststellungstag 
bestimmt und der Emittentin und der Zahlstelle unverzüglich angezeigt. 
Alle Mitteilungen, Auffassungen, Feststellungen, Bescheinigungen, Berechnungen, Kursnotierungen 
und Entscheidungen, die für die Zwecke der Bestimmungen von § 4 Absatz (7) von der 
Berechnungsstelle oder der Emittentin abgegeben, zum Ausdruck gebracht, vorgenommen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (außer in Fällen von Vorsatz, Arglist oder offenkundigen Fehlern) für die 
Emittentin und alle Gläubiger verbindlich.] 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am 
[Fälligkeitstag] (der “Fälligkeitstag”) zurückgezahlt. Der “Rückzahlungsbetrag” in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung. 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen können 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber der Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 13 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
deren politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften 
(vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (1) definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 
dieser Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen 
vernünftiger, der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen Termin 
erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine 
Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 13 zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche 
die das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
[Falls die Gläubiger das Wahlrecht haben, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig aufgrund eines 
Kontrollwechsels zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
(3) Kontrollwechsel. Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein und kommt es innerhalb des Kontrollwechsel-
zeitraums zu einer Absenkung des Ratings auf Grund des Kontrollwechsels (zusammen, ein 
“Rückzahlungsereignis”), hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht (sofern nicht die Emittentin, bevor die 
nachstehend 
beschriebene 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
gemacht 
wird, 
die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5 Absatz (2) 
angezeigt 
hat), 
die 
Rückzahlung 
seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin zum Nennbetrag, zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen, am Rückzahlungstag zu verlangen.

--- Page 88 ---
82 
 
 
 
Nachdem die Emittentin von einem Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis erlangt hat, wird sie unverzüglich 
den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 Mitteilung vom Rückzahlungsereignis machen (eine “Rückzahlungs-
mitteilung”), in der die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses sowie das Verfahren für die 
Ausübung des in diesem § 5 Absatz (3) genannten Wahlrechts angegeben sind. 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der Gläubiger während der normalen Geschäftsstunden 
innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 45 Tagen, nachdem die Rückzahlungsmitteilung veröffentlicht wurde 
(der “Ausübungszeitraum”), eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte Ausübungserklärung in Textform bei 
der angegebenen Niederlassung der Hauptzahlstelle einreichen (die “Ausübungserklärung”), die in 
ihrer jeweils maßgeblichen Form bei der angegebenen Niederlassung der Hauptzahlstelle erhältlich 
ist. Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann nicht ohne vorherige Zustimmung der Emittentin widerrufen 
oder zurückgezogen werden. 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
Gilt eine “Absenkung des Ratings” in Bezug auf einen Kontrollwechsel als eingetreten, wenn 
innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums sämtliche vorher für Evonik oder die Schuldverschreibungen 
vergebene Ratings der Ratingagenturen (i) zurückgezogen oder (ii) von einem existierenden 
Investment Grade Rating (BBB- von S&P/Baa3 von Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder besser) in 
ein non-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ von S&P/Ba1 von Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder 
schlechter) geändert werden; 
gilt ein “Kontrollwechsel” als eingetreten, wenn eine Person (außer der RAG-Stiftung, Essen, 
Deutschland oder eine (direkte oder indirekte) Tochtergesellschaft der RAG-Stiftung) oder Personen, 
die ihr Verhalten aufeinander abgestimmt haben, direkt oder indirekt mehr als fünfzig (50) Prozent der 
Stimmrechte von Evonik erwerben; 
ist der “Kontrollwechselzeitraum” der Zeitraum, der mit dem Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels beginnt 
und 90 Tage nach dem Eintritt eines Kontrollwechsels endet;  
gelten “Personen, die ihr Verhalten aufeinander abgestimmt haben” als Personen, die ihr 
Verhalten i.S.d. § 30 Absatz (2) WpÜG aufeinander abgestimmt haben, es sei denn, die RAG-
Stiftung, Essen, Deutschland und/oder eine (direkte oder indirekte) Tochtergesellschaft der RAG-
Stiftung (zusammen die “RAG-Stiftung Unternehmen”) stimmen ihr Verhalten mit (einer) anderen 
Person(en) ab; In diesem Fall gelten die RAG-Stiftung Unternehmen und die andere(n) Person(en) 
nicht als Personen, die ihr Verhalten aufeinander abgestimmt haben, wenn die RAG-Stiftung 
Unternehmen gemeinsam insgesamt mehr Stimmrechte an Evonik halten als alle anderen Personen, 
die ihr Verhalten mit ihnen abgestimmt haben; 
bezeichnet “Ratingagentur” jede Ratingagentur von Standard and Poor's Rating Services, eine 
Abteilung von The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (“S&P”) und Moody's Investors Service (“Moody’s”) 
oder eine ihrer jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere von Evonik von Zeit zu Zeit 
bestimmte Ratingagentur vergleichbaren internationalen Ansehens; 
ist der “Rückzahlungstag” der fünfzehnte Tag nach dem letzten Tag des Ausübungszeitraums; und 
ist eine “Tochtergesellschaft der RAG-Stiftung” eine Gesellschaft, 
(a) die von der RAG-Stiftung, Essen, Deutschland im Sinne von § 17 des Aktiengesetzes direkt oder 
indirekt kontrolliert wird; 
(b) von deren ausgegebenen Anteilen und/oder Stimmrechten direkt oder indirekt mehr als die 
Hälfte von der RAG-Stiftung, Essen, Deutschland gehalten werden; oder 
(c) 
die eine Tochtergesellschaft im Sinne von Absatz (a) oder Absatz (b) einer anderen 
Tochtergesellschaft der RAG-Stiftung ist.]

--- Page 89 ---
83 
 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu festgelegten 
Wahlrückzahlungsbeträgen (Call) zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
[(3)][(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt oder teilweise am/an den Wahl- Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) oder jederzeit danach bis 
zum jeweils nachfolgenden Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) zum/zu den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum 
jeweiligen Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[(e)]] 
[_________________________] 
[_________________________] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag[/beträge]] 
[_________________________] 
[_________________________] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Wahlrechts nach § 5 Absatz [(4)][(5)][(6)] verlangt hat.] 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 13 
bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 
Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen 
darf; und 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt 
werden. 
(c) 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. [Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den 
Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
jederzeit insgesamt oder teilweise an von ihr bestimmten Terminen (jeweils ein “Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call)”) zum vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückzahlen. 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Wahlrechts nach § 5 Absatz [(4)][(5)][(6)] verlangt hat.] 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 13 
bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen;

--- Page 90 ---
84 
 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen ganz oder teilweise zurück-
gezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 
Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen 
darf. 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die zurückzu-
zahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des betreffenden Clearing 
Systems ausgewählt. [Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar:  
[(3)][(4)][(5)][(6)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts 
durch den Gläubiger am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Put), wie nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put)  
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[(e)]] 
[_____________________] 
[_____________________] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag[/beträge]] 
[_____________________] 
[_____________________] 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt 
hat. 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr 
als 60 Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der Wahl-
Rückzahlungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle der Hauptzahlstelle eine Mitteilung in Textform zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
(“Wahl-Rückzahlungserklärung”) zu übermitteln. Falls die Wahl-Rückzahlungserklärung nach 
17.00 Uhr Frankfurt am Main Zeit am 30. Zahltag vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, 
ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die Wahl-Rückzahlungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) 
den gesamten Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird und 
(ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Für die Wahl-
Rückzahlungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen der 
Hauptzahlstelle in deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise 
enthält, verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt 
nur gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringfügig ausstehendem 
Nennbetrag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
([●]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringfügig ausstehendem Nennbetrag. 
Wenn [75][anderen Prozentsatz einfügen] % oder mehr des Nennbetrags der dann ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Evonik oder ein anderes Mitglied der Evonik Gruppe zurückgezahlt 
oder zurückerworben wurden, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, jederzeit nach ihrer Wahl alle 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen (außer Schuldverschreibungen, deren Rückzahlung bereits 
von Gläubigern durch Ausübung ihrer Rückzahlungsoption gemäß § 5(3) verlangt wurde) insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig zu 
kündigen und zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener

--- Page 91 ---
85 
 
 
 
Zinsen zurück zu zahlen.] 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen bei Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurück-
zuzahlen, gilt Folgendes:  
[()] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines transaktionsbezogenen 
Ereignisses.  
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt oder teilweise) 
durch eine Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den nachstehend aufgeführten Bedingungen 
und gemäß Absatz (b) mit Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, jede zurückzuzahlende Schuld-
verschreibung an dem Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zum Transaktions-Rückzahl-
ungsbetrag zuzüglich der bis zum Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
“Transaktion” bezeichnet [Beschreibung der geplanten Transaktion für deren 
Finanzierung die Schuldverschreibungen begeben werden].  
 
“Transaktionskündigungsfrist” bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem [Begebungstag 
einfügen] bis zum [Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen].  
 
“Transaktions-Mitteilung” bezeichnet eine Mitteilung der Emittentin an die Gläubiger 
gemäß Absatz (b) und § 13 innerhalb der Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die 
Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss beendet wurde oder dass die Transaktion aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht durchgeführt wird oder dass Evonik öffentlich erklärt hat, dass 
sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die Transaktion zu verfolgen. Die Transaktions-Mitteilung 
hat ferner den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zu bezeichnen.  
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur vorzeitigen Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen 
nach Eintritt eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse durch Bekanntmachung gemäß 
§ 13 verzichten.  
 
“Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag” bezeichnet pro Schuldverschreibung [●] % pro 
Festgelegte Stückelung.  
 
“Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag” bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-Mitteilung 
festgelegten Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 
Tage nach dem Tag der Transaktions-Mitteilung liegen darf.  
 
(b) 
Die Emittentin hat die Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung gemäß Absatz (a) durch Veröffentlichung einer Bekanntmachung an die 
Gläubiger gemäß § 13 zu erklären. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich und hat folgende 
Angaben zu enthalten:  
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen;  
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob die Schuldverschreibungen ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(iii) 
den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag; und  
 
(iv) 
den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden.  
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
betreffenden zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt.

--- Page 92 ---
86 
 
 
 
 
[Fall die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung des 
Gesamtnennbetrages wiedergegeben.]] 
([●]) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag.  
[(a)] Für die Zwecke des § 5 Absatz (2), entspricht der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer 
Schuldverschreibung dem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen. 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
(b) Für die Zwecke des § 5 Absatz [(3)][(4)][(5)] entspricht der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen (i) dem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen oder (ii), falls höher, dem Abgezinsten 
Marktwert der Schuldverschreibungen. Der “Abgezinste Marktwert” einer Schuldverschreibung 
wird von der Berechnungsstelle errechnet und entspricht dem abgezinsten Wert der Summe des 
Nennbetrages der Schuldverschreibungen und der verbleibenden Zinszahlungen bis zum 
[Fälligkeitstag]. Der abgezinste Wert wird von der Berechnungsstelle errechnet, indem der 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen und die verbleibenden Zinszahlungen bis zum 
[Fälligkeitstag] auf einer jährlichen Basis, bei Annahme eines 365-Tage Jahres bzw. eines 366-
Tages Jahres und der tatsächlichen Anzahl von Tagen, die in einem solchen Jahr abgelaufen 
sind, unter Anwendung der Vergleichbaren Benchmark Rendite zuzüglich [Prozentsatz]% 
abgezinst werden. Die “Vergleichbare Benchmark Rendite” bezeichnet die am Rückzahlungs-
Berechnungstag bestehende Rendite der entsprechenden [Euro-Referenz-Anleihe 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [durch HM Treasury begebenen Sterling-Referenzanleihe des 
Vereinigten Königreichs] [Schweizer Franken-Referenz-Bundesanleihe der Schweizerischen 
Eidgenossenschaft] [Referenz-U.S. Staatsanleihe (US Treasury debt security) in USD] mit einer 
Laufzeit, die mit der verbleibenden Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibung bis zum [Fälligkeitstag] 
vergleichbar ist, und die im Zeitpunkt der Auswahlentscheidung und entsprechend der üblichen 
Finanzmarktpraxis zur Preisbestimmung bei Neuemissionen von Unternehmensanleihen mit 
einer bis zum [Fälligkeitstag] der Schuldverschreibung vergleichbaren Laufzeit verwendet 
werden würde.  
“Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag” 
ist 
der 
dritte 
Zahltag 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call).] 
§ 6 
DIE HAUPTZAHLSTELLE [,][UND] DIE ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte Hauptzahlstelle (die 
“Hauptzahlstelle”)[,] [und] die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle (die “Zahlstelle”) [und die anfänglich 
bestellte Berechnungsstelle (die “Berechnungsstelle”)] und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen 
lauten wie folgt: 
Hauptzahlstelle und Zahlstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Trust & Agency Services  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Berechnungsstelle:] [Namen 
und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle] 
Die Hauptzahlstelle [,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit ihre bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in 
demselben Land zu ersetzen.

--- Page 93 ---
87 
 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung der Hauptzahlstelle oder einer Zahlstelle [oder der Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Hauptzahlstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen [oder eine andere 
Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt [(i)] eine Hauptzahlstelle 
unterhalten [Im Fall von Zahlungen in USD ist Folgendes anwendbar: [,][und] (ii) falls Zahlungen 
bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten aufgrund 
der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in USD widerrechtlich oder 
tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York 
City, Vereinigte Staaten unterhalten] [Falls eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: [und] [ii][(iii)] eine Berechnungsstelle unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem 
eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 13 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden.  
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Die Hauptzahlstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und die 
Berechnungsstelle] handeln ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es 
wird kein 
Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher 
Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von 
oder für Rechnung einer politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder 
Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist die Emittentin gesetzlich zu einem solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug verpflichtet, so wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die “zusätzlichen 
Beträge”) zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt 
oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden Person oder 
sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu 
leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren 
Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, 
oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung 
umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller 
fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 wirksam wird. 
Ungeachtet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 7 sind weder die Emittentin, noch eine 
Zahlstelle oder eine andere Person, die Zahlungen im Namen der Emittentin tätigt, dazu verpflichtet, 
zusätzliche Beträge im Hinblick auf solche Steuern zu zahlen, die gemäß 1471(b) des United States 
Internal Revenue Code von 1986, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung (das “Gesetz”), oder anderweitig 
gemäß den Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des Gesetzes, aufgrund von darunter fallenden Verordnungen 
oder Vereinbarungen, offiziellen Auslegungen dieses Gesetzes oder eines Gesetzes, wodurch ein 
zwischenstaatliches Abkommen dazu umgesetzt wird, erhoben werden.

--- Page 94 ---
88 
 
 
 
Die seit dem 1. Januar 2009 in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geltende Abgeltungsteuer und der 
darauf erhobene Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer oder sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten 
Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens der Emittentin zu zahlen wären. 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung(en) zu kündigen 
und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag zuzüglich (etwaiger) bis zum Tage der 
Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
(a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen unter den Schuldverschreibungen nicht innerhalb von 
15 Tagen nach dem betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls 
die Unterlassung heilbar ist, die Unterlassung jedoch länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Hauptzahlstelle hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(c) 
die Emittentin einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.000 aus einer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 Absatz (2) definiert) oder 
aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die hierfür abgegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei denn, 
die Emittentin bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass die betreffende Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht 
oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder 
falls eine für solche Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für die oder von den daraus 
berechtigten Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird; oder 
(d) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit allgemein bekanntgibt oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt; oder 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet und ein solches Verfahren 
eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist, oder die 
Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt; oder 
(f) 
die Emittentin ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz oder nahezu ganz einstellt, alle oder nahezu alle Teile 
ihres Vermögens veräußert oder anderweitig abgibt und (i) dadurch den Wert ihres Vermögens 
wesentlich vermindert und (ii) es dadurch wahrscheinlich wird, dass die Emittentin ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern unter den Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
mehr erfüllen kann; oder 
(g) die Emittentin liquidiert oder aufgelöst wird, es sei denn, dies geschieht im Rahmen einer 
Restrukturierungsmaßnahme (einschließlich Verschmelzungen und Umwandlungen). 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 9 Absatz (1)(b) und/oder § 9 Absatz (1)(c) wird eine 
Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 9 Absatz (1)(a) und § 9 
Absätzen (1)(d) bis (g) bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei der 
Hauptzahlstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von mindestens 1/10 
der dann ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. 
(3) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigungserklärung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 9 Absatz (1) hat in Textform in deutscher oder englischer Sprache 
zu erfolgen und ist an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle der Hauptzahlstelle zu übermitteln.

--- Page 95 ---
89 
 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von 
Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten definiert) an ihrer Stelle als 
Hauptschuldnerin (die “Nachfolgeschuldnerin”) für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang 
mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die Emittentin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten haben 
und berechtigt sind, an die Hauptzahlstelle die zur Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne 
verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin 
ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen 
oder einzubehalten; 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, 
Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung 
auferlegt werden; 
(d) sichergestellt ist, dass sich die Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus der Negativverpflichtung des 
Debt Issuance Programms der Emittentin auch auf die von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin so 
übernommenen Schuldverschreibungen entsprechend erstrecken; und 
(e) der Hauptzahlstelle jeweils eine Bestätigung bezüglich der betroffenen Rechtsordnungen von 
anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) dieses § 10 erfüllt wurden. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet “verbundenes Unternehmen” ein verbundenes Unternehmen 
im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 13 bekannt zu machen. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung Folgendes: 
(a) in § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf 
das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat);  
(b)  in § 9 Absatz (1)(c) bis (g) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in ihrer 
Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Mit der Zustimmung der Gläubiger durch einen Beschluss mit 
der in § 11 Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit kann die Emittentin die Anleihebedingungen im Hinblick auf 
im Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – 
“SchVG”)zugelassene Gegenstände (abgesehen von der Ersetzung des Emittenten, was 
ausschließlich den in § 10 festgesetzten Regeln unterliegt) ändern. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, 
der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die 
benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu.

--- Page 96 ---
90 
 
 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 75% der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine “qualifizierte Mehrheit”). Beschlüsse, durch welche 
der wesentliche Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und die keinen Gegenstand der 
§ 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen 
Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
(3) Verfahren für Abstimmungen und Abstimmungen ohne Versammlung. Abstimmungen der 
Gläubiger können entweder in einer Gläubigerversammlung oder im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 18 SchVG durchgeführt werden. Der Einberufende wird im Falle der 
Einberufung bestimmen, ob die Abstimmungen in einer Gläubigerversammlung oder im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung durchgeführt werden. Der Antrag für eine Gläubigerversammlung 
oder eine Abstimmung ohne Versammlung wird die näheren Details für die Entscheidungen und das 
Abstimmungsverfahren enthalten. Der Gegenstand der Gläubigerversammlung oder der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung sowie die Entscheidungsvorschläge sollen den Gläubigern zusammen mit dem 
Antrag für eine Gläubigerversammlung oder eine Abstimmung ohne Versammlung mitgeteilt werden. 
Eine Gläubigerversammlung und eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche Versammlung durch die 
Emittentin findet ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 4, Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
(4) 
Leitung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
oder 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung. 
Die 
Gläubigerversammlung oder die Abstimmung ohne Versammlung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
(5) Stimmrecht. Gläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung 
oder der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung zum Zeitpunkt der Gläubigerversammlung oder der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nachweisen durch (a) eine gesonderte Bestätigung der Depotbank 
zusammen mit einer Kopie der Globalurkunde (deren Echtheit von einem ordnungsgemäß 
Bevollmächtigten des Clearing Systems oder der Hauptzahlstelle beglaubigt wurde) und durch die 
Vorlage (b) einer Sperrerklärung der Depotbank zugunsten der Hinterlegungsstelle, aus der sich 
ergibt, dass die jeweiligen Schuldverschreibungen ab (einschließlich) dem Tag der Eintragung bis 
(einschließlich) zu (x) dem Tag der Gläubigerversammlung oder (y) dem Tag an dem die 
Abstimmungsperiode endet nicht übertragbar sind. Diese gesonderte Bestätigung der Depotbank soll 
(i) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthalten, (ii) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen angeben, die an dem Tag der Ausstellung der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierkonto des Gläubigers bei der Depotbank verbucht sind und (iii) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotbank dem Clearing System sowie der Hauptzahlstelle eine schriftliche 
Mitteilung über die Informationen gemäß (i) und (ii) gemacht hat und die Bestätigung des Clearing 
Systems und des jeweiligen Clearing System Kontoinhabers enthalten.  
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter (der “gemeinsame Vertreter”) für alle Gläubiger bestellen. Die Bestellung 
eines gemeinsamen Vertreters muss von einer qualifizierten Mehrheit beschlossen werden, wenn der 
gemeinsame Vertreter ermächtigt wird, wesentlichen materiellen Änderungen der Anleihe-
bedingungen gemäß § 11(2) zuzustimmen.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Anleihebedingungen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [Gemeinsamer Vertreter] (der “gemeinsame Vertreter”). 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur 
Last.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die 
einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter 
den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG.

--- Page 97 ---
91 
 
 
 
§ 12 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls 
mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in 
der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Hauptzahlstelle 
zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse notiert 
und zum Handel am Regulierten Mark (Bourse de Luxembourg) zugelassen sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: (1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch Veröffentlichung im Bundesanzeiger und durch elektronische Publikation auf der 
Website der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag 
der Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel am Regulierten Markt (Bourse de Luxembourg) 
zugelassen sind, findet § 13 Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies 
zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach § 13 Absatz (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einer Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[(2)][(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, müssen in 
Textform erfolgen und zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14 Absatz [(3)][4] 
an die Hauptzahlstelle geleitet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der 
von der Hauptzahlstelle und dem Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten 
der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren (“Rechtsstreitigkeiten”) ist 
das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in 
jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank (wie nachstehend definiert) bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des 
Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter

--- Page 98 ---
92 
 
 
 
(a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original 
eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des Clearing Systems 
bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet “Depotbank” jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das 
berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits 
prozessual zulässig ist. 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst.]

--- Page 99 ---
93 
 
 
 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN  
DEUTSCHSPRACHIGE FASSUNG 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie der Schuldverschreibungen (die “Schuldverschreibungen”) 
der Evonik Industries AG (“Evonik” oder die “Emittentin”) wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die 
“festgelegte Währung”) im Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz (4))] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die 
“festgelegte Stückelung”) begeben. 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die 
“vorläufige Globalurkunde”) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine Dauer-
globalurkunde (die “Dauerglobalurkunde”) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von der 
Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 6 Absatz (1) definiert) oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben und 
das Recht der Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen, die Ausstellung und Lieferung von 
Einzelurkunden zu verlangen, ist ausgeschlossen. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde 
austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute 
oder bestimmte Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). 
Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für 
jede solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach 
dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem § 1 Absatz (3)(b) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch 
für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
(wie in § 1 Absatz (6) definiert) geliefert werden. 
(4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, wird von einem 
oder für ein Clearing System verwahrt. “Clearing System” bedeutet [Bei mehr als einem Clearing 
System ist Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils]: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [,] [und] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg, (“CBL”)] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgien, (“Euroclear”)] [(CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein 
“ICSD” und zusammen die “ICSDs”)] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger.

--- Page 100 ---
94 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer New Global Note (“NGN”) ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.  
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht 
dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs 
(unter denen die Register zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres 
Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrages 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine für zu diesem Zweck von 
einem 
ICSD 
jeweils 
ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bescheinigung des Inhalts des Registers des betreffenden 
ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder Zahlung einer Rückzahlungsrate oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde 
entsprechend in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach dieser Eintragung 
vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten 
abgezogen wird. 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs 
entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die 
Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer Classical Global Note (“CGN”) ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle 
im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
“Gläubiger” 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(6) Definierte Begriffe. Die folgenden definierten Begriffe haben die ihnen nachfolgend zugewiesene 
Bedeutung:  
[“USD” bedeutet die offizielle Währung der Vereinigten Staaten; und] 
“Vereinigte Staaten” bezeichnet die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, 
der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen der 
Emittentin ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen dem Clearing System oder an dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, (a) 
keine Sicherheiten an ihrem Vermögen für gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Kapitalmarkt-
verbindlichkeiten einschließlich Garantien oder andere Gewährleistungen dafür zu gewähren oder 
fortbestehen zu lassen, und (b) sicherzustellen (in dem rechtlich zulässigen Rahmen), dass keine 
ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften Sicherheiten an ihrem Vermögen für gegenwärtige oder 
zukünftige Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten einschließlich Garantien oder andere Gewährleistungen 
dafür bestellt oder fortbestehen lässt, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur gleichen Zeit oder zu einem

--- Page 101 ---
95 
 
 
 
früheren Zeitpunkt an solchen Sicherheiten oder an solchen anderen Sicherheiten, die von einem 
internationalen angesehenen unabhängigen Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige Sicherheit anerkannt 
werden, im gleichen Rang und gleichem Verhältnis teilnehmen zu lassen. Eine Sicherheit, die im 
Sinne des vorstehenden Satzes gewährt werden muss, kann auch einem Treuhänder zu Gunsten 
der Gläubiger gewährt werden. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Anleihebedingungen: 
“Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft” bezeichnet jede Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend 
definiert), wobei eine Gesellschaft, die keine Tochtergesellschaft mehr ist, auch nicht mehr als 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft gilt, deren nicht konsolidierte Bilanzsumme einem Anteil von fünf (5) 
Prozent oder mehr der konsolidierten Bilanzsumme von Evonik entspricht. 
Für diesen Zweck: 
(i) 
wird die Bilanzsumme einer Tochtergesellschaft von Evonik nach deren Abschluss (nicht 
konsolidiert, sofern diese Gesellschaft selbst Tochtergesellschaften hat) bestimmt, auf dem der 
letzte verfügbare geprüfte konsolidierte Jahresabschluss von Evonik beruht, 
(ii) wird in Fällen, in denen eine Gesellschaft nach dem Datum, zu dem der letzte verfügbare 
geprüfte konsolidierte Jahresabschluss von Evonik aufgestellt wurde, Teil der Evonik Gruppe 
wird, die Bilanzsumme dieser Tochtergesellschaft nach deren letztem Jahresabschluss (nicht 
konsolidiert, sofern diese Gesellschaft selbst Tochtergesellschaften hat) bestimmt, 
(iii) wird die konsolidierte Bilanzsumme von Evonik nach dem letzten verfügbaren geprüften 
konsolidierten Jahresabschluss von Evonik bestimmt, gegebenenfalls so angepasst, dass die 
Bilanzsumme einer danach erworbenen oder veräußerten Gesellschaft oder eines danach 
erworbenen oder veräußerten Geschäftsbetriebs berücksichtigt wird, und 
(iv) gilt in Fällen, in denen eine Tochtergesellschaft (die “Veräußernde Tochtergesellschaft”), 
welche die vorstehend genannten Voraussetzungen erfüllt, alle oder im Wesentlichen alle ihre 
Vermögensgegenstände an eine andere Tochtergesellschaft von Evonik (die “Erwerbende 
Tochtergesellschaft”) veräußert, die Veräußernde Tochtergesellschaft unverzüglich nicht mehr 
als Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft und gilt die Erwerbende Tochtergesellschaft mit sofortiger 
Wirkung als Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft (falls sie dies nicht bereits ist); die anschließend 
aufgestellten Jahresabschlüsse dieser Tochtergesellschaften und von Evonik werden zur 
Bestimmung der Frage herangezogen, ob es sich bei diesen Tochtergesellschaften weiterhin 
um Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaften (bzw. keine Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften) 
handelt oder nicht. 
Bei Uneinigkeit über die Frage, ob es sich bei einer Gesellschaft um eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft handelt oder nicht, gilt eine Bestätigung der Abschlussprüfer von Evonik, außer 
im Falle eines offenkundigen Fehlers, als schlüssiger Nachweis. 
“Tochtergesellschaft” bezeichnet für einen bestimmten Zeitpunkt jedes ausweislich des letzten 
geprüften Konzernabschlusses von Evonik voll konsolidierte Unternehmen (einschließlich jedes 
Unternehmens, welches in einem solchen Abschluss voll zu konsolidieren wäre, wenn der Abschluss 
zu dem jeweils anwendbaren Zeitpunkt erstellt würde, aber ausschließlich aller Unternehmen, die in 
einem solchen Abschluss nicht mehr voll zu konsolidieren wären, wenn der Abschluss zu dem 
jeweils anwendbaren Zeitpunkt erstellt würde). 
“Evonik Gruppe” bezeichnet Evonik und ihre jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaften, betrachtet als 
Ganzes. 
“Sicherheit” bezeichnet ein auf vertraglicher Grundlage gewährtes Grund- oder Mobiliarpfandrecht. 
“Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit” bezeichnet jede Verbindlichkeit der Emittentin hinsichtlich der 
Rückzahlung aufgenommener Geldbeträge, (i) die durch Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige 
Wertpapiere mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die an einer Börse oder an 
einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder gehandelt werden oder werden können, 
verbrieft oder verkörpert ist, oder (ii) aus einem Schuldschein bzw. Schuldscheindarlehen mit einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr.

--- Page 102 ---
96 
 
 
 
Um etwaige Zweifel bezüglich “asset-backed Finanzierungen” der Emittentin oder ihrer Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften zu vermeiden, schließen die in diesem § 2 benutzten Begriffe “Vermögen” und 
“Kapitalverbindlichkeiten” nicht solche Vermögensgegenstände und Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
und ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften ein, die bei Abschluss der jeweiligen Transaktion im 
Einklang mit den jeweils anwendbaren Gesetzen und den bezüglich der Emittentin in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland bzw. bezüglich ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften den in der 
Jurisdiktion, in der diese ansässig sind, anerkannten Regeln der Bilanzierung und Buchführung nicht 
in der Bilanz der Emittentin bzw. ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften ausgewiesen werden 
mussten und darin auch nicht ausgewiesen werden. 
(3) Umfang der Negativverpflichtung. § 2 Absatz (2) gilt nicht in Bezug auf Sicherheiten, die als 
Sicherheit für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten oder Garantien oder anderen Gewährleistungen dafür 
gewährt wurden,  
(a)  von einer Person, die nach dem Begebungstag der Schuldverschreibungen mit der Emittentin 
verschmolzen wird, und (i) die (aa) bereits zu dem Zeitpunkt bestanden, an dem diese Person 
mit der Emittentin verschmolzen wird und die (bb) nicht im Hinblick darauf bestellt wurden, dass 
diese Person mit der Emittentin verschmolzen wird und (ii) für die der besicherte Kapitalbetrag 
nicht nach dem Zeitpunkt erhöht wird, an dem diese Person mit der Emittentin verschmolzen 
wird;  
(b)  die kraft Gesetzes entstehen oder die aufgrund eines gesetzlichen Anspruchs nach dem 
Aktiengesetz oder nach dem Umwandlungsgesetz oder nach vergleichbaren Regelungen einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung zu bestellen sind; oder 
(c) die auf einem Vermögensgegenstand zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs durch die Emittentin lasten.  
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
(1) Zinszahlungstage.  
(a) Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (der “Verzinsungsbeginn”) (einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungs-
tag (ausschließlich) und danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. Zinsen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen sind an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
(b) “Zinszahlungstag” bedeutet 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen ist Folgendes anwendbar: jeder [festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstag(e)].] 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden ist Folgendes anwendbar: (soweit diese 
Anleihebedingungen keine abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils der Tag, der [Zahl] 
[Wochen][Monate] nach dem vorhergehenden Zinszahlungstag, oder im Fall des ersten 
Zinszahlungstages, nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.] 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, 
so wird der Zinszahlungstag 
[Im Fall der modifizierten folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[Im Fall der FRN-Konvention ist Folgendes anwendbar: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag der jeweils letzte 
Geschäftstag des Monats, der [Zahl] Monate nach dem vorhergehenden anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag liegt.]

--- Page 103 ---
97 
 
 
 
[Im Fall der folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention ist Folgendes anwendbar: auf den 
nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben.] 
(d) “Geschäftstag” bezeichnet 
[Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro und nicht Renminbi ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken 
allgemein für Geschäfte in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet sind, Devisenmärkte und 
Zahlungen in [relevantes Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln und das Clearing System geöffnet 
ist[.][und]] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren festgelegte Währung Renminbi ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag, Sonntag oder Feiertag), an dem 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte am jeweiligen Vorlegungsort für den Geschäftsverkehr 
geöffnet sind, sowie einen Tag, an dem Geschäftsbanken in Hongkong (wie nachstehend 
definiert) für den Geschäftsverkehr und die Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Renminbi geöffnet 
sind, und einen Tag[.] [und]] 
[Falls das Clearing System und TARGET offen sein müssen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) an dem das Clearing System sowie alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system 2 (“TARGET”) offen sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln]. 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung EURIBOR ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: (2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der “Zinssatz”) für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird der Angebotssatz, 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, der auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) gegen 
11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend 
definiert)], [vorbehaltlich einer Mindestverzinsung von 0,00 % per annum,] wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
“Zinsperiode” bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
“Zinsfestlegungstag” bezeichnet den zweiten TARGET Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. “TARGET-Geschäftstag” bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem alle betroffenen Bereiche von 
TARGET (Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer system 2) offen 
sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
[Die “Marge” beträgt [●]% per annum.] 
“Bildschirmseite” bedeutet Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder die jeweilige Nachfolgeseite, 
die vom selben System angezeigt wird oder aber von einem anderen System, das zum Vertreiber von 
Informationen zum Zwecke der Anzeigen von Sätzen oder Preisen ernannt wurde, die dem 
betreffenden Angebotssatz vergleichbar sind. 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit 
kein Angebotssatz angezeigt und liegt keine Ersetzung des Angebotssatzes im Falle eines 
Einstellungsereignisses (wie nachstehend in Absatz (3) definiert) vor, wird die Emittentin die 
Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) bitten, deren jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als 
Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode und über einen repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden Banken im Interbanken-
Markt in der Euro-Zone um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) am Zinsfestlegungstag der 
Berechnungsstelle mitzuteilen. Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche 
Angebotssätze nennen, ist der Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel (falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 
aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze [[zuzüglich][abzüglich] der Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.

--- Page 104 ---
98 
 
 
 
Falls an einem Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle 
solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotssätze nennt, ist der Zinssatz für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel 
(falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 
aufgerundet wird) der Angebotssätze ermittelt, die von der Emittentin ausgewählten Großbanken im 
Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-Zone der Berechnungsstelle auf ihre Anfrage als den jeweiligen Satz 
nennen, zu dem sie um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) am betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag 
Darlehen in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen repräsentativen 
Betrag gegenüber führenden Europäischen Banken anbieten [[zuzüglich][abzüglich] der Marge]. 
Falls der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen ermittelt werden kann, ist der 
Zinssatz der Angebotssatz auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag 
vor dem Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] 
der Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
“Euro-Zone” bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die gemäß 
dem Vertrag über die Gründung der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 
1957), geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 
7. Februar 1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 2007, in seiner jeweiligen Fassung, eine einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
“repräsentativer Betrag” bedeutet ein Betrag, der zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem jeweiligen Markt für 
eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
“Referenzbanken” bezeichnet vier Großbanken im Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-Zone.] 
[[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung EURIBOR, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: (3) Ersetzung des Angebotssatzes im Fall eines Einstellungsereignisses. Wenn die 
Emittentin feststellt, dass (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den Angebotssatz nicht mehr 
verwenden darf, (ii) der Administrator des Angebotssatzes die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des 
Angebotssatzes dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des 
Angebotssatzes zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder 
ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- 
oder Regulierungsbehörde eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der Angebotssatz anderweitig eingestellt ist 
oder auf andere Weise nicht mehr zur Verfügung gestellt wird ((i) bis (iv) jeweils ein 
“Einstellungsereignis”), 
soll 
der 
Angebotssatz 
durch 
einen 
von 
einem 
Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen (wie untenstehend definiert) wie folgt bestimmten Zinssatz, ersetzt werden (der 
“Nachfolge-Referenzsatz”): 
Der Unabhängige Sachverständige wird nach billigem Ermessen einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
bestimmen, der am ehesten mit dem Angebotssatz vergleichbar ist, wobei der Unabhängige 
Sachverständige einen branchenweit als am ehesten mit dem Angebotssatz vergleichbar 
akzeptierten Referenzsatz als Nachfolge-Referenzsatz bestimmen muss, und eine Bildschirmseite 
bestimmen, die in Verbindung mit dem Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwendet werden soll, vorbehaltlich, 
dass die bestimmte Bildschirmseite von der Berechnungsstelle akzeptiert wurde (die “Nachfolge-
Bildschirmseite”). 
Jegliche Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite in diesem Dokument gilt ab dem Datum der Festlegung 
eines Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite und die 
Regelungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Der Unabhängige Sachverständige wird die 
Emittentin und die Berechnungsstelle bis spätestens 10 Tage vor dem Zinsfeststellungstag über 
solche Festlegungen informieren. Die Berechnungsstelle informiert die Emittentin unverzüglich, falls 
die Berechnungsstelle aus rechtlichen oder tatsächlichen Gründen den Nachfolge-Referenzsatz oder 
die Bildschirmseite nicht verwenden kann, ansonsten gelten die Festlegungen als von der 
Berechnungsstelle akzeptiert. Darüber hinaus darf eine Ablehnung der Festlegungen nur aus 
wichtigem Grund seitens der Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. Vorbehaltlich der Akzeptanz der 
Berechnungsstelle, wird die Emittentin anschließend die Gläubiger und die Berechnungsstelle gemäß 
§ 13 über diese Festlungen informieren.

--- Page 105 ---
99 
 
 
 
Sollte der Unabhängige Sachverständige innerhalb von [30] [●] Tagen nach seiner Bestellung keinen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz ermittelt haben, hat er dies der Emittentin unverzüglich mitzuteilen. Nach 
Erhalt einer solchen Mitteilung oder im Fall, dass die Emittentin trotz Bemühens nach besten Kräften 
innerhalb von [30] [●] Tagen nach Bekanntwerden des Einstellungsereignisses keinen unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen bestellen kann, ist sie zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
berechtigt. Eine solche Kündigung wird den Gläubigern von der Emittentin gemäß § 13 mitgeteilt. In 
dieser Mitteilung muss enthalten sein: 
(i) die Serie von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Kündigung betroffen sind; und 
(ii) das Rückzahlungsdatum, welches nicht weniger als [Anzahl der Tage/Target-Geschäftstage] 
[Tage] [Target-Geschäftstage] nach dem Datum sein darf, an dem die Mitteilung der Emittentin an die 
Gläubiger erfolgt ist. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin entscheidet die Schuldverschreibungen zu kündigen oder nicht vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen oder wenn die Emittentin oder der Unabhängige Sachverständige bis spätestens 10 
Tage vor dem Feststellungstag nicht in der Lage sind, die Berechnungsstelle über den Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatz zu benachrichtigen, ist der Zinssatz der Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische Mittel 
der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere 
Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der 
Marge für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich des 
Referenzzinssatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der ermittelte Angebotssatz einen negativen 
Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so dass er die Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt 
stets mindestens 0 (Null). 
“Unabhängiger Sachverständiger” bezeichnet eine unabhängige international anerkannte Bank 
oder einen unabhängigen Finanzberater mit einschlägiger Expertise, die bzw. der von der Emittentin 
auf eigene Kosten bestellt wird.] 
(4) Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der 
Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf die 
festgelegte Stückelung (der “Zinsbetrag”) für die entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf 
die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste 
Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet 
werden. 
(5) Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der betreffende 
Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls 
später als am vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils folgenden [TARGET-] [relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en) ]Geschäftstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (2) definiert) sowie jeder Börse, an der die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst nach der Bestimmung, aber keinesfalls später als 
am ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder 
Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne 
Vorankündigung nachträglich geändert (oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) 
werden. Jede solche Änderung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, sowie den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 13 mitgeteilt. 
(6) 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle 
für die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht 
ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Hauptzahlstelle, die Zahlstellen und die 
Gläubiger bindend.

--- Page 106 ---
100 
 
 
 
(7) Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
erfolgt die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der Fälligkeit bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen. Der jeweils geltende Zinssatz ist der 
gesetzlich festgelegte Satz für Verzugszinsen (§ 288 BGB). 
(8) Zinstagequotient. “Zinstagequotient” bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der “Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum”): 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual 365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) oder A/365F ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt 
durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 ist Folgendes anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch 360.] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1)(a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4 Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder an 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
(b)  Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe 
von § 4 Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder an dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von § 4 Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder an dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach 
ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz (3)(b). 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Währung [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren festgelegte Währung RMB ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: oder im USD-Gegenwert (wie in § 4 Absatz (7) definiert) durch 
Überweisung nach Maßgabe der Anleihebedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen]. 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder an 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
[Falls “ohne Anpassung” gilt, einfügen: (4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger lediglich 
Anspruch auf Zahlung gemäß § 3 (1)(c). Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder 
sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet “Zahltag” einen Tag, der ein Geschäftstag ist.]  
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital 
der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen [Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Eintritt eines transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses zum Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt Folgendes:, den Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag,] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am 
Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern 
nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, 
und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der

--- Page 107 ---
101 
 
 
 
Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, deren festgelegte Währung RMB ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: (7) Zahlungen auf Schuldverschreibungen, deren festgelegte Währung RMB ist. Ist die 
Emittentin unbeschadet des Vorstehenden aufgrund Fehlender Konvertierbarkeit, Fehlender 
Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität nicht in der Lage, Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit in Renminbi in Hongkong zu leisten, kann sie die jeweilige 
Zahlung in USD am jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag als einen dem jeweiligen auf Renminbi lautenden Betrag 
entsprechenden Gegenwert in USD leisten. Nach der Feststellung, dass ein Fall der Fehlenden 
Konvertierbarkeit, Fehlenden Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität vorliegt, hat die Emittentin spätestens 
um 10.00 Uhr (Hongkonger Zeit) zwei Geschäftstage vor dem Kurs-Feststellungstag die 
Hauptzahlstelle, die Berechnungsstelle und das Clearing System davon zu unterrichten. Zusätzlich 
wird die Emittentin den Gläubigern sobald wie möglich von der Feststellung gemäß § 13 Mitteilung 
machen. Der Empfang einer solchen Mitteilung ist kein Erfordernis für Zahlungen in USD. 
In diesem Falle erfolgen etwaige Zahlungen in USD per Überweisung auf ein auf USD lautendes 
Konto, das von dem Zahlungsempfänger bei einer Bank in New York City, Vereinigte Staaten 
unterhalten wird, oder durch einen auf eine Bank in New York City, Vereinigte Staaten ausgestellten 
auf USD lautenden Scheck, oder nach Wahl des Gläubigers durch Überweisung auf ein auf USD 
lautendes Konto, das vom Gläubiger bei einer Bank in New York City, Vereinigte Staaten unterhalten 
wird, und “Zahltag” bezeichnet für die Zwecke von § 4 Absatz (4) einen Tag, an dem (i) das Clearing 
System und (ii) Banken und Devisenmärkte für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr am jeweiligen 
Vorlegungsort, London und New York City, Vereinigte Staaten, geöffnet sind.  
Für die Zwecke dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten folgende Begriffsbestimmungen: 
“Berechnungsstelle” bezeichnet [Namen der Berechnungsstelle einfügen]. 
“Kurs-Feststellungs-Geschäftstag” bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an dem Geschäftsbanken für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich Devisengeschäften) 
in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet sind. 
“Kurs-Feststellungstag” bezeichnet den Tag, der fünf Kurs-Feststellungs-Geschäftstage vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag der Zahlung des jeweiligen Betrags gemäß dieser Anleihebedingungen liegt. 
“Staatliche Stelle” bezeichnet alle de facto oder de jure staatlichen Regierungen (einschließlich der 
dazu gehörenden Behörden oder Organe), Gerichte, rechtsprechenden, verwaltungsbehördlichen 
oder sonstigen staatlichen Stellen und alle sonstigen (privatrechtlichen oder öffentlich-rechtlichen) 
Personen (einschließlich der jeweiligen Zentralbank), die mit Aufsichtsfunktionen über die 
Finanzmärkte in Hongkong betraut sind. 
“Hongkong” bezeichnet die Sonderverwaltungszone Hongkong der VRC. 
“Illiquidität” bezeichnet die Illiquidität des allgemeinen Renminbi-Devisenmarkts in Hongkong, 
infolgedessen die Emittentin nicht die ausreichende Menge an Renminbi zur Erfüllung ihrer Zins- 
oder Kapitalzahlungen (ganz oder teilweise) in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erhalten kann, 
wie von der Emittentin nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich angemessener Weise nach 
Konsultation mit zwei Renminbi-Händlern festgelegt. 
“Fehlende Konvertierbarkeit” bezeichnet den Eintritt eines Ereignisses, das die Umwandlung eines 
fälligen Betrags in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Renminbi durch die Emittentin am 
allgemeinen Renminbi-Devisenmarkt in Hongkong unmöglich macht, sofern diese Unmöglichkeit 
nicht ausschließlich auf eine Nichteinhaltung von Gesetzen, Verordnungen oder Vorschriften einer 
Staatlichen Stelle seitens der Emittentin zurückzuführen ist (es sei denn, die betreffenden Gesetze, 
Verordnungen oder Vorschriften werden nach dem Begebungstag verabschiedet bzw. erlassen und 
ihre Einhaltung ist der Emittentin aufgrund eines außerhalb ihres Einflussbereichs liegenden 
Ereignisses nicht möglich). 
“Fehlende Übertragbarkeit” bezeichnet den Eintritt eines Ereignisses, das eine Überweisung von 
Renminbi zwischen Konten innerhalb Hongkongs oder von einem Konto in Hongkong auf ein Konto 
außerhalb Hongkongs und der VRC oder von einem Konto außerhalb Hongkongs und der VRC auf 
ein Konto innerhalb Hongkongs durch die Emittentin unmöglich macht, sofern diese Unmöglichkeit 
nicht ausschließlich auf eine Nichteinhaltung von Gesetzen, Verordnungen oder Vorschriften einer

--- Page 108 ---
102 
 
 
 
Staatlichen Stelle seitens der Emittentin zurückzuführen ist (es sei denn, die betreffenden Gesetze, 
Verordnungen oder Vorschriften werden nach dem Begebungstag verabschiedet bzw. erlassen und 
ihre Einhaltung ist der Emittentin aufgrund eines außerhalb ihres Einflussbereichs liegenden 
Ereignisses nicht möglich). 
“VRC” 
bezeichnet 
die 
Volksrepublik 
China, 
wobei 
dieser 
Begriff 
für 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen Hongkong, die Sonderverwaltungszone Macao der Volksrepublik China und 
Taiwan ausschließt. 
“Renminbi-Händler” 
bezeichnet 
einen 
unabhängigen 
Devisenhändler 
mit 
internationalem 
Renommee, der auf dem Renminbi-Devisenmarkt in Hongkong tätig ist. 
“Kassakurs” bezeichnet das arithmetische Mittel zwischen Geld- und Briefkurs zwischen U.S.-Dollar 
und Renminbi für den Kauf von U.S.-Dollar mit Renminbi auf dem außerbörslichen Renminbi 
Devisenmarkt in Hongkong mit Abwicklung nach zwei Kurs-Feststellungs-Geschäftstagen zu dem 
von der Berechnungsstelle am Kurs-Feststellungstag um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Hongkong Zeit), (i) unter der 
Annahme einer tatsächlichen Abwicklung, unter Heranziehung der auf der Bildschirmseite 
TRADCNY3 von Reuters unter der Spalte USD/CNH festgelegten Kurse, oder, (ii) sofern solche 
Kurse nicht zur Verfügung stehen, unter der Annahme eines synthetischen Geschäfts, unter 
Heranziehung der Bildschirmseite TRADNDF von Reuters. (iii) Sofern keiner dieser Kurse verfügbar 
ist, wird die Berechnungsstelle den Kassakurs um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Hongkong Zeit) am Kurs-
Feststellungstag als aktuellsten verfügbaren offiziellen U.S.-Dollar/RMB Kurs für Abwicklungen an 
zwei Kurs-Feststellungs-Geschäftstagen, wie vom staatlichen Devisenamt der Volksrepublik China 
(State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China) veröffentlicht, der auf 
der Bildschirmseite CNY=SAEC von Reuters veröffentlicht wird, bestimmen. Eine Bezugnahme auf 
eine Seite auf dem Reuters-Bildschirm bedeutet die bei Reuters Monitor Money Rate Service (oder 
eines Nachfolgedienstes) so bezeichnete Anzeigeseite oder eine andere Seite, die diese 
Anzeigeseite zum Zwecke der Anzeige eines vergleichbaren Devisenkurses ersetzt. 
Falls keiner der vorstehend unter (i) bis (iii) genannten Kurse verfügbar ist, soll die Emittentin den 
Kassakurs nach ihrem eigenen vernünftigen Ermessen und in einer wirtschaftlich vernünftigen Art 
und Weise und unter Berücksichtigung der jeweiligen Marktpraxis bestimmen. 
“USD-Gegenwert” eines Renminbi-Betrags bezeichnet den in USD anhand des Kassakurses für den 
jeweiligen Kurs-Feststellungstag umgewandelten jeweiligen Renminbi-Betrag, wie von der 
Berechnungsstelle um oder ungefähr um 11.00 Uhr (Hongkonger Zeit) an dem Kurs-Feststellungstag 
bestimmt und der Emittentin und der Zahlstelle unverzüglich angezeigt. 
Alle Mitteilungen, Auffassungen, Feststellungen, Bescheinigungen, Berechnungen, Kursnotierungen 
und Entscheidungen, die für die Zwecke der Bestimmungen von § 4 Absatz (7) von der 
Berechnungsstelle oder der Emittentin abgegeben, zum Ausdruck gebracht, vorgenommen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (außer in Fällen von Vorsatz, Arglist oder offenkundigen Fehlern) für die 
Emittentin und alle Gläubiger verbindlich.] 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem 
in den [Rückzahlungsmonat] fallenden Zinszahlungstag (der “Fälligkeitstag”) zurückgezahlt. Der 
“Rückzahlungsbetrag” in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibung.

--- Page 109 ---
103 
 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen können 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber der Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 13 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt 
werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder 
Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 
Absatz (1) definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) 
verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen vernünftiger, der Emittentin 
zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen Termin 
erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine 
Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
nicht mehr wirksam ist. Der für die Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin muss ein Zinszahlungstag sein. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 13 zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche 
die das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
[Falls die Gläubiger das Wahlrecht haben, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig aufgrund 
eines Kontrollwechsels zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
(3) 
Kontrollwechsel. 
Tritt 
ein 
Kontrollwechsel 
ein 
und 
kommt 
es 
innerhalb 
des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu einer Absenkung des Ratings auf Grund des Kontrollwechsels 
(zusammen, ein “Rückzahlungsereignis”), hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht (sofern nicht die 
Emittentin, bevor die nachstehend beschriebene Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen nach § 5 Absatz (2) angezeigt hat), die Rückzahlung seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin zum Nennbetrag, zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen, am Rückzahlungstag zu verlangen. 
Nachdem die Emittentin von einem Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis erlangt hat, wird sie unverzüglich 
den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 Mitteilung vom Rückzahlungsereignis machen (eine “Rückzahlungs-
mitteilung”), in der die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses sowie das Verfahren für die 
Ausübung des in diesem § 5 Absatz (3) genannten Wahlrechts angegeben sind. 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der Gläubiger während der normalen Geschäftsstunden 
innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 45 Tagen, nachdem die Rückzahlungsmitteilung veröffentlicht wurde 
(der “Ausübungszeitraum”), eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte Ausübungserklärung in Textform bei 
der angegebenen Niederlassung der Hauptzahlstelle einreichen (die “Ausübungserklärung”), die in 
ihrer jeweils maßgeblichen Form bei der angegebenen Niederlassung der Hauptzahlstelle erhältlich 
ist. Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann nicht ohne vorherige Zustimmung der Emittentin widerrufen 
oder zurückgezogen werden. 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
Gilt eine “Absenkung des Ratings” in Bezug auf einen Kontrollwechsel als eingetreten, wenn 
innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums sämtliche vorher für Evonik oder die Schuldverschreibungen 
vergebene Ratings der Ratingagenturen (i) zurückgezogen oder (ii) von einem existierenden 
Investment Grade Rating (BBB- von S&P/Baa3 von Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder besser) 
in ein non-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ von S&P/Ba1 von Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder 
schlechter) geändert werden; 
gilt ein “Kontrollwechsel” als eingetreten, wenn eine Person (außer der RAG-Stiftung, Essen, 
Deutschland oder eine (direkte oder indirekte) Tochtergesellschaft der RAG-Stiftung) oder Personen, 
die ihr Verhalten aufeinander abgestimmt haben, direkt oder indirekt mehr als fünfzig (50) Prozent 
der Stimmrechte von Evonik erwerben;

--- Page 110 ---
104 
 
 
 
ist der “Kontrollwechselzeitraum” der Zeitraum, der mit dem Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels beginnt 
und 90 Tage nach dem Eintritt eines Kontrollwechsels endet; 
gelten “Personen, die ihr Verhalten aufeinander abgestimmt haben” als Personen, die ihr 
Verhalten i.S.d. § 30 Absatz (2) WpÜG aufeinander abgestimmt haben, es sei denn, die RAG-
Stiftung, Essen, Deutschland und/oder eine (direkte oder indirekte) Tochtergesellschaft der RAG-
Stiftung (zusammen die “RAG-Stiftung Unternehmen”) stimmen ihr Verhalten mit einer anderen 
Person(en) ab; In diesem Fall gelten die RAG-Stiftung Unternehmen und die andere(n) Person(en) 
nicht als Personen, die ihr Verhalten aufeinander abgestimmt haben, wenn die RAG-Stiftung 
Unternehmen gemeinsam insgesamt mehr Stimmrechte an Evonik halten als alle anderen Personen, 
die ihr Verhalten mit ihnen abgestimmt haben; 
bezeichnet “Ratingagentur” jede Ratingagentur von Standard and Poor's Rating Services, eine 
Abteilung von The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (“S&P”) und Moody's Investors Service (“Moody’s”) 
oder eine ihrer jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere von Evonik von Zeit zu Zeit 
bestimmte Ratingagentur vergleichbaren internationalen Ansehens; 
ist der “Rückzahlungstag” der fünfzehnte Tag nach dem letzten Tag des Ausübungszeitraums; und 
ist eine “Tochtergesellschaft der RAG-Stiftung” eine Gesellschaft, 
(a)  die von der RAG-Stiftung, Essen, Deutschland im Sinne von § 17 des Aktiengesetzes direkt 
oder indirekt kontrolliert wird; 
(b)  von deren ausgegebenen Anteilen und/oder Stimmrechten direkt oder indirekt mehr als die 
Hälfte von der RAG-Stiftung, Essen, Deutschland gehalten werden; oder 
(c) 
die eine Tochtergesellschaft im Sinne von Absatz (a) oder Absatz (b) einer anderen 
Tochtergesellschaft der RAG-Stiftung ist.] 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
[(3)][(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt oder teilweise am [Zahl] Jahre nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag und danach an jedem darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag (jeder ein “Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call)”) zum Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Wahlrechts nach § 5 Absatz [(4)][(5)] verlangt hat.] 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 13 
bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 
Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen 
darf. 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. [Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den 
Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als

--- Page 111 ---
105 
 
 
 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar:  
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts 
durch den Gläubiger am [Zahl] Jahre nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn folgenden Zinszahlungstag 
und danach an jedem darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag (jeder ein “Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put)”) zum Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt 
hat. 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr 
als 60 Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der Wahl-
Rückzahlungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle der Hauptzahlstelle eine Mitteilung in Textform zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
(“Wahl-Rückzahlungserklärung”) zu übermitteln. Falls die Wahl-Rückzahlungserklärung nach 
17.00 Uhr Frankfurt am Main Zeit am 30. Zahltag vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, 
ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die Wahl-Rückzahlungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) 
den gesamten Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird 
und (ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Für die 
Wahl-Rückzahlungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
der Hauptzahlstelle in deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise 
enthält, verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, 
erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringfügig ausstehendem 
Nennbetrag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
([●]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringfügig ausstehendem Nennbetrag. 
Wenn [75][anderen Prozentsatz einfügen] % oder mehr des Nennbetrags der dann ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Evonik oder ein anderes Mitglied der Evonik Gruppe zurückgezahlt 
oder zurückerworben wurden, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, jederzeit nach ihrer Wahl alle 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen (außer Schuldverschreibungen, deren Rückzahlung bereits 
von Gläubigern durch Ausübung ihrer Rückzahlungsoption gemäß § 5(3) verlangt wurde) insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 
60 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig zu 
kündigen und zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurück zu zahlen.] 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen bei Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen 
Ereignisses 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, gilt Folgendes:  
[()] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines transaktionsbezogenen 
Ereignisses.  
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt oder teilweise) 
durch eine Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den nachstehend aufgeführten Bedingungen 
und gemäß Absatz (b) mit Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
Satz 
1 
ausübt, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
jede 
zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibung an dem Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zum Transaktions-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.

--- Page 112 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
“Transaktion” bezeichnet [Beschreibung der geplanten Transaktion für deren 
Finanzierung die Schuldverschreibungen begeben werden].  
 
“Transaktionskündigungsfrist” bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem [Begebungstag 
einfügen] bis zum [Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen].  
 
“Transaktions-Mitteilung” bezeichnet eine Mitteilung der Emittentin an die Gläubiger 
gemäß Absatz (b) und § 13 innerhalb der Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die 
Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss beendet wurde oder dass die Transaktion aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht durchgeführt wird oder dass Evonik öffentlich erklärt hat, dass 
sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die Transaktion zu verfolgen. Die Transaktions-Mitteilung 
hat ferner den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zu bezeichnen.  
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur vorzeitigen Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen 
nach Eintritt eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse durch Bekanntmachung gemäß § 
13 verzichten.  
 
“Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag” bezeichnet pro Schuldverschreibung [●] % pro 
Festgelegte Stückelung.  
 
“Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag” bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-Mitteilung 
festgelegten Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 
Tage nach dem Tag der Transaktions-Mitteilung liegen darf.  
 
(b) 
Die Emittentin hat die Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung gemäß Absatz (a) durch Veröffentlichung einer Bekanntmachung an die 
Gläubiger gemäß § 13 zu erklären. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich und hat folgende 
Angaben zu enthalten:  
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen;  
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob die Schuldverschreibungen ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(iii) 
den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag; und  
 
(iv) 
den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden.  
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
betreffenden zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt.  
 
[Fall die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung des 
Gesamtnennbetrages wiedergegeben.]]

--- Page 113 ---
107 
 
 
 
§ 6 
DIE HAUPTZAHLSTELLE, DIE ZAHLSTELLE UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte Hauptzahlstelle (die 
“Hauptzahlstelle”), die anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle (die “Zahlstelle”) und die anfänglich bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle (die “Berechnungsstelle”) und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen lauten wie 
folgt: 
Hauptzahlstelle und Zahlstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Trust & Agency Services  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
Berechnungsstelle:  
[Namen und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle einfügen] 
Die Hauptzahlstelle, die Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben 
Land zu ersetzen. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung der Hauptzahlstelle oder einer Zahlstelle oder der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Hauptzahlstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder eine andere 
Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine Hauptzahlstelle 
unterhalten [Im Fall von Zahlungen in USD ist Folgendes anwendbar:, (ii) falls Zahlungen bei den 
oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten aufgrund der 
Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in USD widerrechtlich oder 
tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York 
City, Vereinigte Staaten unterhalten] und [ii][(iii)] eine Berechnungsstelle unterhalten. Eine Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem 
eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 13 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden.  
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Die Hauptzahlstelle, die Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle 
handeln 
ausschließlich 
als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher 
Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von 
oder für Rechnung einer politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder 
Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist die Emittentin gesetzlich zu einem solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug verpflichtet, so wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die “zusätzlichen 
Beträge”) zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt 
oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden Person oder 
sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu 
leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder

--- Page 114 ---
108 
 
 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; 
oder 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren 
Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, 
oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung 
umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller 
fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 wirksam wird. 
Ungeachtet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 7 sind weder die Emittentin, noch eine 
Zahlstelle oder eine andere Person, die Zahlungen im Namen der Emittentin tätigt, dazu verpflichtet, 
zusätzliche Beträge im Hinblick auf solche Steuern zu zahlen, die gemäß 1471(b) des United States 
Internal Revenue Code von 1986, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung (das “Gesetz”), oder anderweitig 
gemäß den Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des Gesetzes, aufgrund von darunter fallenden 
Verordnungen oder Vereinbarungen, offiziellen Auslegungen dieses Gesetzes oder eines Gesetzes, 
wodurch ein zwischenstaatliches Abkommen dazu umgesetzt wird, erhoben werden. 
Die seit dem 1. Januar 2009 in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geltende Abgeltungsteuer und der 
darauf erhobene Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer oder sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten 
Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens der Emittentin zu zahlen wären. 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung(en) zu kündigen 
und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag zuzüglich (etwaiger) bis zum Tage der 
Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
(a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen unter den Schuldverschreibungen nicht innerhalb von 
15 Tagen nach dem betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls 
die Unterlassung heilbar ist, die Unterlassung jedoch länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem 
die Hauptzahlstelle hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(c) 
die Emittentin einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.000 aus einer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 Absatz (2) definiert) oder 
aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die hierfür abgegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei 
denn, die Emittentin bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass die betreffende Zahlungsverpflichtung 
besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend gemacht 
wird, oder fallseine für solche Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für die oder von den daraus 
berechtigten Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird; oder 
(d) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit allgemein bekanntgibt oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt; 
oder

--- Page 115 ---
109 
 
 
 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet und ein solches Verfahren 
eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist, oder die 
Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt; oder 
(f) 
die Emittentin ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz oder nahezu ganz einstellt, alle oder nahezu alle 
Teile ihres Vermögens veräußert oder anderweitig abgibt und (i) dadurch den Wert ihres 
Vermögens wesentlich vermindert und (ii) es dadurch wahrscheinlich wird, dass die Emittentin 
ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht mehr erfüllen kann; oder 
(g) die Emittentin liquidiert oder aufgelöst wird, es sei denn, dies geschieht im Rahmen einer 
Restrukturierungsmaßnahme (einschließlich Verschmelzungen und Umwandlungen). 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 9 Absatz (1)(b) und/oder § 9 Absatz (1)(c) wird eine 
Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 9 Absatz (1)(a) und § 9 
Absätzen (1)(d) bis (g) bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei der 
Hauptzahlstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von mindestens 1/10 der dann ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. 
(3) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigungserklärung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 9 Absatz (1) hat in Textform in deutscher oder englischer Sprache 
zu erfolgen und ist an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle der Hauptzahlstelle zu übermitteln. 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von 
Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten definiert) an ihrer Stelle als 
Hauptschuldnerin (die “Nachfolgeschuldnerin”) für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang 
mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die Emittentin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten haben 
und berechtigt sind, an die Hauptzahlstelle die zur Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne 
verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin 
ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen 
oder einzubehalten; 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, 
Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung 
auferlegt werden; 
(d) sichergestellt ist, dass sich die Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus der Negativverpflichtung des 
Debt Issuance Programms der Emittentin auch auf die von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin so 
übernommenen Schuldverschreibungen entsprechend erstrecken; und 
(e) der Hauptzahlstelle jeweils eine Bestätigung bezüglich der betroffenen Rechtsordnungen von 
anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) dieses § 10 erfüllt wurden. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet “verbundenes Unternehmen” ein verbundenes Unternehmen 
im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 13 bekannt zu machen.

--- Page 116 ---
110 
 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung 
Folgendes: 
(a) in § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf 
das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat);  
(b)  in § 9 Absatz (1)(c) bis (g) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in ihrer 
Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Mit der Zustimmung der Gläubiger durch einen Beschluss mit 
der in § 11 Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit kann die Emittentin die Anleihebedingungen im Hinblick 
auf im Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – 
“SchVG”) zugelassene Gegenstände (abgesehen von der Ersetzung des Emittenten, was 
ausschließlich den in § 10 festgesetzten Regeln unterliegt) ändern. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, 
der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die 
benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 75% der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine “qualifizierte Mehrheit”). Beschlüsse, durch welche 
der wesentliche Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und die keinen Gegenstand der 
§ 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen 
Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
(3) Verfahren für Abstimmungen und Abstimmungen ohne Versammlung. Abstimmungen der 
Gläubiger können entweder in einer Gläubigerversammlung oder im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 18 SchVG durchgeführt werden. Der Einberufende wird im Falle der 
Einberufung bestimmen, ob die Abstimmungen in einer Gläubigerversammlung oder im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung durchgeführt werden. Der Antrag für eine Gläubigerversammlung 
oder eine Abstimmung ohne Versammlung wird die näheren Details für die Entscheidungen und das 
Abstimmungsverfahren enthalten. Der Gegenstand der Gläubigerversammlung oder der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung sowie die Entscheidungsvorschläge sollen den Gläubigern zusammen mit dem 
Antrag für eine Gläubigerversammlung oder eine Abstimmung ohne Versammlung mitgeteilt werden. 
Eine Gläubigerversammlung und eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche Versammlung durch 
die Emittentin findet ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 4, Satz 2 SchVG statt.

--- Page 117 ---
111 
 
 
 
(4) Leitung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
oder 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung. 
Die 
Gläubigerversammlung oder Abstimmung ohne Versammlung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
(5) Stimmrecht. Gläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung 
oder der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung zum Zeitpunkt der Gläubigerversammlung oder der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nachweisen durch (a) eine gesonderte Bestätigung der Depotbank 
zusammen mit einer Kopie der Globalurkunde (deren Echtheit von einem ordnungsgemäß 
Bevollmächtigten des Clearing Systems oder der Hauptzahlstelle beglaubigt wurde) und durch die 
Vorlage (b) einer Sperrerklärung der Depotbank zugunsten der Hinterlegungsstelle, aus der sich 
ergibt, dass die jeweiligen Schuldverschreibungen ab (einschließlich) dem Tag der Eintragung bis 
(einschließlich) zu (x) dem Tag der Gläubigerversammlung oder (y) dem Tag an dem die 
Abstimmungsperiode endet nicht übertragbar sind. Diese gesonderte Bestätigung der Depotbank soll 
(i) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthalten, (ii) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen angeben, die an dem Tag der Ausstellung der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierkonto des Gläubigers bei der Depotbank verbucht sind und (iii) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotbank dem Clearing System sowie der Hauptzahlstelle eine schriftliche 
Mitteilung über die Informationen gemäß (i) und (ii) gemacht hat und die Bestätigung des Clearing 
Systems und des jeweiligen Clearing System Kontoinhabers enthalten.  
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter (der “gemeinsame Vertreter”) für alle Gläubiger bestellen. Die Bestellung 
eines gemeinsamen Vertreters muss von einer qualifizierten Mehrheit beschlossen werden, wenn 
der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
ermächtigt 
wird, 
wesentlichen 
materiellen 
Änderungen 
der 
Anleihebedingungen gemäß § 11(2) zuzustimmen.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Anleihebedingungen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [Gemeinsamer Vertreter] (der “gemeinsame 
Vertreter”). Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe 
Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die 
einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter 
den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
§ 12 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls 
mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in 
der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Hauptzahlstelle 
zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden.

--- Page 118 ---
112 
 
 
 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am Regulierten Markt (Bourse de Luxembourg) zugelassen sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: (1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen erfolgen durch Veröffentlichung im Bundesanzeiger und durch elektronische Publikation 
auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel am Regulierten Markt (Bourse de Luxembourg) 
zugelassen sind, findet § 13 Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit dies Mitteilungen über den Zinssatz 
betrifft oder die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies sonst zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine 
Veröffentlichung nach § 13 Absatz (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag 
der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einer Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: (1) 
Mitteilungen an 
das Clearing System. Die Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[(2)][(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, müssen in 
Textform erfolgen und zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14 
Absatz [(3)][(4)] an die Hauptzahlstelle geleitet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das 
Clearing System in der von der Hauptzahlstelle und dem Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen 
Weise erfolgen. 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten 
der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren (“Rechtsstreitigkeiten”) ist 
das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in 
jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank (wie nachstehend definiert) bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des 
Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter 
dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die 
vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. 
Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet “Depotbank” jede Bank oder ein sonstiges 
anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearing Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine 
Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, 
die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist.

--- Page 119 ---
113 
 
 
 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst.]

--- Page 120 ---
114 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
(MUSTER - ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN) 
 
In case of Notes listed on the official list of and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, the Final Terms of Notes will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Notes publicly offered in one or more member states of the 
European Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be 
displayed on the website of Evonik Group (www.evonik.com). 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET MARKET] – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate [including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider 
any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].][Insert further details on target market, 
client categories etc.]1 
[MiFID 
II 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
[ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] [ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER] – Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck 
des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) 
der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien[,] [und] professionelle Kunden 
[und Kleinanleger], jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, 
“MiFID II”), umfasst; [und] (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen 
sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge 
die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein “Vertriebsunternehmen”) soll die 
Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, 
welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch 
die 
Präzisierung 
der 
Zielmarktbestimmung 
[des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) 
und 
angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick 
Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit], 
zu 
bestimmen.][Weitere Details 
bezüglich Zielmarkt, 
Kundenkategorie etc. einfügen]]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, the “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
                                                     
1  
To be included if parties have determined a target market and if the managers in relation to the Notes are 
subject to MiFID II, i.e. there are MiFID II manufacturers. 
2  
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben und wenn die Platzeure in bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen der MiFID II unterliegen, d.h. wenn es MiFID II-Hersteller gibt.

--- Page 121 ---
115 
 
 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.](3) 
[Vertriebsverbot an Privatinvestoren im EWR - Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht dazu 
bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (der “EWR”) angeboten, 
verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen dementsprechend Privatinvestoren im EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege 
zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die 
mindestens einer der folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 
Absatz 1 Nummer 11 von Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die “MiFID II”); (ii) 
ein Kunde im Sinne von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die 
“Versicherungsvertriebs-Richtlinie”), der nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 
Absatz 1 Nummer 10 MiFID II einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, der kein qualifizierter Anleger ist 
im 
Sinne 
der 
Verordnung 
(EU) 
2017/1129 
(in 
der 
jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung, 
die “Prospektverordnung”). Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die “PRIIPS Verordnung”) für Angebote, Vertrieb 
und die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren im EWR 
erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung von Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren im EWR nach der PRIIPS 
Verordnung unzulässig sein.](4) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[Vertriebsverbot an Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich - Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
nicht dazu bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich (“GB”) angeboten, verkauft 
oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Schuldverschreibungen sollen 
dementsprechend Privatinvestoren im EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die 
mindestens einer der folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 
Nummer 8 von Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil nationalen 
Rechts auf der Grundlage des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) ist; (ii) ein Kunde im 
Sinne der Bestimmungen der FSMA und alle Regeln und Verordnungen gemäß FSMA zur 
Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97, der nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 
Absatz 1 Nummer 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil 
nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des EUWA ist, einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, der kein 
qualifizierter Anleger ist im Sinne des Artikels 2 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/1129 in der Gestalt, in 
der diese Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des EUWA ist. Folglich wurde kein 
Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese 
Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des EUWA ist, (die “GB PRIIPs Verordnung”) für 
Angebote, Vertrieb und die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
                                                     
3 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify “Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European 
Economic Area” as “Not Applicable”. 
4  
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen „Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum“ für „Nicht anwendbar“ erklären. 
5  
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors".

--- Page 122 ---
116 
 
 
Privatinvestoren in GB erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb 
oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung von Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren in GB nach 
der GB PRIIPs Verordnung unzulässig sein.]6  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (the “COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK MiFIR”); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]7 
[GB 
MIFIR 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens 
[des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) definiert, und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 600/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ist (“GB MiFIR”), umfasst; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb 
der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Investoren angemessen 
sind. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen 
anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein “Vertriebsunternehmen”) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts 
[des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook 
Product 
Intervention 
and 
Product 
Governance 
Sourcebook 
(die 
“GB 
MiFIR 
Produktüberwachungspflichten”) 
unterliegt, 
ist 
indes 
dafür 
verantwortlich, 
seine 
eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]8 
                                                     
6  
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den 
Punkt "Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde. 
7  
To be included if parties have determined a target market and if the managers in relation to the Notes are 
subject to UK MiFIR, i.e. there are UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
8  
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben und wenn die Paltzeuere in bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen der UK MiFIR unterliegen, d.h. wenn es UK MiFIR-Hersteller gibt.

--- Page 123 ---
117 
 
 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms  
Endgültige Bedingungen 
Evonik Industries AG 
LEI 41GUOJQTALQHLF39XJ34 
[Title of relevant Tranche of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen] 
Series No.: [   ] / Tranche No.: [   ]  
Serien Nr.: [   ] / Tranche Nr.: [   ] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with [   ]) 
(die mit [   ] konsolidiert werden und eine einheitliche Serie bilden) 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Series: [   ]9 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie: [   ]]10 
Issue Date: [   ](11)  
Tag der Begebung: [   ](12) 
Trade Date: [   ] 
Handelstag: [   ] 
issued pursuant to the EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme dated 25 March 2021 
of Evonik Industries AG  
begeben aufgrund des EUR 5.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme vom 25. März 2021 
der Evonik Industries AG  
 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 (5) in conjunction with Article 
25 (4) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017, and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated 
25 March 2021 (the “Base Prospectus”) [and the supplement(s) dated [●]]. The Base Prospectus and 
any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of Evonik Group (www.evonik.com) and copies 
may be obtained from Evonik Industries AG, Rellinghauser Straße 1-11, 45128 Essen, Germany. Full 
information is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplement 
and these Final Terms. [An issue-specifc summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.](13) 
 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke von Artikel 8 (5) i.V.m. Artikel 25 (4) der 
Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, 
abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt vom 25. März 2021 über das Programm 
(der “Basisprospekt”) [und dem (den) Nachtrag (Nachträgen) dazu vom [●]] zu lesen. Der 
Basisprospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der 
                                                     
9  
Use only if this issue is an increase of an existing issue. 
10  Nur verwenden, falls es sich bei der aktuellen Emission um die Aufstockung einer Emission handelt. 
 
11  The Issue Date is the date of payment and issue of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is 
the delivery date. 
12  Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei 
freier Lieferung ist der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
13  Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000.

--- Page 124 ---
118 
 
 
Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) und der Internetseite der Evonik Gruppe (www.evonik.com) 
eingesehen werden. Kopien sind erhältlich unter Evonik Industries AG, Rellinghauser Straße 1-11, 
45128 Essen, Deutschland. Um sämtliche Angaben zu erhalten, sind die Endgültigen Bedingungen, 
der Basisprospekt und etwaige Nachträge im Zusammenhang zu lesen. [Eine emissionsspezifische 
Zusammenfassung der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen angefügt.] (14) 
 
 
                                                     
14  Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe 
von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 125 ---
119 
 
 
Part I: TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
Teil I: ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
[A.  
In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be 
determined by replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as 
Option I or Option II including certain further options contained therein, respectively, 
and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:(15) 
A. 
Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen 
durch Wiederholung der betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II 
aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren 
Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, 
einfügen:(16) 
The Conditions applicable to the Notes (the “Conditions”), and the [German] [English] language 
translation thereof, are as set out below. 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Bedingungen (die “Bedingungen”) sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[In the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen.] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen.] 
[B. 
In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be 
determined by referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as 
Option I or Option II including certain further options contained therein, respectively, 
insert: 
B. 
Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, 
die durch Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II 
aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren 
Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Notes [with [fixed] [floating] interest rates] (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base 
Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II]. Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms 
and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, 
der auf Schuldverschreibungen [mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung] Anwendung findet (die 
“Anleihebedingungen”), zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Basisprospekt enthalten ist. 
Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen 
Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen 
sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
                                                     
15  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the 
Conditions will be required where the Notes are to be publicly offered, in whole or in part, or to be initially 
distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms 
including numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
16  In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der 
Bedingungen erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht 
qualifizierte Anleger verkauft oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der 
Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 126 ---
120 
 
 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to 
items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the “Conditions”). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als 
in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die “Bedingungen”) 
gestrichen. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1)  
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination 
Währung und Stückelung 
 
 
Specified Currency 
Festgelegte Währung 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
Specified Denomination(17) 
Festgelegte Stückelung(18) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Series: 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie: 
[   ] 
[   ] 
Clearing System  
Clearing System 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
                                                     
17  The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than 
euro, an amount in such other currency which is at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of 
the Notes. 
18  Die 
Mindeststückelung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
beträgt 
EUR 
1.000, 
bzw., 
falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in einer anderen Währung als Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser 
anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen mindestens dem Gegenwert von 
EUR 1.000 entspricht.

--- Page 127 ---
121 
 
 
Global Note(19) 
Globalurkunde(20) 
 
 
Global Note (Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main) 
Globalurkunde (Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main) 
 
 
Classical Global Note 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
New Global Note 
 
 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
Festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
[   ]% per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[   ] 
[  ] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Zinszahlungstag(e) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
 Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination) 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
festgelegter Stückelung 
[   ] 
  
[   ] 
 
 Fixed Interest Date preceding the 
Maturity Date 
Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorangeht 
[   ] 
 
[   ] 
 
 Final Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
festgelegter Stückelung 
[   ] 
 
[   ] 
                                                     
19  As to whether the relevant global note is intended to be held in a manner which would allow ECB eligibility, 
please see “Part II; Additional Information” below.  
20  Zu der Frage, ob die Verwahrung der jeweiligen Globalurkunde in einer Weise geschehen soll, die EZB-
Fähigkeit bewirkt, siehe bitte “Teil II, Zusätzliche Informationen”.

--- Page 128 ---
122 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
Variabel verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
[number] [weeks][months]  
[Zahl] [Wochen][Monate] 
 
 
[adjusted][unadjusted] 
[mit][ohne] Anpassung 
 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
 
 Modified Following Business Day 
Convention  
Modifizierte-Folgender-Geschäftstag-
Konvention 
 
 
 FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
FRN Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[number] months 
[Zahl] Monate 
 
 Following Business Day Convention  
Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 
 
 Relevant financial centre(s) 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
 TARGET  
TARGET 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
Rate of Interest  
Zinssatz 
 
 
EURIBOR 
EURIBOR 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
Margin 
Marge 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
[   ]% per annum 
 
 plus  
Plus 
 
 
 minus  
Minus

--- Page 129 ---
123 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction(21)  
Zinstagequotient()22 
 
 
 Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Aktuell/Aktuell (ICMA) 
 
 
 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Aktuell/365 (fest) 
 
 
 Actual/360 
Aktuell/360 
 
 
 30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis 
30/360 oder 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
 
 
 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4)(23)  
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4)(24) 
 
 
Payment Business Day  
Zahlungstag 
 
 
 Relevant financial centre(s) 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
 TARGET  
TARGET 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5)  
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
 
Final Redemption  
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
 
 Maturity Date(25) 
Fälligkeitstag(26) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
 Redemption Month(27) 
Rückzahlungsmonat(28) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
 Final Redemption Amount(29) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag(30) 
[   ] per cent. of the Principal Amount 
[   ]% des Nennbetrags  
 
Early Redemption  
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
 
 
Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines 
Kontrollwechsels  
[Yes/No] 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
                                                     
21  Complete for fixed and floating rate Notes. 
22  Für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester und variabler Verzinsung auszufüllen. 
23  Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
24  Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
25  Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
26  Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
27  Complete for floating rate Notes. 
28  Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
29  The final redemption amount in respect of each Note shall not be less than the issue price of the Note.  
30  Der Rückzahlungsbetrag jeder Schuldverschreibung wird nicht niedriger sein als der Ausgabepreis der 
Schuldverschreibung.

--- Page 130 ---
124 
 
 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at 
Specified Call Redemption Amount(s)(31) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zu 
festgelegten Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen 
(Call)(32) 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
 Specified Call Redemption Date(s) 
festgelegte Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
 Specifed Call Redemption Amount(s) 
festgelegte Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
 [   ] 
[   ] 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early 
Redemption Amount(33) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag(34) 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Final 
Redemption Amount(35) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag(36) 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
 Interest payment date [number] years after the 
Interest Commencement Date and each Interest 
Payment Date thereafter 
Zinszahlungstag [Zahl] Jahre nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn und an jedem darauf folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
 
 
[   ] 
 
 
[   ] 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
 Put Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
 Put Redemption Amount(s) (37) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Put) (38) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung bei geringfügig ausstehendem 
Nennbetrag 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Early redemption level 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsschwelle 
[75][   ] per cent. 
[75][   ]% 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount upon the 
occurrence of a transaction related event Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag bei Eintritt eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
                                                     
31  Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
32  Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
33  Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
34  Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
35  Complete for floating rate Notes. 
36  Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
37  Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
38  Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 131 ---
125 
 
 
 
Transaction  
Transaktion 
[insert description] 
[Beschreibung einfügen] 
 
Transaction Notice Period 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist 
[Not applicable][●] 
[Nicht anwendbar][●] 
 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount  
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Early Redemption Amount(39)  
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag(40) 
 
 
 Higher of Final Redemption Amount and Present 
Value 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, oder falls höher, abgezinster 
Marktwert 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
Comparable Benchmark Yield of corresponding 
Vergleichbare Benchmark Rendite der 
entsprechenden 
plus [percentage] per cent. 
 
zuzüglich [Prozentsatz]% 
 
 euro denominated benchmark debt security of 
the Federal Republic of Germany  
Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
  
 
 UK government Sterling denominated 
benchmark debt security issued by HM 
Treasury  
durch HM Treasury begebenen Sterling-
Referenzanleihe des Vereinigten Königreichs 
 
 
 Swiss franc denominated benchmark federal 
bond of the Swiss Confederation 
Schweizer Franken-Referenz-Bundesanleihe 
der Schweizerischen Eidgenossenschaft 
 
 
 U.S. Dollar denominated benchmark U.S. 
Treasury debt security 
Referenz-U.S. Staatsanleihe (US Treasury 
debt security) in U.S. Dollar 
 
AGENTS (§ 6) 
 
 
Calculation Agent  
Berechnungsstelle 
[Not applicable] [   ] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [   ] 
 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS’ REPRESENTATIVE (§ 11) 
 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 11) 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by Holders and not in the 
Conditions  
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch Beschluss der Gläubiger und 
nicht in den Bedingungen 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Conditions  
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Bedingungen 
                                                     
39  Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
40  Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 132 ---
126 
 
 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative: 
[specify details] 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters:  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
NOTICES (§ 13)  
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 13) 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu) 
 
Federal Gazette 
Bundesanzeiger 
 
Clearing System  
Clearing System 
LANGUAGE OF CONDITIONS (§ 15)(41)  
SPRACHE DER BEDINGUNGEN (§ 15)(42) 
 
German and English (German controlling) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
English and German (English controlling) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
English only 
Ausschließlich Englisch 
 
German only 
Ausschließlich Deutsch 
                                                     
41  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal 
requirements applicable from time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes in bearer form 
publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to 
non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in 
the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the 
controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available at the principal office 
of Evonik Industries AG. 
42  In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder 
anderer Bestimmungen und soweit nicht anders vereinbart, die deutsche Sprache für Inhaberschuld-
verschreibungen maßgeblich sein wird, die insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Anleger in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland verkauft werden, wird. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an 
nicht qualifizierte Anleger die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine deutschsprachige 
Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Evonik Industries AG erhältlich sein.

--- Page 133 ---
127 
 
 
Part II: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION(43)  
Teil II: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN(44) 
A. 
Essential information  
 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer   
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot 
beteiligt sind 
Interests other than those described in the Base Prospectus under 
“Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer” 
(specify) 
Andere Interessen als die im Basisprospekt unter “Interests of Natural and 
Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer” beschriebenen Interessen 
(angeben) 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify details] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
 
Verbot des Vertriebs an Privatinvestoren des Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraums (EWR)  
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[Anwendbar/ Nicht 
anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[Anwendbar/ Nicht 
anwendbar] 
ECB eligibility 
Verwahrung in EZB-fähiger Form 
 
[If the Global Note is deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main: 
Falls die Globalurkunde bei Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, hinterlegt wird: 
 
If the Global Note is deposited with 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
am Main and is intended to be held in 
a manner which would allow ECB 
eligibility  
Note that if this item is applicable it simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility) 
 
Wenn die Globalurkunde bei der 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
am Main verwahrt wird und die 
Verwahrung in einer Weise 
beabsichtigt ist, welche die EZB-
Fähigkeit erlaubt  
Im Fall der Anwendbarkeit dieses Punktes ist 
damit beabsichtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
ihrer 
Emission 
bei 
der 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
einzureichen. Das bedeutet nicht notwen-
digerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission oder zu einem 
anderen Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als 
                                                     
43  There is no obligation to complete Part II of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specified 
Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will 
not be listed on any regulated market within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation 
with the Issuer. 
44  Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung 
vollständig auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 134 ---
128 
 
 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Geldpolitik 
des Eurosystems und für Zwecke der unter-
tägigen Kreditfähigkeit durch das Eurosystem 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
hängt von der Erfüllung der Kriterien der 
Eignung des Eurosystems ab (EZB-Fähigkeit).] 
[If the Global Note is deposited with a depositary other than Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main: 
Wenn die Globalurkunde bei einer anderen Verwahrstelle als Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main, hinterlegt wird: 
 
If the Global Note is issued in 
Classical Global Note form and is 
intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow ECB eligibility  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die Globalurkunde in Form 
einer Classical Global Note begeben 
wird und die Verwahrung in einer 
Weise beabsichtigt ist, welche die 
EZB-Fähigkeit erlaubt  
[Note that if this item is applicable it simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the international 
central securities 
depositaries (ICSDs) as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility)](45) 
 
[Im Fall der Anwendbarkeit dieses Punktes ist 
damit beabsichtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission bei einer der 
internationalen 
zentralen 
Verwahrstellen 
(ICSDs) als gemeinsame Sicherheitsverwahr-
stelle (common safekeeper) einzureichen. Das 
bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Emission oder zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit 
im Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems und 
für Zwecke der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit 
durch das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine 
solche Anerkennung hängt von der Erfüllung der 
Kriterien der Eignung des Eurosystems ab 
(EZB-Fähigkeit).](46) 
 
If the Global Note is issued in New 
Global Note (NGN) form and is 
intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow ECB eligibility 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sofern die Globalurkunde in Form 
einer New Global Note (neuen 
Globalurkunde – NGN) begeben wird 
und die Verwahrung in einer Weise 
[Note that if this item is applicable it simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the international 
central securities 
depositaries (ICSDs) as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility)](47) 
[Im Fall der Anwendbarkeit dieses Punktes ist 
damit beabsichtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission bei einer der 
internationalen 
zentralen 
Verwahrstellen 
                                                     
45  Include this text if the Classical Global Note is deposited directly with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
46  Dieser Text ist einzufügen, falls die Classical Global Note direkt bei Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
eingeliefert wird. 
47  Include this text if this item is applicable in which case the Notes must be issued in NGN form.

--- Page 135 ---
129 
 
 
beabsichtigt ist, welche die EZB-
Fähigkeit erlaubt  
(ICSDs) als gemeinsame Sicherheitsverwahr-
stelle (common safekeeper) einzureichen. Das 
bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Emission oder zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit 
im Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems und 
für Zwecke der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit 
durch das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine 
solche Anerkennung hängt von der Erfüllung der 
Kriterien der Eignung des Eurosystems ab 
(EZB-Fähigkeit).](48) 
 
If the Global Note is issued in New Global 
Note (NGN) form and is not intended to 
be held in a manner which would allow 
ECB eligibility 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sofern die Globalurkunde in Form einer 
New Global Note (neuen Globalurkunde 
– NGN) begeben wird und keine 
Verwahrung in einer Weise beabsichtigt 
ist, welche die EZB-Fähigkeit bewirken 
würde 
[Note that whilst this item is applicable at the 
date 
of 
these 
Final 
Terms, 
should 
the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Obschon dieser Punkt zum Datum dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen Anwendung findet, ist 
zu beachten, dass die Eignungskriterien des 
Eurosystems in Zukunft in einer Weise geändert 
werden könnten, dass die Schuldverschrei-
bungen diese Kriterien erfüllen. In diesem Fall 
können die Schuldverschreibungen bei einer der 
internationalen 
zentralen 
Verwahrstellen 
(ICSDs) 
als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsver-
wahrstelle (common safekeeper) eingereicht 
werden. Ferner ist zu beachten, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen in einem solchen Fall 
nicht notwendigerweise zu irgendeinem Zeit-
punkt während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Geldpolitik des Euro-
systems und für Zwecke der untertägigen 
Kreditfähigkeit durch das Eurosystem anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon 
ab, ob die EZB die Kriterien der Eignung des 
Eurosystems als erfüllt ansieht.] 
  
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds(49) 
Gründe für das Angebot und Verwendung der Erträge(50) 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds(51) 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge(52) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
                                                     
48  Dieser Text ist einzufügen, falls dieser Punkt anwendbar ist. In diesem Fall müssen die 
Schuldverschreibungen in NGN Form emittiert werden. 
49  See paragraph “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general 
financing purposes of Evonik Group include those reasons here. 
50  Siehe Abschnitt “Use of Proceeds” im Basisprospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in 
allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken der Evonik Gruppe bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
51  If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use will need to split up and present in order of priority.

--- Page 136 ---
130 
 
 
[Estimated total expenses of the issue/offer(53) 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission/das Angebot(54) 
[   ] 
[   ]] 
B. 
Information concerning the securities to be offered /admitted to trading 
  
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers  
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
Common Code 
Common Code 
[   ] 
[   ] 
ISIN Code 
ISIN Code 
[   ] 
[   ] 
German Securities Code 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
Any other securities number 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
[   ] 
[   ] 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility(55)  
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität(56) 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates and the further performance 
as well as their volatility can be obtained [[not] free of charge] 
from 
Reuters [EURIBOR01][   ] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen EURIBOR Sätzen und 
Informationen über künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
können [[un]entgeltlich] abgerufen werden unter 
Reuters [EURIBOR01][   ] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption 
events that effect the EURIBOR rates 
[Not applicable][Please see  
§ 3 of the Terms and 
Conditions] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des 
Marktes oder der Abrechnung bewirken und die EURIBOR 
Sätze beeinflussen  
 
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe 
§ 3 der Anleihebedingungen] 
Yield(57) 
Rendite(58) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
Representation of debt security holders including an 
identification of the organisation representing the investors and 
provisions applying to such representation. Indication of where 
the public may have access to the contracts relation to these 
forms of representation(59) 
 
 
 
[Not applicable] 
[insert details of the Holder’s 
Representative] 
                                                                                                                                                                     
52  Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese 
aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
53  Complete with respect to Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
54  Bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
55  Only applicable for floating rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
56  Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuld-
verschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
57  Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
58  Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
59  Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 11 of the Conditions.

--- Page 137 ---
131 
 
 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die Anleger 
vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung 
geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe des Ortes, an dem die 
Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen 
regeln, einsehen kann(60) 
 
 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
einfügen] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which 
the Notes will be created 
 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die 
Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. 
Terms and conditions of the offer(61) 
 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des Angebots(62) 
[Not applicable] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
C.1 
Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and 
action required to apply for the offer   
 Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforder-
liche Maßnahmen für die Antragstellung 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, during which the 
offer will be open and description of the application process 
 
[Specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während der das 
Angebot vorliegt und Beschreibung des Prozesses für die 
Umsetzung des Angebots 
 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the 
manner for refunding excess amount paid by applicants 
 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und 
der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an 
die Zeichner 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application 
(whether in number of notes or aggregate amount to invest) 
 
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung 
entweder in Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des 
aggregierten zu investierenden Betrags) 
 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for delivery of the 
notes 
 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre 
Lieferung 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des 
Angebots offen zu legen sind 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the 
negotiability of subscription rights and the treatment of not exercised 
subscription rights  
 
 
[Specify details] 
                                                     
60  Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 11 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter 
bestellt. 
61  Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
62  Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 138 ---
132 
 
 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die 
Marktfähigkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht 
ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechte 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.2 
Plan of distribution and allotment(63)  
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren 
Zuteilung(64) 
 
Categories of potential investors: 
Kategorien potentieller Investoren: 
 
 
Qualified Investors 
Qualifizierter Anleger 
 
 
Retail Investors 
Kleinanleger 
 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or 
more countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for 
certain of these, indicate any such tranche. 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify details] 
Werden die Schuldverschreibungen gleichzeitig an den Märkten 
zweier oder mehrerer Staaten angeboten und ist eine bestimmte 
Tranche einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten, so ist diese Tranche 
anzugeben. 
[Nicht anwendbar]  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and 
indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten Betrags und 
Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren 
möglich ist 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.3 
Pricing(65) 
 
Kursfeststellung(66) 
 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify amount] 
Preis zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich angeboten 
werden 
[Nicht anwendbar]  
[Betrag einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify amount] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt 
werden 
[Nicht anwendbar]  
[Betrag einfügen] 
C.4 
Placing and underwriting(67)   
 
Platzierung und Emission(68) 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of 
single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the 
offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes 
place 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinator/der Koordinatoren des globalen 
Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots - sofern der Emittentin 
oder dem Anbieter bekannt - in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots 
 
 
 
[   ] 
 
 
[   ] 
                                                     
63  Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
64  Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
65  Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
66  Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
67  Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
68  Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 139 ---
133 
 
 
Method of distribution  
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 
Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
Syndicated  
Syndiziert 
[   ] 
[   ] 
Subscription Agreement  
Übernahmevertrag 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
Datum des Übernahmevertrages 
[   ] 
[   ] 
General features of the Subscription Agreement 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Management Details including form of commitment(69) 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich 
der Art der Übernahme(70) 
 
Dealer / Management Group (specify) 
Platzeur / Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
[name and address] 
[Name und Adresse] 
 
Firm commitment 
Feste Zusage 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
No firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
Ohne feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
[   ] 
[   ] 
Consent to use of Base Prospectus 
Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Basisprospekts 
 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by the 
following Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediar(y)(ies) (individual 
consent): 
[insert name[s] and 
address[es]] 
Die Emittentin stimmt der Verwendung des Basisprospekts durch 
den/die 
folgenden 
Platzeur(e) 
und/oder 
Finanzintermediär(e) 
(individuelle Zustimmung) zu:  
[Name[n] und Adresse[n] 
einfügen] 
Individual consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of 
Securities by the Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediar(y)(ies) is 
given in relation to: 
[Luxembourg][,][and] 
[Austria][,][and] 
[Germany][,][and]  
[insert Member State into 
which the Base Prospectus 
has been passported based 
on a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus] 
to [insert name[s] and 
address[es] [and [give 
details]] 
                                                     
69  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
70  Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 140 ---
134 
 
 
Individuelle Zustimmung zu der späteren Weiterveräußerung und der 
endgültigen Platzierung der Wertpapiere durch [den][die] Platzeur(e) 
und/oder Finanzintermediär[e] wird gewährt in Bezug auf: 
[Luxemburg][,][und] 
[Österreich][,][und] 
[Deutschland][,][und] [die  
[Mitgliedsstaat einfügen, in 
den der Basisprospekt auf 
Basis eines Nachtrags 
notifiziert wurde] 
für [Name[n] und Adresse[n] 
einfügen] [und [Details 
angeben]] 
Such consent is also subject to and given under the condition: 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify details] 
Ferner erfolgt diese Zustimmung vorbehaltlich: 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by Dealers and/or 
financial intermediaries can be made: 
[as long as this Base 
Prospectus is valid in 
accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation] 
[insert period] 
Die spätere Weiterveräußerung und endgültigen Platzierung der 
Wertpapiere durch Platzeure und/oder Finanzintermediäre kann 
erfolgen während: 
[der Dauer der Gültigkeit des 
Basisprospekts gemäß 
Prospektverordnung] 
[Zeitraum einfügen] 
Commissions(71)  
Provisionen(72) 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
Selling Concession (specify) 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
[   ] 
[   ] 
Stabilising Dealer(s)/Manager(s) 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Platzeur(e)/Manager 
[None] [Specify details] 
[Keiner] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
D. 
Admission to trading  
 
Einbeziehung in den Handel 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Not listed  
Nicht börsennotiert 
 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
 
Other Exchange  
Andere Börse 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Date of admission to trading 
Datum der Einbeziehung in den Handel 
[   ] 
[   ] 
Expense of the admission to trading73 
Kosten der Zulassung zum Handel74  
[   ] 
[   ] 
                                                     
71  To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
72  In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. 
73  Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
74  Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 141 ---
135 
 
 
Issue Price 
Ausgabepreis 
[   ] per cent. 
[   ]% 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description of the main terms of their 
commitment 
[Not applicable]  
[Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen Zusage 
als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und Liquidität mittels 
Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und Beschreibung der 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
E. 
Additional Information 
 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
 
Country(ies) where the offer(s) to the public takes place: 
[Luxembourg] 
[Austria] 
[Germany] 
[●] 
Land(Länder) in dem (in denen) das Öffentliche Angebot erfolgt: 
[Luxemburg] 
[Österreich] 
[Deutschland] 
[●] 
 
Country(ies) where the Base Prospectus has been notified: 
[Luxembourg] 
[Austria] 
[Germany] 
[●] 
Land(Länder) in dem (in denen) der Basisprospekt notifiziert wurde: 
[Luxemburg] 
[Österreich] 
[Deutschland] 
[●] 
Rating 
Rating 
 
 
The Notes to be issued have been rated as follows(75)  
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden wie folgt geratet(76) 
 
 
Moody’s  
[●] 
 
Standard & Poor’s 
[●] 
 
[Other] 
[●] 
 
The Notes have not been rated  
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden nicht geratet 
 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is 
registered or has applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by 
Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2011 (the 
“CRA Regulation”).]  
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft 
hat und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen, geändert durch Verordnung (EU) Nr. 513/2011 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 11. Mai 2011, (die “Ratingagentur-Verordnung”) 
registriert ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] 
                                                     
75  Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider. 
76  Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur 
veröffentlicht.

--- Page 142 ---
136 
 
 
The European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) publishes on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under 
Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the 
Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
 
Die Europäische Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde (die “ESMA”) veröffentlicht auf ihrer 
Webseite (www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis registrierter Ratingagenturen gemäß der 
Ratingagentur-Verordnung. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme 
eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die 
Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen 
Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung. 
F. 
Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for 
drawing up the Base Prospectus 
 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung des Emittenten oder der 
für die Erstellung des Basisprospekts zuständigen Person 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the 
Notes by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries can be made 
[Not applicable]  
[Specify details] 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräußerung oder 
endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder 
weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have 
been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading 
and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof. The following sources were used [●]. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben 
worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur 
Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren 
Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; und (ii) die 
Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für 
ihre Richtigkeit. Folgende Quellen wurden verwendet [●].] 
Evonik Industries AG 
(the Issuer)  
(die Emittentin) 
_____________________________________

--- Page 143 ---
137 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The Terms and Conditions pertaining to a certain issue of Notes provide that the Holders may agree 
to amendments or decide on other matters relating to the Notes by way of resolution to be passed by 
taking votes without a meeting. Any such resolution duly adopted by resolution of the Holders shall be 
binding on each Holder of the respective issue of Notes, irrespective of whether such Holder took part 
in the vote and whether such Holder voted in favour of or against such resolution. 
The provisions included in the Terms and Conditions of a particular issue of Notes substantially set 
out the rules regarding resolutions of Holders. Under the German Act on Debt Securities 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – “SchVG”), these rules are largely mandatory, although they permit in 
limited circumstances supplementary provisions set out in or incorporated into the Terms and 
Conditions. 
The following is a brief summary of some of the statutory rules regarding the taking of votes without 
meetings and the convening and conduct of meetings of Holders, the passing and publication of 
resolutions as well as their implementation and challenge before German courts. 
Specific Rules regarding Votes without Meeting 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be 
(i) a notary appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the “Holders’ 
Representative”) has been appointed, the Holders' Representative if the vote was solicited by the 
Holders' Representative, or (iii) a person appointed by the competent court. 
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During 
such voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. 
Such notice shall also set out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid. 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote 
based on evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it 
is established that no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a 
meeting of the Holders. Within one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder 
participating in the vote may request a copy of the minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from 
the Issuer. 
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks 
following the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person 
presiding over the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, the person presiding over the taking of 
votes shall promptly publish the result. If the person presiding over the taking of votes does not 
remedy the objection, he shall promptly inform the objecting Holder in writing. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of 
such proceedings. 
Rules regarding Holders’ Meetings applicable to Votes without Meeting 
In addition, the statutory rules applicable to the convening and conduct of Holders' meetings will apply 
mutatis mutandis to any vote without a meeting. The following summarises some of such rules. 
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders' Representative, if any. Meetings 
of Holders must be convened if one or more Holders holding 5 per cent. or more of the outstanding 
Notes so require for specified reasons permitted by statute. 
Meetings may be convened not less than 14 days prior to the date of the meeting. Attendance and 
exercise of voting rights at the meeting may be made subject to prior registration of Holders. The 
convening notice will provide what proof will be required for attendance and voting at the meeting. 
The place of the meeting in respect of a German issuer is the place of the issuer's registered office, 
provided, however, that where the relevant Notes are listed on a stock exchange within the European 
Union or the European Economic Area, the meeting may be held at the place of such stock exchange. 
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting 
out the proposals for resolution.

--- Page 144 ---
138 
 
 
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders' representing by value not less 
than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Notes. If the quorum is not reached, a second meeting may be 
called at which no quorum will be required, provided that where a resolution may only be adopted by 
a qualified majority, a quorum requires the presence of at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of outstanding Notes. 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more 
Global Notes, resolutions which amend or supplement the Terms and Conditions have to be 
implemented by supplementing or amending the relevant Global Note(s). 
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an Issuer, a Holders' Representative, if 
appointed, is obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any 
resolutions passed by the Holders are subject to the provisions of the Insolvency Code 
(Insolvenzordnung). 
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Terms and Conditions, Holders may bring an 
action to set aside such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one 
month following the publication of the resolution.

--- Page 145 ---
139 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by Evonik will be used for general corporate purposes.  
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than using 
the net proceeds for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes, then this will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 146 ---
140 
 
 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX 
ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND 
DISPOSITION OF NOTES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, 
UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF GERMANY AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE 
RESIDENTS OR WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE BE LIABLE FOR TAXES. THE RESPECTIVE 
RELEVANT TAX LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM 
THE NOTES.

--- Page 147 ---
141 
 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have entered into an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 25 March 2021 (the 
“Dealer Agreement”) as a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. 
1. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will to its best knowledge comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
2. 
United States of America (the “United States”)  
(a) 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to 
an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold, and 
will not offer or sell, any Note constituting part of its allotment within the United States except 
in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, each 
Dealer further has represented and agreed that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons 
acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with 
respect to a Note. 
(b) 
Each Dealer (i) has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act; (ii) has represented and agreed that it has not offered and sold any Notes, and 
will not offer and sell any Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time and (y) otherwise 
until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and closing date, only in 
accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act; and accordingly, (iii) has 
further represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or 
their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any 
Note, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirements of Regulation S. 
(c) 
Each Dealer who has purchased Notes shall determine and notify to the Fiscal Agent the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes of such Tranche. On the basis of such notification 
or notifications, the Fiscal Agent agrees to notify such Dealer/Lead Manager of the end of the 
distribution compliance period with respect to such Tranche. 
Terms used in this paragraph 2 have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
(d) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any 
contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its 
affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation 
§ 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D), (or any successor rules in substantially the same form as D Rules, as 
applicable, for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) (the “D Rules”) 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and 
during the restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) such Dealer

--- Page 148 ---
142 
 
 
has not delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions 
definitive Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer 
retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the D Rules; 
and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of 
offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) 
repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses 
(i), (ii) and (iii) on such affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such 
affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in 
sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii). 
Terms used in this paragraph (e) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
3. 
European Economic Area 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a 
“Relevant Member State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member 
State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member 
State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to 
such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the

--- Page 149 ---
143 
 
 
competent authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
4. 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (“United Kingdom”) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA“); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:

--- Page 150 ---
144 
 
 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be 
made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the 
Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial 
Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the 
Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
5. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la 
Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Note or distribute 
copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy 
except: 
(i) 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), to qualified investors 
(investitori qualificati), as defined under Article 35, paragraph 1, letter d) of CONSOB 
regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended (the “Regulation No. 20307”),

--- Page 151 ---
145 
 
 
pursuant to Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b), of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 
14 May 1999, as amended (the “Regulation No. 11971”); or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraph 4, of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 100 of Legislative Decree of 
24 February 1998, No. 58, as amended (the “Italian Financial Act”) and their implementing 
CONSOB regulations including Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with the selling 
restriction under (i) and (ii) above and: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian 
Financial Act, Regulation No. 20307, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended (the “Banking Act”) and any other applicable laws or regulation; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy, as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the 
offering or issue of securities in Italy or by Italian persons outside of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer, sale, delivery or 
resale of the Notes by such investor occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
6.  
Switzerland  
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this document is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in the Notes described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered directly or 
indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act 
(“FinSA”) and will not be admitted to trading on any exchange or other trading venue in Switzerland. 
Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither this document nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland.  
7. 
Japan  
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 152 ---
146 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Application has been made to the CSSF of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg in its capacity as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, for its approval of this Base Prospectus for any 
public offers of Notes under this Programme, inter alia, in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. By 
approving a prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of Evonik 
and its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for Evonik and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Furthermore, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions, which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
For the purpose of this paragraph, the term “affiliates” also includes parent companies. 
Authorisation 
The Executive Board (Vorstand) of Evonik has authorised the establishment and the continuous 
maintenance of the Programme by a resolution on 19 September 2012. Each issue of Notes under 
the Programme has to be authorised by resolution of the Executive Board (Vorstand) of Evonik. 
The increase in the authorised amount of the Programme from EUR 3,000,000,000 to 
EUR 5,000,000,000 was authorised by resolutions of Evonik passed on 18 April 2016. 
Consent to the Use of the Base Prospectus 
With respect to Article 5 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation in conjunction with Article 23 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, the Issuer may consent, to the extent and under 
the conditions, if any, indicated in the relevant Final Terms, to the use of the Base Prospectus for a 
certain period of time or as long as the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12 (1) of 
the Prospectus Regulation and accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with 
respect to subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by any financial intermediary which was 
given consent to use the prospectus, if any. 
Such consent may be given to one or more (individual consent) specified Dealer(s) and/or financial 
intermediary/intermediaries, as stated in the Final Terms, and, next to the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, for the following member states, into which the Base Prospectus has been passported 
and which will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms: the Republic of Austria and/or the Federal 
Republic of Germany and/or any other jurisdiction into which the Base Prospectus has been 
passported based on a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Such consent by the Issuer is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the 
terms and conditions described in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any 
applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.

--- Page 153 ---
147 
 
 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come 
are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuer reserves the 
right to withdraw its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or 
each financial intermediary. A withdrawal, if any, may require a supplement to this Base Prospectus.  
The Base Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements 
published before such delivery. Any supplement to the Base Prospectus is available for viewing in 
electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the 
website of Evonik Group (www.evonik.com). 
When using the Base Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must 
make certain that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective 
jurisdictions. 
In the case of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or financial intermediary, this Dealer and/or 
financial intermediary will provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the 
Notes and the offer thereof, at the time such offer is made. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the prospectus is given to one or more 
specified Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediary/intermediaries (individual consent), any new 
information with respect to financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the 
Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms will be published on the internet page 
www.evonik.com. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(Bourse de Luxembourg) and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
(“CBF”), Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (“CBL”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”). 
The appropriate German securities number (“WKN”) (if any), Common Code and ISIN for each 
tranche of Notes allocated by CBF, CBL and Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the Issuer 
The LEI of Evonik is: 41GUOJQTALQHLF39XJ34.  
Documents on Display 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available free of charge during normal business hours from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent for the time being in 
Frankfurt am Main: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation where applicable) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Evonik as of and for the fiscal years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). In the case of Notes publicly offered in one or more member states of the European

--- Page 154 ---
148 
 
 
Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the 
website of Evonik Group (www.evonik.com).

--- Page 155 ---
149 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents which have been published or which are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Evonik (English language version) as of and for the 
fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, in each case including the 
independent auditor's report thereon. 
Cross-reference list of Documents incorporated by Reference 
Page Section of Base 
Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
Pages 
 
 
 
19 
Evonik Group,  
Financial Information 
Financial Report 2020 of Evonik 
 
 
Income statement 
106 
 
Statement of comprehensive income  
106 
 
Balance sheet 
107 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
108 
 
Cash flow statement 
109 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
110 – 188 
 
Independent auditors' report 
 
190 – 195 
22 
Evonik Group,  
Evonik Group 
Structure 
Scope of consolidation 
113 – 114 
 
Evonik Group’s Financial Report 2020 can be found on the following 
website: 
www.evonik.com/Financial_Report_2020 
 
 
 
 
Financial Report 2019 of Evonik 
 
 
Income statement 
98 
 
Statement of comprehensive income  
98 
 
Balance sheet 
99 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
100 
 
Cash flow statement 
101 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
102 – 171 
 
Independent auditors' report 
 
173 – 178 
 
Scope of consolidation 
 
108 – 109 
 
Evonik Group’s Financial Report 2019 can be found on the following 
website: 
www.evonik.com/Financial_Report_2019 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the documents relating to the Issuer for the years 2019 and 
2020, respectively, which are not explicitly listed in the above cross-reference list, are not 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Information contained in such parts is either of 
no relevance for an investor or covered in other parts of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 156 ---
150 
 
 
Availability of Documents 
The following documents can be inspected as electronic versions on the following websites until the 
validity of this Base Prospectus ends (in the case of the following items (i) and (iii), for a period of at 
least ten years commencing with the publication of this Base Prospectus): 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus  
(https://corporate.evonik.com/en/investor-relations/bonds-rating/dip) 
 
(ii) the Articles of Association of Evonik 
(https://corporate.evonik.com/en/investor-relations/corporate-governance/articles-of-
association) 
 
(iii) the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus  
(accessed by using the hyperlinks set out in the section "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference" above).  
 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and 
will be available free of charge from the principal office in Luxembourg of Deutsche Bank Luxembourg 
S.A. (the “Luxembourg Listing Agent”).

--- Page 157 ---
151 
 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
 
THE ISSUER 
 
Evonik Industries AG 
Rellinghauser Straße 1-11  
45128 Essen 
Federal Republic of Germany 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to German law 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
To the Dealers as to German law 
Linklaters LLP  
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 158 ---
152 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37 
60327 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
 
DEALER 
 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany