--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
7 October 2022 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), 
of EWE Aktiengesellschaft in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the "Prospectus"). 
 
EWE Aktiengesellschaft 
(Oldenburg, Federal Republic of Germany)  
€ 3,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(the "Programme") 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The CSSF has only approved this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
EWE Aktiengesellschaft (the "Issuer" or "EWE AG", and together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, "EWE Group" 
or "EWE") or the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Neither does the CSSF give any undertaking 
as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg prospectus law (Loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) by approving this 
Prospectus. Prospective investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to list notes to be issued under the Programme 
(the "Notes") on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes to trading on the Regulated 
Market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market 
(the "Regulated Market") for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU as 
amended ("MiFID II"). Notes issued under the Programme may also be listed on further or other stock exchanges or 
may not be listed at all. 
This Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
as well as on the website of EWE Aktiengesellschaft (www.ewe.com). It is valid until its expiration on 7 October 2023 
and this Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates 
of issue. There is no obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Arranger 
Commerzbank 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO 
BNP PARIBAS 
Commerzbank 
DZ BANK AG 
Helaba 
ING 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer with its registered office in Oldenburg, Germany, is solely responsible for the information given in this 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other documents 
incorporated herein by reference and, in relation to any tranche of Notes, together with the relevant final terms (the "Final 
Terms"). For the avoidance of doubt, the information on any websites this Prospectus refers to in hyperlinks does not 
form part of this Prospectus unless specified otherwise in the section "INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE" and has 
not been approved by the CSSF. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the dealers set forth in the section "Names and Addresses" below and will confirm to any 
additional dealer appointed from time to time under the Programme (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") that 
this Prospectus contains the information with regard to EWE, EWE Group and to the Notes offered, sold and delivered 
under the Programme or admitted to trading on a regulated market, which is material in the context of the Programme 
and the issue and offering of Notes thereunder, that the statements contained in it relating to the Issuer and EWE Group, 
are in every material respect true and accurate and not misleading, that the opinions and intentions expressed therein 
with respect to EWE, EWE Group and the Notes are honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant 
circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions and that there are no other facts with respect to EWE, EWE 
Group or the Notes, the omission of which would, in the context of the issue and offering of the Notes, make any 
statement in this Prospectus misleading in any material respect, and that all reasonable enquiries have been made by the 
Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
NOTICE 
No person has been authorised to give any information or make any representation which is not contained in or not 
consistent with this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information 
supplied by the Issuer or such other information as in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is 
responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement thereof, or any Final Terms or any other 
document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information 
contained in any of these documents. 
To the extent not otherwise indicated, the information in this Prospectus on competition in the markets in which the 
Issuer operates is taken from publicly available sources. The information from third-party sources that is cited here has 
been reproduced accurately. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such 
third-party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information published inaccurate or 
misleading. 
The delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as 
an implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective 
dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since such date or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it 
is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final Terms come are 
required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a description of the restrictions applicable in 
the United States of America, the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom, see "Selling Restrictions". 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") and are subject to tax law requirements of the United States of America; subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. 
This Prospectus may be used for subsequent offers by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries only insofar as and 
for the period so specified in the Final Terms for the relevant tranche of Notes.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any 
jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make 
such an offer or solicitation. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements, including statements using the words "believes", 
"anticipates" "intends", "expects" or other similar terms. This applies in particular to statements under the caption 
"GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER" and statements elsewhere in this Prospectus relating to, among 
other things, the future financial performance, plans and expectations regarding developments in the business of the 
Issuer. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors 
that may cause the actual results, including the financial position and profitability of the Issuer, to be materially different 
from or worse than those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements and are not guarantees of future 
performance. The Issuer does not assume any obligation to update such forward-looking statements and to adapt them 
to future events or developments. 
ROUNDING 
Certain figures included in this Prospectus have been rounded according to established commercial standards. As a 
result, rounded figures in the tables included below may not add up to the aggregate amounts in such tables (sum totals 
or subtotals), which are calculated based on unrounded figures. In respect of financial information set out in this 
Prospectus, a dash (—) signifies that the relevant figure is not available, while a zero (0) or nil signifies that the relevant 
figure is available but has been rounded to or equals zero. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMACE MEASURES 
This Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures, as defined in the guidelines issued by ESMA 
concerning the presentation of alternative performance measures disclosed in regulated information and 
prospectuses, which are not recognised financial measures under the International Financial Reporting Standards 
as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS") or any other generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). 
These alternative performance measures ("Non-IFRS Measures") may not be comparable to similarly titled 
measures of other companies. The Non-IFRS-Measures include: Operating EBIT and capital expenditure. 
Such Non-IFRS Measures must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial 
information prepared in accordance with IFRS included elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these Non-IFRS Measures and are also advised to review them in 
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer including the related notes thereto, incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"), is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(as amended, "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. If the above-mentioned legend is included in the 
relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION - STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S REGISTRATION – 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate Notes issued under the Programme are calculated by reference to the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at 
the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the "Benchmark Regulation"). 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS 
(IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT 
A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION 
MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE 
DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT 
MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE 
CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS 
AND RULES. 
In this Prospectus all references to "€", "EUR" or "Euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
the European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 
3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro, as amended.  
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
The legally binding language of this Prospectus is the English language; except for the Terms and Conditions of specific 
Tranches of Notes, where the legally binding language will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated such rating will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................. 7 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................................ 8 
ISSUE PROCEDURES ................................................................................................................................................ 20 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................ 22 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................................................... 86 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ............................................................................................ 103 
TAXATION WARNING ............................................................................................................................................ 123 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................... 124 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................... 128 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE .................................................................................................................... 129 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ...................................................................................................................................... 131

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under this Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes to one or more of the Dealers. The maximum 
aggregate principal amount of all Notes at any time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed € 3,000,000,000 
(or nearly equivalent in another currency). The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time to time. 
Notes may be issued on a continuous basis in Tranches, each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical in all 
respects (each a "Tranche"). One or more Tranches of Notes, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a 
single series and are identical in all respects, but which may have different issue dates, interest commencement dates, 
issue prices and dates for first interest payments may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as 
part of existing Series. The specific terms of each Tranche of Notes will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes may be distributed by way of public or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche of Notes will be stated in the Final Terms.  
The Final Terms of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be displayed on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in Euro, € 100,000 
and if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount at least equivalent to € 100,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. 
Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. The Notes will be freely transferable.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase the Notes issued under the Programme, investors should carefully review and consider the 
following risk factors and the other information contained in this Prospectus. Should one or more of the risks described 
below materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, 
financial position and results of operations (Vermögens-, Finanz- und Ertragslage) or general affairs of EWE. Moreover, 
if any of these risks occur, the market value of the Notes issued under the Programme and the likelihood that the Issuer 
will be in a position to fulfil its payment obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may decrease, in which 
case the holders of the Notes could lose all or part of their investments. Factors which the Issuer believes may be material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes issued under the Programme are also described 
below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
Notes issued under the Programme for other unknown reasons than those described below. Additional risks of which the 
Issuer is not presently aware could also affect the business operations of EWE and could also have a material adverse 
effect on its business activities, financial condition and results of operations. Prospective investors should read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The following risk factors are organised in categories depending on their respective nature. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes below shall have the same meanings in this 
section. 
Any prospective investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each prospective investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, 
including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal 
or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
The risk factors are divided into the following categories depending on their nature: 
Risk factors regarding EWE 
1. 
Macroeconomic and Political Risks 
2. 
Financial and Treasury Risks 
3. 
Market Risks 
4. 
Operational Risks 
5. 
Compliance, Regulatory and Legal Risks 
6. 
Strategic Risks 
Risk factors in respect of the Notes 
7. 
Risks related to the admission of the Notes to a Regulated Market 
8. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
9. 
Risks related to Environmental, Social and/or Green Bonds or Sustainable Bonds 
Risk factors regarding EWE  
The following is a description of the risk factors, which may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes issued under the Programme. 
1. 
Macroeconomic and Political Risks 
Russia-Ukraine Conflict 
On 24 February 2022, the ongoing tensions between Russia and Ukraine escalated into a military conflict. This created 
a comprehensive risk scenario for EWE Group affecting many areas of its operations. The gas supply in Europe and 
Germany is based to a significant extent on gas delivered via pipelines from Russia. In the event that transport 
infrastructure is destroyed or gas deliveries from Russia are suspended, there is a risk that EWE Group would not have 
sufficient gas to supply all of its customers. In such scenario, gas (to the extent available at all) would be supplied to 
certain customers in line with the national emergency gas supply regime (Gasnotfallplan) as determined by the German 
Federal Network Agency (Bundesnetzagentur – "BNetzA"). Furthermore, the EU and countries like the United States, 
UK, Switzerland, Canada, Japan, Australia and some other countries imposed a broad set of sanctions against Russia. 
The imposition of sanctions has led to demands from the Russian government to receive payment in rubles since 
1 April 2022 which increases risks of suspension of deliveries of gas. In addition, the Russian government has referred 
to maintenance issues on the gas transport infrastructure to justify intermittently reducing or suspending deliveries of 
gas. If any of the above risks materialises, this may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net 
assets, financial position and results of operations.  
The military conflict in Ukraine and the sanctions against Russia have also affected the global economy and trading 
relationships and supply chains in general. Overall, the distortions on the energy markets result in a significant economic 
burden for the energy sector, energy-intensive industries and private households, which is reflected in a deterioration of 
their respective credit ratings and solvency. This could lead to significant economic burdens for EWE, which would 
have an adverse effect on EWE's sales and potentially EWE customers' credit standing. In particular, a decline in sales 
and potential default of major customers and trading partners constitutes a risk for the EWE Group. 
High volatility in commodity prices could also constitute a stress factor for EWE's liquidity position, especially due to 
margin payments. Gas prices have already increased significantly due to the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Additionally, any 
disruptions of gas supplies will most likely lead to even higher gas prices in Germany and there is a risk that EWE may 
not be able to pass on higher costs to the customers. EWE's suppliers of gas may not be able to fulfill their obligations 
under procurement agreements requiring EWE to procure required gas amounts at higher prices. EWE may not be able 
to reclaim damages from its suppliers to a full extent or at all. Further, EWE acts as a primary utility company 
(Grundversorger) for gas customers in its area of business in case other suppliers cannot provide gas anymore. 
Insolvencies of other gas suppliers, particularly in EWE's area of business, could therefore pose a financial risk if more 
customers than expected have to be provided with a basic supply of gas at higher procurement prices. If any of the above 
risks materialise, this may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position 
and results of operations.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
Foreign Investment Risk 
Besides the German energy market, the EWE Group has also established itself in the Polish energy market, along with 
the foreign activities of Alterric GmbH, Aurich ("ALTERRIC"). Accordingly, the EWE Group is exposed to risks 
resulting from political, economic and social changes in these markets as well as to a general translation risk resulting 
from adverse developments of the respective currencies. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, 
prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
COVID-19 Pandemic Risk 
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, such as the outbreak 
of SARS-CoV-2 first identified in December 2019 and its associated disease ("COVID-19"), together with any measures 
aimed at mitigating a further expansion thereof, such as restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines, prolonged 
closures of workplaces, or curfews or other social distancing measures, have a material adverse effect on the global 
economy and international financial markets in general. As a consequence, reduced commercial activity results in risk 
of lower sales volumes. In addition, the deterioration of economic fundamentals increases the default risk of customers 
and trading partners of EWE. As a result of the abovementioned measures to mitigate expansion of pandemics, epidemics 
and outbreaks, projects regarding certain investments and innovations may be delayed and postponed. The above factors 
may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of 
operations. 
L-Gas Availability Risk 
The availability of low calorific gas ("L-Gas") is expected to decline significantly in the coming years due to decreases 
in production in Germany and The Netherlands. In addition, further earth movements and the resulting political pressure 
from affected residents in Groningenfeld could lead to a significant, short term reduction in Dutch imports of L-Gas. 
While the market is in a transition away from L-Gas and towards use of high calorific gas ("H-Gas"), there is a risk that 
this transition may take longer than expected. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, 
shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
2. 
Financial and Treasury Risks 
Credit Risk 
Credit or default risk describes the threat of economic loss if a business or trading partner is not able to meet its 
contractual obligations including obligations originating from leasing transactions. The maximum default risk is the 
carrying amount of the financial assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. Trading 
transactions bear the risk that the counterparty and trading partner is insolvent or unable to deliver. The risk can 
materialise if the trading partner defaults (e. g. in the case of bankruptcy) and can consist of: 
• 
Loss of receivables for physical merchandise and financial transactions; 
• 
Repurchase risk for purchase contracts if prices have since risen; 
• 
Non-acceptance risk for sales contracts if prices have since dropped. 
The Russia-Ukraine conflict in particular led to significant distortions on the energy market. The price rises increase the 
repurchase risk with trading partners and counterparties. 
In addition, EWE is exposed to risks in connection with the default of suppliers, customers, counterparties in the 
wholesale markets and/or business associates, specifically in the case of them becoming insolvent. In connection with 
the investment of cash and cash equivalents, the EWE Group is exposed to third parties with its invested positions. 
EWE considers it possible that the general probability of default will increase as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. 
In this case, credit risks with customers, suppliers and other business partners will also increase. In energy sales in 
particular, the default of business customers with high energy consumption and of private households which are faced 
with high energy prices over a longer period of time represents a significant credit risk. The above factors may adversely 
affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations.  
Liquidity Risk 
Macroeconomic factors, such as an economic downturn or the current Russian-Ukraine conflict, could have a material 
adverse effect on EWE's future liquidity. Liquidity is generated by EWE's operating cash flows, of which a large part is 
recurring, and by credit facilities available to EWE. However, adverse macroeconomic developments could affect EWE

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
Group's total liquidity if the overall financing costs increase or the lenders' ability to provide financing may decrease. 
Due to unforeseeable liquidity developments, especially from margin payments required for exchange traded commodity 
derivatives, EWE's liquidity situation is subject to uncertainty that could lead to deviations between actual and planned 
cash positions. High prices for energy and the high level of volatility on the commodity markets are resulting in 
significantly higher margin requirements than in the recent past. 
Potential outflows resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or the Russia-Ukraine conflict, are estimated using stress 
scenarios for different time periods. In case of a downgrade of the EWE Group, the financing conditions and business 
relationships (e.g. over-the-counter (OTC) trading limits) could be negatively affected. The above factors may adversely 
affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
Use of Financial Instruments Risk 
Financial instruments are regularly used to implement hedging strategies. Within the EWE Group, derivative financial 
instruments are predominantly used to hedge market price risks from the physical power and gas business. In addition, 
the Board of Management of EWE AG allowed EWE's trading company to take positions based on market expectations 
within strict limits in order to optimise the portfolio. In addition, the use of derivative financial instruments is associated 
with counterparty risks (for more information, see Credit Risks). 
To hedge energy trading and finance related price risks, EWE utilises power futures, gas futures, coal swaps, oil swaps, 
EUA and CER (European Union Allowances and Certified Emissions Reductions) futures contracts, and currency and 
interest rate hedges. 
Negative changes in the market value of the derivative financial instruments could have a negative impact on earnings 
as of the valuation date if hedge accounting cannot be applied; the above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, 
prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
Valuation Risk 
In general, the EWE Group is exposed to risks from changes in value of assets and liabilities such as e.g. pension 
liabilities, provisions for rehabilitation and dismantling or equity investments that can inherently result from increasing 
capital market interest rates and fluctuating exchange rates as well as the business prospects of individual companies 
becoming permanently worse. In addition to the valuation effect, the rise in capital market interest rates seen over the 
last months will deteriorate conditions for future financing requirements. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's 
business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
3. 
Market Risks 
Volume Risk 
In the energy business with end consumers, EWE faces the risk that actual sales could deviate from forecast sales in 
terms of quantity or structure. For example, gas consumption in particular is highly dependent on weather conditions. In 
addition, as a primary utility company, EWE is obliged to accept new customers for supply at short notice if their energy 
provider terminates their contract or ceases deliveries due to insolvency. Considerable additional costs can arise if prices 
are high and volatile and the extra volumes have to be procured or resold at short notice. This results in quantity risks to 
both sales and network operations. Further, the quantities of power and gas sold are secured via short term, medium term 
and long term procurement strategies. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' 
equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
The performance of EWE's wind parks is heavily dependent on wind conditions. Wind energy yield forecasts are 
prepared on the basis of current appraisals. There is a risk that reduced wind conditions will result in deviations from the 
actual wind energy yield. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net 
assets, financial position and results of operations. 
Market Price Risk 
EWE faces volatility in national and international energy procurement, production and sales markets, resulting in 
constantly high market price risks and profitability margin risks, primarily in the areas of sales. Unscheduled changes to 
cost elements outside of EWE's control could also have a negative effect on profitability margins, both in sales as well 
as in network operations. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net 
assets, financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
4. 
Operational Risks 
IT-Risk 
Due to the increasing digitalisation of the EWE Group's business processes together with widely dispersed, increasingly 
cloud-based information processing and the interconnectedness of business segments and digital infrastructures, EWE 
Group depends on secure, reliable and robust information processing. From a business and legal perspective, information 
security requirements have gained significant importance for EWE. There is a risk that the systems and measures 
established by the information security function fail and cannot prevent system failures or security incidents which may 
e.g. significantly harm EWE's operational processes and its supervision. Targeted attacks on IT systems have also 
become a component of military warfare and particularly in connection with the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, there 
is an increased risk of spill over beyond the current area of conflict, of increasing attacks on IT solutions and systems 
through which even physical infrastructure can be destroyed or damaged. Additional efforts to adjust prevention 
measures to the increased threat environment lead to higher prevention costs. The breach of any of these aims poses a 
risk to EWE and may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and 
results of operations.  
Technological Risk 
Operational risks to EWE result both from the operation of technologically complex systems at all stages of the value 
creation chain as well as due to unscheduled interruptions to scheduled process workflows. For the operation of plant 
and machinery, it is necessary that various machines and components function accurately to ensure proper operation. It 
cannot be ruled out that defects in these machines and components, some of which are installed numerously, occur and 
lead to the fact that the operation of plants is not possible or only to a limited extent. In addition to technical defects, 
geological changes during the operation of gas storage facilities can also affect the shape and stability of underground 
caverns and limit the operation of gas storage facilities. These operational risks could lead to loss in revenue and profit 
and furthermore, there may be additional costs associated with the repair and replacement of defect machines and 
components, which would not or only in part be reimbursed by the responsible manufacturer. The above factors may 
adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
Terrorism Risk 
As an operator of critical energy infrastructure with storage, generation and grid assets across and beyond its supply 
area, EWE is vulnerable to physical attacks on the integrity of these assets by privat or state-controlled actors. Due to 
the direct impact of malfunctioning energy infrastructure on the basic needs of the population and the economy energy 
assets are an attractive target for politically motivated terrorism. Especially in a military conflict environment as the 
current military conflict in Ukraine the likelihood of terrorist attacks as a means to further political or military objectives 
increases substantially. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net 
assets, financial position and results of operations. 
HR Risk 
A key success factor in EWE's operating and strategic corporate development is EWE's personnel. In this respect, EWE 
is exposed to the risk of not having a sufficient number of employees with the necessary qualifications or skills depending 
on endogenous and exogenous factors, such as employer attractiveness and demographic changes. When recruiting in 
the relevant target groups, for example, this risk is primarily caused by competition on the labour market from other 
companies and stricter conditions for the energy industry. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, 
prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations.  
5. 
Compliance, Regulatory and Legal Risks 
Compliance Risk 
EWE receives public funding for various research and innovation activities and receives indirect public funding for the 
development of fiber network infrastructure. The funding is directly linked to correct use and booking of the funding. 
To ensure this, the funding bodies can carry out audits several years after submission of the proof of use. If incorrect use 
is found, the funding body can reclaim the funding. Any such audit or reclaim may negatively affect EWE's opportunities 
for receiving public funding in the future and may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net 
assets, financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
EWE is subject to the German public procurement law if it concludes contracts in its capacity as public principal and if 
no exemptions apply (sections 98 et seqq. of the German Act Against Restraints of Competition – Gesetz gegen 
Wettbewerbsbeschränkungen, "GWB"). 
If a public principal does not comply with the rules of the GWB, competitors are allowed to (i) initiate proceedings to 
achieve a revision of the conclusion of the contract or (ii) claim damages before civil courts. EWE may become subject 
to such proceedings if EWE does not fully comply with German public procurement law. Furthermore, pursuant to the 
GWB, contracts are void if they have been concluded under violation of the obligation to publicly advertise for bids if 
this violation is asserted within a period of six months after conclusion of the contract. It cannot be excluded that such 
proceedings are opened in certain singular cases. Such proceedings may lead to substantial economic disadvantages, in 
particular if competitors successfully claim damages or EWE is required to obey an unfavourable result of a revision of 
conclusions of contracts. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net 
assets, financial position and results of operations. 
In addition, EWE is exposed to an increasing number of other compliance risks. These risks result from increased activity 
on the part of national and EU legislators and authorities, e.g. compliance risks resulting from potential violations of 
anti-trust, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering legislation. Furthermore, there are also risks from the violation of 
data protection regulation given the increase in statutory requirements, advancing digitalisation and rising data 
processing volumes. The realisation of one or more of these compliance risks could have adverse effects on EWE's 
reputation, business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
Regulatory Risk  
Within the scope of its business activities in Germany and other countries in which it is active, the EWE Group is faced 
with numerous legal risks that result from both general legal provisions as well as special, industry specific legal, 
regulatory and miscellaneous requirements. Significant and sometimes unexpected changes in this context may have a 
negative impact on future prospects of EWE's business or part of it. For example, risks may arise out of new acts or the 
determination of network charges by the German Federal Network Agency (Bundesnetzagentur) or further amendments 
to the Renewable Energy Act ("EEG"). Due to the adjustments of the provisions of the EEG, EWE may receive less 
compensation for marketing renewable energy. The increasing market integration of renewable energies may lead to 
further adjustments in the EEG. Risks may also arise from legal requirements to adjust tariff prices when renewing 
energy supply contracts and the provisions of the Ordinance on Concession Fees for Electricity and Gas 
(Konzessionsabgabenverordnung) for billing electricity supplies to customers. The above factors may adversely affect 
EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
In addition to legislative initiatives to support distressed companies, a levy on so-called "windfall profits" of electricity 
producers that have profited from the high energy prices of recent months is also being considered by the German Federal 
Government as a reaction to the Russia-Ukraine conflict. This levy would affect electricity generation from renewable 
and fossil fuels equally. The determination of windfall profits and such levy may have a negative impact on EWE's 
business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations.  
Legal Risk 
EWE can be exposed to risks resulting from legal disputes or governmental, administrative or other official procedures. 
To cover significant legal risks, EWE has taken out a liability insurance policy. However, EWE's insurance does not 
protect against any damage to EWE's reputation. Additionally, through legal disputes EWE can suffer losses beyond the 
amount covered by the insurance, not covered by the insurance or in excess of any provisions EWE has formed for losses 
from legal disputes. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, 
financial position and results of operations. 
The Higher Regional Court (Oberlandesgericht) Düsseldorf set aside the approval by the German Federal Cartel Office 
(Bundeskartellamt) of the Glasfaser NordWest GmbH & Co. KG, which is a joint venture between EWE AG and 
Telekom Deutschland GmbH ("TDG") and did not grant leave to appeal. The German Federal Cartel Office 
(Bundeskartellamt), EWE AG and TDG filed a complaint against the denial of leave to appeal with the German Federal 
Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof – "BGH"). Should the BGH reject the complaint against this decision, the German 
Federal Cartel Office (Bundeskartellamt) must immediately initiate a new approval procedure ex officio, otherwise the 
BGH will review the Higher Regional Court's decision in appeal proceedings of its own. Should the BGH reject the 
complaint against the decision, the German Federal Cartel Office's (Bundeskartellamt) decision will be final which may 
adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
6. 
Strategic Risks  
Project and Investment Risk 
Risks may arise from the EWE Group's project activities. These can result particularly from changes in the regulatory 
framework, the assumed premises, or economic conditions, such as continuing hikes of interest rates following recent 
decisions by the European Central Bank ("ECB") which would in turn increase the required rate of return for project 
activities. This includes the risk that actual project costs exceed planned costs, that construction delays may occur e.g. 
as the result of the regulatory approval process or that construction could even be stopped by an authority. The expansion 
of the transmission grid regularly faces opposition from local or regional interest groups, which may cause delays. The 
COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine conflict have affected global supply chains, resulting in additional material 
procurement costs and delivery delays for EWE. This may lead to delays or non-achievement of planned project or 
investment targets and adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position 
and results of operations. 
Market Structure Risk 
Changes to the market environment in the energy sector as well as adjustments to underlying legal, political and social 
conditions continue to pose a key risk to EWE's long term business development in terms of key financial targets in the 
EWE Group's individual segments. 
This relates in particular to the systemic configuration of the European energy sector that is undergoing significant 
change due to EU initiatives. Most important is the EU target to further decarbonise the energy system. The production 
and use of energy across economic sectors account for more than 75 per cent. of greenhouse gas emissions in the EU. 
The European Commission adopted a set of proposals to make the EU's climate, energy, transport and taxation policies 
fit for reducing net greenhouse gas emissions by at least 55 per cent. by 2030, compared to 1990 levels. The related 
numerous proposals cover a wide range of topics that are relevant to ensure the transition and will lead as well to 
structural market changes. To achieve this transition, it is essential to ensure that the European energy market is fully 
integrated, interconnected and digitalised, while respecting technological neutrality. 
In addition, the European Commission has introduced a plan to make Europe independent from Russian fossil fuels well 
before 2030, in light of Russia's invasion of Ukraine (REPowerEU). Ending the EU's reliance on Russian fossil fuels 
will require a massive scale-up of renewables as well as faster electrification and replacement of fossil-based heat and 
fuel in industry, buildings and the transport sector. 
All of the above market changes will require EWE to make significant investments and previous investments may not 
develop as planned or intended and may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, 
financial position and results of operations. 
There is also a risk of losing existing concessions and therefore also parts of the grid. In general, concession agreements 
for power and gas have a maximum term of 20 years and are subsequently rewarded in a competitive procedure. In this 
procedure, EWE competes against other providers for the power and gas concessions for municipalities. Sometimes, 
efforts are made to deprivatise the concessions to gain greater influence over the energy networks. Since 2013, EWE has 
given the towns and municipalities in EWE's area of operation the opportunity to invest in EWE NETZ GmbH. Since a 
concession is the precondition for operating a power and gas network, loss of such concession would make the affected 
network infrastructure of EWE inoperable and lead to a corresponding loss of revenue and profit. The above factors may 
adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
Consumer Behavior Risk 
The vision of the future European energy system propels the self-sufficiency ambitions that are already increasing in 
light of the guiding principles of the German energy transition. While to date, these have been mostly aimed at balanced 
power self-sufficiency this trend could continue toward full self-sufficiency. Similar to power, self-sufficiency ambitions 
can also be observed in relation to gas, in particular against the backdrop of the electrification of the heating sector, for 
example through heat pumps. The uncertainties concerning supply of gas due to the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the 
related increases in energy prices may increase self-sufficiency ambitions and accelerate the ambition of consumers to 
switch from fossil fuels to more sustainable and cheaper solutions (e.g. heat pumps). Lower grid usage could have 
negative effects on the cost efficiency of natural gas networks. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, 
prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
Energy providers must assume new roles in a largely prosumer (producer plus consumer) society. Changes in customers' 
consumption due to increasing efficiency and local energy solutions are already discernible. In this respect, it is essential 
to contain the strategic risk that key market trends may be recognised too late and new products developed too slowly. 
The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position 
and results of operations. 
Sustainability Risk 
Sustainability criteria determine much of the political debate about alternative drive technologies, the integrated energy 
transition and coupling of the energy, heating and mobility sectors. A fuel transition is expected in the long term in order 
to achieve the long term CO2 targets and due to the finite supply of fossil fuels. It is to be expected that the energy supply 
transition will be accelerated, not least due to the German government's or EU's new climate targets, the strategic plan 
REPowerEU especially with regard to address the consequences of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the European Green 
Deal (e.g. including the implementation of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy")). A related boost to the electricity sector will likely be realised 
on the back of a reduction in fossil fuel use. However, hydrogen could also become a primary energy carrier and 
substitute for conventional energy sources since it can be generated with a low environmental impact using power-to-X 
technologies (electricity conversion to e.g. gas for energy storage). The transformation of the economy under these 
sustainability criteria poses a risk, should EWE not be able to adapt its business model to function in and profit from the 
changing economic and market environment. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, 
shareholders' equity, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
Digitalisation Risk 
Society's increasing digitalisation is creating opportunities for energy service providers such as EWE. At the same time, 
it is lowering barriers to market entry for competitors from other industries. In order to strengthen the use of digital 
business models and optimise existing models, data sciences are increasingly being applied and institutionalised in the 
form of a data lab. The above factors may adversely affect EWE's business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, 
financial position and results of operations. 
Risk factors in respect of the Notes 
7. 
Risks related to the admission of the Notes to a Regulated Market 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to admit the Notes to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, 
the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange or may not be listed at all. Regardless of 
whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop 
or, if it does develop, that it will continue. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any 
time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on certain factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels, 
the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand for the 
relevant type of Notes. The holders of Notes (the "Holders") are therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable 
development of market prices of their Notes which materialise if the Holders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of 
such Notes. If a Holder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
8. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate (i) whether the Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to maturity (optional 
call right) on one or several dates or within one or several periods determined beforehand, (ii) if the Issuer has the right 
to redeem the Notes early at the make-whole redemption amount or (iii) if the Issuer has the right to redeem the Notes 
early if 75 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or purchased by the 
Issuer or any direct or indirect subsidiary. In addition, the Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if it is 
required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
Conditions. If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to an early 
redemption event, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption his investment will 
have a lower than expected yield. In this event, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
comparable securities with an effective interest rate as high as that of the redeemed Notes. 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries, particularly creditors of debt 
assumed on the level of ALTERRIC 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, 
including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, 
such as ALTERRIC, will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of 
creditors of its parent company (i.e. the Issuer). In the event of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, 
administration, reorganisation, insolvency, receivership or similar proceeding of any subsidiary of the Issuer such as 
ALTERRIC, such subsidiary will pay the holders of its own debt (including holders of third-party debt which such 
subsidiaries have guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any of their assets to the Issuer. As a result, the 
Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes. 
Risks in connection with the Application of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities 
If the relevant provisions of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") are specified in the Final Terms to apply to a certain Tranche of Notes, a Holder is 
subject to the risk of being outvoted and of losing rights against the Issuer against his will in the case that other Holders 
agree to amendments of the Conditions by majority vote according to the SchVG. Inter alia, Holders may decide that a 
request of other Holders holding at least one tenth in the principal amount of Notes then outstanding to declare their 
Notes due in the events specified in § 9 (1)(b) or (1)(c) of the Conditions shall not be valid. In the case of an appointment 
of a common representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) for all Holders, the Holders may lose, in whole or in part, the 
possibility to individually enforce and claim their rights against the Issuer. 
Payments under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax pursuant to the German Defence against Tax Havens 
Act 
Pursuant to section 10 of the German Defence against Tax Havens Act (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz – "DTHA"), which 
entered into force in Germany on 1 January 2022, income inter alia generated from financial relationships 
(Finanzierungsbeziehungen) is subject to a withholding tax if the creditor of such financial relationships is resident in a 
non-cooperative tax jurisdiction (nicht kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) which is mentioned on the EU list of non-
cooperative tax jurisdictions. 
Since there are currently neither official guidelines from the legislator and/or the German tax authorities nor court rulings 
on the interpretation of the term 'financial relationships' (Finanzierungsbeziehungen) available, it cannot be excluded 
that issuers of exchange listed bonds such as the Notes are obliged to effect a deduction from the payment under such 
bonds to Holders resident in non-cooperative tax jurisdictions pursuant to the DTHA. 
Should this be the case, the Issuer would be obliged to effect a withholding of taxes from payments of interest made to 
Holders resident in non-cooperative tax jurisdictions. Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, in this situation 
no additional amounts would be paid to such Holders as would be necessary for the net amounts received by such Holders 
after such withholding or deduction to be equal to the respective amounts which would have been receivable without 
such withholding or deduction. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
A Holder of a Note bearing a fixed interest rate ("Fixed Rate Note") is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note 
falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Note, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market 
interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Note also 
changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically falls, 
until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the price 
of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. 
If the holder of a Fixed Rate Note holds such Note until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance 
to such holder as the Note will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Note.

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
Floating Rate Notes 
A Holder of a Note bearing a floating interest rate ("Floating Rate Note") is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest 
rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of 
Floating Rate Notes in advance. In the event that the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns 
negative, the interest rate will be below the margin, if any, and may be zero and accordingly, the Holders of Floating 
Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest periods. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future 
development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Specific Risks linked to EURIBOR 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are 
deemed "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a Benchmark. 
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a Benchmark and 
the use of a Benchmark within the EU. It requires, among other things, (i) Benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed), and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any other 
Benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the EURIBOR or such other Benchmark are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. The new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has 
already been adapted to the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. However, the EURIBOR is also subject to 
constant review and revision. It is currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and 
beyond 2025. Further, such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the EURIBOR or such other Benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to such Benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmarks; 
or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations could have a material adverse effect on 
the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any other Benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that if a Benchmark to which any Notes are linked, were discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest on such Notes will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions 
applicable to such Notes, which in the end could result in the same rate being applied until maturity of the Floating Rate 
Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest. 
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for floating rate Notes which are 
linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. 
Under these fallback provisions, the Issuer shall endeavour to appoint an independent adviser, which must be an 
independent financial institution or independent financial adviser. Such independent adviser will be tasked with 
determining whether a recognised successor rate to the discontinued Benchmark exists. If that is not the case, the 
independent adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate. Any such successor rate or alternative rate may be subject to 
the application of adjustments or spreads. If the independent adviser determines a successor rate or alternative rate, such 
rate will replace the previous Benchmark for purposes of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination 
will be binding for the Issuer, the Fiscal and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Holders. Any adjustment 
pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply to the immediately following interest period and any subsequent interest 
period may be subject to the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
If the Issuer cannot appoint an independent adviser or if the independent adviser cannot determine a successor rate or 
alternative rate following a discontinuation of a relevant Benchmark, the last determined rate of the discontinued 
Benchmark will continue to apply for future interest periods of the relevant Notes until a successor rate or alternative 
rate was determined in accordance with the fallback provisions. 
Finally, under the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, the European Commission was also granted powers to designate 
a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of an EU Member State (such 
as the Notes), where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. There can be no assurance, that the fallback 
provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable. Accordingly, there is a risk that any Notes linked to or referencing 
a Benchmark would be transitioned to a replacement Benchmark selected by the European Commission. There is no 
certainty at this stage what any such replacement Benchmark would be. 
9. 
Risks related to Environmental, Social and/or Green Bonds or Sustainable Bonds 
The Issuer may decide to allocate an amount, which at the Issue Date of the relevant Notes is equal to the net proceeds 
of the issue of Notes issued to fund projects and activities that promote social and environmental purposes 
("Eligible Green Projects"). In May 2021, EWE AG established a "Green Finance Framework" which further 
specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green Projects. The Green Finance Framework can be accessed on the 
website of the Issuer (https://www.ewe.com/-/media/ewecom/downloads/investor-relations/anleihen-und-rating/ewe-
green-finance-framework-final.pdf). For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Finance Framework nor the content 
of the website are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds 
and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary for the purpose of assessing the suitability of an investment in such Notes in light of its investment 
criteria, guidelines, requirements or expectations. Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such 
Tranche of Notes, the Issuer may refer to such Notes as "green bonds" or "sustainable bonds". No assurance is given by 
the Issuer, any of the Dealers or any other person that the Eligible Green Projects will meet or continue to meet on an 
ongoing basis any or all investor expectations regarding investment in "environmental", "green" or "sustainable" or 
similarly labels (including the EU Taxonomy). 
On 9 March 2020, the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance published its final report on the EU taxonomy 
containing recommendations relating to the overarching design of the EU Taxonomy, as well as extensive 
implementation guidance on how companies and financial institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy, 
including in relation to a future European standard for green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert Group on 
Sustainable Finance in 2019 (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). On 22 June 2020, the EU Taxonomy entered into force. 
It will amend Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability and related disclosures in the financial services sector. 
On 6 July 2021 the European Commission proposed a regulation on a voluntary European Green Bond Standard. 
The standard will use the definitions of green economic activities in the EU Taxonomy to define what is considered a 
green investment. The green or sustainable bonds issued under this Programme may not at any time be eligible for 
the Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of "European green bond" or "EuGB" nor is the Issuer under any obligation 
to take steps to have any green or sustainable bonds become eligible for such designation. 
In the event that any Tranche of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect 
to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained in respect of any Tranche of Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained during the life of that Tranche of Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of any Notes so specified 
for Eligible Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms (for additional 
information on Eligible Green Projects, prospective investors should refer to the Green Finance Framework), there can 
be no assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue will be totally 
or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results 
or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
A failure of any Eligible Green Projects to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their "green", "sustainable" 
or equivalent characteristics, any failure by the Issuer to allocate or reallocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
any particular issue to fund Eligible Green Projects at any time, the failure by the Issuer to report on any use of proceeds 
or Eligible Green Projects, any change in the performance of the Eligible Green Projects (including the loss of any 
"green", "sustainable" or equivalent characteristics), any failure by the Issuer to comply with its general environmental 
or similar targets, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or certification in connection with an 
issue of bonds, the Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market 
as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes 
as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). However, none of these events 
specified above nor any mismatch between the duration of the relevant Eligible Green Projects and the term of the 
relevant Notes will (i) give rise to any claim by a Holder against the Issuer or any of the Dealers; (ii) constitute a breach 
or default under the terms of the relevant Notes or breach of contract with respect to the relevant Notes; (iii) give a right 
to Holders to request the early redemption or acceleration of the relevant Notes; or (iv) lead to an obligation of the Issuer 
to redeem the relevant Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of the relevant Notes. 
The Issuer has appointed ISS-ESG to provide a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") on the Issuer's 
Green Finance Framework. Such Second Party Opinion provides an opinion regarding the alignment of the Issuer's 
Green Finance Framework with relevant market standards and its robustness and credibility in the meaning of such 
market standards. The Second Party Opinion can be accessed on the website of the Issuer (https://www.ewe.com/-
/media/ewecom/downloads/investor-relations/anleihen-und-rating/ewe-final-spo.pdf). The Second Party Opinion and 
any other such opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment 
in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security 
or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. The Second 
Party Opinion does not form part of this Prospectus and is only an opinion and not a statement of fact. Holders will have 
no recourse against the provider of any Second Party Opinion.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of 
Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions", each such set of Terms and Conditions an "Option") as further specified 
by the provisions of the Final Terms as set out below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for 
the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates; 
Documentation of the Conditions  
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which Option, including 
certain further sub-options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by 
replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant Option as set out in this 
Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the respective Option shall constitute the 
Conditions of the Notes, which will be attached to each Global Note representing the Notes. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which Option, including certain further sub-options contained 
therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue by only referring to the specific sections of the 
relevant Option. The Final Terms will then specify that the provisions in the Final Terms and the relevant Option, 
taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each Global Note representing a Tranche of Notes will have the 
Final Terms and the relevant Option as set out in this Prospectus attached. 
Choice of Options  
The Final Terms shall determine in the first step which Option shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. Each 
of the Options contains also certain further sub-options (characterised by indicating the optional provision through 
instructions and explanatory notes set out in the square brackets within the text of the relevant Option) as well as 
placeholders (characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) which, based on the features determined 
for the specific issue of Notes, will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
 
- Determination of selections 
The Issuer will determine which selections will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant 
provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the sections of the relevant Option. If the Final Terms 
do not replicate or refer to an alternative or optional provision, such provision shall be deemed to be deleted from the 
Conditions. 
 
- Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant Option will be completed. In 
case of replication of the applicable provisions the placeholders will be completed in the respective Option. In case the 
provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant Option, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant Option 
shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted 
in the placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets and not chosen in the relevant 
Option and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and 
Conditions.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
- Deletion of Options and Placeholders in the Final Terms 
When preparing the Final Terms the Issuer may, in the case that the Final Terms together with the relevant Option 
represent the Conditions, delete not chosen or filled in placeholders or, as the case may be, provisions that are not 
applicable for reasons of readability. 
 
- Controlling Language  
The Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language in the Conditions.

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for two options: 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest rates. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with floating interest rates. 
Each of these Options contains certain further sub-options, which are characterised accordingly by indicating the 
respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out in square brackets within the Option. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which Option including certain further sub-options contained therein, 
respectively, shall apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the relevant provisions or by 
referring to the relevant options. 
To the extent that upon the approval of this Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of certain items which are applicable 
to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square brackets which include the relevant 
items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
Die Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen (die "Emissionsbedingungen") sind nachfolgend in zwei 
Optionen aufgeführt. 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Der Satz von Emissionsbedingungen für jede dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die entsprechend 
gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen in eckigen 
Klammern innerhalb der Option bezeichnet wird. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, welche der Optionen (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, 
indem entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf 
eine einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Platzhalter in eckigen 
Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
English Language Version 
German Language Version 
(Deutsche Fassung der Emissionsbedingungen) 
[In case the options applicable to an individual issue are 
to be determined by referring in the Final Terms to the 
relevant options contained in the set of Terms and 
Conditions for Option I or Option II: 
[Im Fall, dass die Optionen, die für eine einzelne 
Emission anwendbar sind, in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen durch Verweis auf die weiteren Optionen 
bestimmt 
werden, 
die 
im 
Satz 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen der Option I oder Option II 
enthalten sind: 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to 
the Notes as completed by the terms of the final terms 
which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The 
blanks in the provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be 
completed by the information contained in the Final 
Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks 
of such provisions; alternative or optional provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions as to which the 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not 
completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions; and all provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the 
Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text 
set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give 
effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final 
Terms may be obtained free of charge at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent and at the principal office of 
the Issuer provided that, in the case of Notes which are 
not listed on any stock exchange, copies of the relevant 
Final Terms will only be available to Holders of such 
Notes.] 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen gelten 
für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die 
Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen 
(die "Endgültigen 
Bedingungen") 
vervollständigt 
werden. 
Die 
Leerstellen 
in 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
dieser Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in den 
endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
enthaltenen 
Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären; 
alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die 
gestrichen 
sind, 
gelten 
als 
aus 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der 
Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
gestrichen, 
so 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung 
erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind 
kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle sowie bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der 
Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden 
Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich für 
die Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with 
fixed interest rates 
OPTION I – Emissionsbedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
§ 1 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
BEGRIFFSBESTIMMUNGEN 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes 
(the "Notes") 
of 
EWE 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(the "Issuer") is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [in case the Global Note 
is an NGN the following applies: (subject to 
§ 1 (4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination 
of 
[Specified 
Denomination] 
(the "Specified Denomination"). 
(1) Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
EWE 
Aktiengesellschaft (die "Emittentin") wird in 
[festgelegte 
Währung] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1 (4))] 
von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
in 
Worten]) 
in 
einer 
Stückelung 
von 
[festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
(die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
[In case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note the following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented 
by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global 
Note shall be signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued.] 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
[In case of Notes which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note the following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Temporary Global Note — Exchange. 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde — Austausch. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global 
Note") 
without 
coupons. 
The 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable 
for Notes in the Specified Denomination 
represented by a permanent global note 
(the "Permanent 
Global 
Note") 
without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by 
two authorised signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of 
the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen jeweils die Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin 
und 
sind 
jeweils 
von 
der

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged 
for the Permanent Global Note on a date 
(the "Exchange Date") not earlier than 40 days 
after the date of issue of the Temporary Global 
Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is 
not a U.S. person (other than certain financial 
institutions or certain persons holding Notes 
through such financial institutions). Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after delivery of 
such certifications. A separate certification shall 
be required in respect of each such payment of 
interest. Any such certification received on or 
after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a 
request to exchange such Temporary Global 
Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this 
§ 1 (3). Any securities delivered in exchange for 
the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered 
only outside of the United States (as defined in 
§ 6 (2)).] 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem 
Tag (der "Austauschtag"), der nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt, ausgetauscht. 
Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage 
von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der 
oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen 
sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf 
durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach 
Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer 
jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag 
nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde 
gemäß Absatz (b) dieses § 1 (3) auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu 
liefern (wie in § 6 (2) definiert).] 
(4) Clearing System. Each global note representing the 
Notes will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under 
the 
Notes 
have 
been 
satisfied. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than one 
Clearing System, the following applies: each of] the 
following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main 
("CBF")] 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
Luxembourg, ("CBL")] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")]. 
(4) Clearing System. Jede die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefende Globalurkunde wird von einem 
Clearing System oder im Namen eines Clearing 
Systems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt sind. "Clearing System" bedeutet [bei mehr 
als 
einem 
Clearing 
System 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils] 
folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL")] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] [CBL und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs"]. 
[In case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is an NGN, the following 
applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.  
The principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from time 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression means the 
records that each ICSD holds for its customers which 
reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen 
die Register zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für 
seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, 
und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Nennbetrag der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that the details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation 
(as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung und Zahlung 
bzw. 
Kauf 
und 
Löschung 
bezüglich 
der 
Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden und dass nach dieser Eintragung 
vom Nennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen wird. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that the details of such exchange shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
Bei Austausch bloß eines Anteils von ausschließlich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
[In case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and represented by a CGN, the following 
applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt und die durch eine 
CGN verbrieft werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes. 
(5) Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren 
Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
§ 2 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and 
pari 
passu 
with 
all 
other 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind,

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
obligations are accorded priority under mandatory 
provisions of statutory law. 
soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch 
zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any of the Notes remain 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of 
principal and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes (i) 
not to grant or permit to subsist any encumbrance in 
rem over any or all of its present or future assets as 
security for any present or future Capital Market 
Indebtedness 
(as 
defined 
below) 
issued 
or 
guaranteed by the Issuer or by any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) or by any other 
person, and (ii) to procure (to the extent legally 
possible and permissible) that none of its Principal 
Subsidiaries will grant or permit to subsist any 
encumbrance in rem over any or all of its present or 
future assets, as security for any present or future 
Capital Market Indebtedness issued or guaranteed by 
the Issuer or by any of its Principal Subsidiaries or 
by any other person, without at the same time having 
the Holders share equally and rateably in such 
security or such other security as may have been 
approved by an independent accounting firm of 
recognised 
international 
standing 
as 
being 
equivalent security. Any security which may have to 
be provided pursuant to this § 2 (2) may, 
alternatively, also be provided to a bank, financial 
institution or accounting firm of recognised 
international standing acting as trustee for the 
Holders. Sentence one shall not apply in relation to 
encumbrances granted as security for Capital Market 
Indebtedness 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle 
zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, (i) weder ihr 
gegenwärtiges noch ihr zukünftiges Vermögen ganz 
oder teilweise zur Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie 
unten definiert), die von der Emittentin, einer ihrer 
wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (wie unten 
definiert) oder einer anderen Person eingegangen 
oder gewährleistet ist, dinglich zu belasten oder eine 
solche Belastung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu 
lassen, 
und 
(ii) 
ihre 
wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
zu 
veranlassen 
(soweit 
rechtlich möglich 
und zulässig), 
weder ihr 
gegenwärtiges noch ihr zukünftiges Vermögen ganz 
oder teilweise zur Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, die 
von der Emittentin, einer ihrer wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften oder einer anderen Person 
eingegangen oder gewährleistet ist, dinglich zu 
belasten oder eine solche Belastung zu diesem 
Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die 
Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit oder einer 
sonstigen 
Sicherheit, 
welche 
von 
einer 
unabhängigen Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft von 
internationalem Rang als gleichwertige Sicherheit 
anerkannt wurde, im gleichen Rang und gleichen 
Verhältnis teilnehmen zu lassen. Jede gemäß diesem 
§ 2 (2) zu gewährende Sicherheit kann auch zu 
Gunsten einer bzw. einer/s als Treuhänderin der 
Gläubiger 
handelnden 
Finanzinstituts 
oder 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
von 
internationalem Rang bestellt werden. Satz 1 ist 
nicht 
auf 
als 
Sicherheit 
für 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
bestellte 
Belastungen anwendbar, 
(a) by a person 
(a) welche von einer Person bestellt wurden, 
(i) which becomes a Principal Subsidiary after 
the Issue Date (as defined in § 3 (1)); or 
(i) die nach dem Begebungstag (wie in § 3 (1) 
definiert) 
eine 
wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft wird; oder 
(ii) which is merged with the Issuer or a 
Principal Subsidiary after the Issue Date 
(as defined § 3 (1)); 
(ii) die nach dem Begebungstag (wie in § 3 (1) 
definiert) mit der Emittentin oder einer 
wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaft 
verschmolzen wird; 
(b) affecting any asset acquired by the Issuer or a 
Principal Subsidiary after the Issue Date (as 
defined in § 3 (1)) where such encumbrance is 
already in existence at the time of such 
(b) welche 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft nach dem 
Begebungstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 3 (1) 
definiert) 
erworbene Vermögenswerte betreffen, sofern

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
acquisition, is not created in contemplation 
thereof and where the principal amount secured 
is not increased after such acquisition; 
die Belastung zum Zeitpunkt dieses Erwerbs 
schon bestand, nicht im Hinblick auf diesen 
Erwerb bestellt wurde und der besicherte Betrag 
nicht nach dem Zeitpunkt dieses Erwerbs erhöht 
wurde; 
(c) the purpose of which is to finance in whole or 
in part or to refinance the acquisition, 
establishment or development of projects 
(Projektfinanzierungen) after the Issue Date (as 
defined in § 3 (1)), provided that the recourse of 
the holders of Capital Market Indebtedness is 
limited to assets pertaining to such project 
(including any interest in project companies); or 
(c) welche zur Besicherung der vollständigen oder 
teilweisen Finanzierung oder Refinanzierung 
des Erwerbs, der Errichtung oder Entwicklung 
von Projekten (Projektfinanzierungen) nach 
dem Begebungstag (wie in § 3 (1) definiert) 
bestellt wurden, sofern der Rückgriff der 
Gläubiger aus der Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
auf die zu einem solchen Projekt gehörenden 
Vermögenswerte (einschließlich von Anteilen 
an Projektgesellschaften) beschränkt ist; oder 
(d) in satisfaction of a claim under sections 125, 22 
of 
the 
German 
Transformation 
Act 
(Umwandlungsgesetz). 
(d) welche zur Erfüllung eines Anspruchs gemäß 
§§ 125, 
22 
Umwandlungsgesetz 
bestellt 
wurden. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means in these 
Terms and Conditions (i) any current or future 
obligation for the repayment of borrowed money 
which is in the form of, or represented by, notes or 
other securities which are or are capable of being 
listed or traded on a stock exchange or another 
multilateral trading facility or for which listing or 
trading is anticipated, (ii) each assignable loan 
(Schuldscheindarlehen) which exceeds a total 
amount of € 100,000,000 during the term of the 
Notes and (iii) any guarantee or other security 
granted for such obligation.  
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" im Sinne dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen ist (i) jede gegenwärtige oder 
zukünftige 
Verbindlichkeit 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge, 
die 
durch 
Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere, 
die an einer Börse oder an einem anderen 
multilateralen Handelssystem notiert oder gehandelt 
werden oder werden können oder hinsichtlich derer 
ein solcher Handel beabsichtigt ist, verbrieft, 
verkörpert oder dokumentiert sind sowie (ii) jedes 
Schuldscheindarlehen, das über die Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen einen Gesamtbetrag von 
€ 100.000.000 übersteigt und (iii) jede Garantie oder 
sonstige 
Gewährleistung 
einer 
solchen 
Verbindlichkeit.  
"Principal Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary (as 
defined below) of the Issuer, the total assets and/or 
EBITDA (as defined below) of which, as determined 
by reference to its latest audited annual financial 
statements, as at the date at which those financial 
statements were prepared or, as the case may be, for 
the financial period to which those financial 
statements relate, account for 7.5 per cent. or more of 
the total assets and/or EBITDA of the Group (as 
defined below) (determined by reference to the latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group). "Group" means the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries from time to time, taken as a whole. 
"Subsidiary" means at any time any enterprise 
which was fully consolidated in the latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer. 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine 
Tochtergesellschaft (wie unten definiert) der 
Emittentin, deren in ihrem letzten geprüften 
Jahresabschluss ausgewiesene Summe der Aktiva 
und/oder EBITDA (wie unten definiert), zum 
Zeitpunkt dieses Abschlusses bzw. für den Zeitraum, 
auf den sich dieser Abschluss bezieht, mindestens 
7,5 % der im letzten geprüften Konzernabschluss 
ausgewiesenen Summe der Aktiva und/oder des 
EBITDA des Konzerns (wie unten definiert) beträgt. 
"Konzern" bezeichnet die Emittentin und ihre 
jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaften, betrachtet als 
Ganzes. "Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet für einen 
bestimmten Zeitpunkt jedes ausweislich des letzten 
geprüften Konzernabschlusses der Emittentin voll 
konsolidierte Unternehmen. 
"EBITDA" means net income of the relevant 
Subsidiary or, as the case may be, profit/loss for the 
period of the EWE Group before (i) deduction of any 
expenses and additions to provisions on account of 
"EBITDA" bezeichnet den Jahresüberschuss der 
jeweiligen 
Tochtergesellschaft 
bzw. 
das 
Periodenergebnis des EWE-Konzerns vor (i) Abzug 
von 
Aufwendungen 
oder 
Zuführungen 
zu

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
taxation on income, (ii) deduction or addition of any 
interest, commissions, discounts and other fees and 
charges incurred in respect of any financial 
indebtedness, 
(iii) deduction 
on 
account 
of 
depreciation and amortisation on intangible fixed 
assets and tangible assets, (iv) addition of any 
extraordinary income and deduction of any 
extraordinary expenses (including interest for tax 
audits, merger losses, write down for impaired assets 
and write down for impaired participations, in each 
case without double counting), (v) write downs on 
financial assets and (vi) income or losses from long 
term securities and loans. 
Rückstellungen für Steuern vom Einkommen und 
vom Ertrag, (ii) Abzug von Zinsen und ähnlichen 
Aufwendungen und Addition von Zinsen und 
ähnlichen 
Erträgen 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
(iii) 
Abzug 
für 
Abschreibungen 
auf 
immaterielle 
Vermögensgegenstände des Anlagevermögens und 
Sachanlagen, (iv) Addition von außerordentlichen 
Erträgen 
und 
Abzug 
von 
außerordentlichen 
Aufwendungen 
(einschließlich 
Zinsen 
für 
Betriebsprüfungen, 
Verschmelzungsverluste, 
Teilwertabschreibung und Beteiligungsvorsorge, 
jedoch 
nur 
soweit 
dies 
nicht 
zu 
Doppelberücksichtigung führt), (v) Abschreibungen 
auf Finanzanlagen und (vi) Erträgen oder Verlusten 
aus 
Wertpapieren 
und 
Ausleihungen 
des 
Finanzanlagevermögens. 
§ 3 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
ZINSEN 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The 
Notes shall bear interest on their principal amount at 
the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
from (and including) [Interest Commencement 
Date] (the "Issue Date") to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)). Interest shall 
be payable in arrear on [Fixed Interest Date or 
Dates] in each year (each such date, an "Interest 
Payment Date"). The first payment of interest shall 
be made on [First Interest Payment Date] [In case 
the First Interest Payment Date is not the first 
anniversary of Interest Commencement Date the 
following applies: and will amount to [Initial 
Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per 
Specified Denomination]. [In case the Maturity 
Date is not a Fixed Interest Date the following 
applies: Interest in respect of the period from [Fixed 
Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date] 
(inclusive) to the Maturity Date (exclusive) will 
amount to [Final Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] 
(1) Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren 
Nennbetrag 
verzinst, 
und 
zwar 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(einschließlich) 
(der "Begebungstag") bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in 
§ 5 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz] % 
per annum. Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am 
[Festzinstermine] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung erfolgt am [ersten Zinszahlungstag] 
[Falls der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste 
Jahrestag 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: und beläuft sich auf 
[anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegter 
Stückelung] je festgelegter Stückelung]. [Falls der 
Fälligkeitstag 
kein 
Festzinstermin 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum 
von einschließlich [letzter dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Festzinstermin] 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf 
[abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegter 
Stückelung] je festgelegter Stückelung.] 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem 
the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue 
on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
beyond (and including) the due date until (but 
excluding) the actual redemption of the Notes at the 
default rate of interest established by law1. 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
fallen auf den ausstehenden Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ab 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) Zinsen zum gesetzlich 
festgelegten Satz für Verzugszinsen an1. 
 
1  
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank 
from time to time, sections 288 para. 1, 247 para. 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). 
 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest 
is required to be calculated for a period of less than 
a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. 
Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als 
einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die 
Berechnung 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert). 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet 
im Hinblick auf die Berechnung des Zinsbetrages 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[In case of Actual/Actual (ICMA) with annual 
interest payments the following applies: the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the actual number of days in the respective Interest 
Period.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA) mit nur einer 
Zinsperiode 
innerhalb 
eines 
Zinsjahres 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von 
Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode.] 
[In case of Actual/Actual (ICMA) with two or more 
constant interest periods within an interest year the 
following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of the 
number of days in the respective Interest Period and 
the number of Interest Payment Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year assuming interest was to 
be payable in respect of the whole of that year.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA) mit zwei oder 
mehr gleichbleibenden Zinsperioden innerhalb 
eines Zinsjahres ist Folgendes anwendbar: die 
Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
geteilt durch das Produkt der Anzahl der Tage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode und der Anzahl der 
Zinszahlungstage, die – angenommen, dass Zinsen 
für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären – in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen würden.] 
[in case of first/last short or long Interest Periods 
insert 
appropriate 
Actual/Actual 
calculation 
method: [●]] 
[bei ersten/letzten langen oder kurzen Zinsperioden 
entsprechende 
Actual/Actual 
Berechnungsmethode angeben: [●]] 
[In case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the 
following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a 
month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a 
day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, 
or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last 
day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei 
die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres 
von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu 
ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem 
Fall der den letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als 
ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, 
oder 
(B) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag 
des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat 
Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat 
zu behandeln ist).] 
[In case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the 
following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to 
the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation 
Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei 
ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung 
des 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
Tages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, dass im

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
Falle einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode 
der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar 
ist, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf 
einen Monat zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt).] 
§ 4 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System 
or (if applicable) to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
(1) (a) Zahlungen von Kapital. Zahlungen von Kapital 
in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearing System oder 
gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf 
den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearing Systems. 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
Notes 
shall 
be 
made, 
subject 
to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or (if 
applicable) to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing 
System oder gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
[In case of interest payable on a Temporary 
Global Note the following applies: Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or (if 
applicable) to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System, upon 
due certification as provided in § 1 (3)(b).] 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das 
Clearing System oder gegebenenfalls dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3)(b).] 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and 
other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency.  
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung.  
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen Order 
von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of 
any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next such day in the relevant place 
and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, 
der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am 
jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht 
berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
[In case the Notes are not denominated in Euro the 
following applies: on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
nicht 
auf 
Euro 
lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
an dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
[relevant financial centre(s)]][.][and]  
[In case the Clearing System and TARGET shall be 
open the following applies: 
on which the Clearing System as well as all relevant 
parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
(TARGET2) are operational to effect payments.] 
Zahlungen in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum/-en] 
abwickeln][.][und] 
[Falls das Clearing System und TARGET offen 
sein müssen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
an dem das Clearing System sowie alle betroffenen 
Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 
(TARGET2) betriebsbereit sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.]  
(5) References to Principal and Interest. Reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
the Redemption Amount of the Notes; [If the Notes 
are redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other 
than taxation reasons or at a Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, the following applies: the 
Call Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [If the 
Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer at 
a Make-Whole Redemption Amount, the following 
applies: the Make-Whole Redemption Amount of 
the Notes;] [If the Notes are redeemable at the 
option of the Holder, the following applies: the Put 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and any 
premium and any other amounts which may be 
payable under or in respect of the Notes. Reference 
in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be 
payable under § 7. 
(5) Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf 
einen Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; [Falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
anderen als steuerlichen Gründen oder zu einem 
Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] [Falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
einem Make-Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den 
Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] [Falls die Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht haben, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag 
sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbare 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche 
gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
§ 5 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) Redemption 
at 
Maturity. 
Unless 
previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their 
Redemption 
Amount 
on 
[Maturity 
Date] 
(the "Maturity 
Date"). 
The 
"Redemption 
Amount" in respect of each Note shall be its 
principal amount. 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor 
bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft 
und 
entwertet, 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der "Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a 
result of any Tax Law Change (as hereinafter 
defined) the Issuer is required to pay Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
Sollte die Emittentin zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
definiert) aufgrund einer Änderung des Steuerrechts 
(wie nachstehend definiert) am nächstfolgenden

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
§ 3 (1)) and this obligation cannot be avoided by the 
use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, 
the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, 
at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 
days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of 
redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § 12 to the Holders, at their 
Redemption Amount, together with interest (if any) 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. A "Tax 
Law Change" is (i) any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, (ii) any change 
in, or amendment to, an official interpretation, 
administrative guidance or application of such laws 
or regulations, (iii) any action and/or decision which 
shall have been taken by any taxing authority, or any 
court of competent jurisdiction of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein, whether or not 
such action was taken or brought with respect to the 
Issuer, or (iv) any change, amendment, application, 
interpretation or execution of the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany (or any regulations or ruling 
promulgated 
thereunder), 
which 
change, 
amendment, action, application, interpretation or 
execution is officially proposed and would have 
effect on or after the date on which the last tranche 
of this series of Notes was issued. 
Zinszahlungstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 3 (1) 
definiert) 
verpflichtet sein und kann diese Verpflichtung nicht 
durch das Ergreifen angemessener, der Emittentin 
zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden 
werden, 
können 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der 
Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 12 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und 
zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zu dem 
für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden. Eine "Änderung des 
Steuerrechts" ist (i) eine Änderung oder Ergänzung 
der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden, 
(ii) eine Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung 
oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften, (iii) jede von den Steuerbehörden oder 
der 
zuständigen 
Gerichtsbarkeit 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden getroffene 
Maßnahme/Entscheidung, unabhängig davon, ob 
eine derartige Maßnahme in Zusammenhang mit der 
Emittentin steht, oder (iv) jede Änderung, jeder 
Zusatz, jede Neufassung, Anwendung, Auslegung 
oder Durchsetzung der Gesetze der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
(oder 
jeder 
dazu 
ergangenen 
Verordnung oder Regelung), der oder die offiziell 
vorgeschlagen 
wurde 
(vorausgesetzt, 
diese 
Änderung, 
dieser 
Zusatz, 
diese 
Neufassung, 
Anwendung, Auslegung oder Durchsetzung würde 
am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche 
dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
wird, wirksam werden). 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given 
(i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is 
given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect.  
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht 
(i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet 
wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls 
eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann 
fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erfolgt, die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist.  
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with 
§ 12. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement 
in summary form of the facts constituting the basis 
for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 12 zu erfolgen. 
Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin 
nennen 
und 
eine 
zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche die 
das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden 
Umstände darlegt. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this § 5 (2), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent an opinion of an independent legal 
Vor 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemäß diesem § 5 (2) wird 
die Emittentin der Emissionsstelle ein Gutachten

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
adviser of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has been obliged or will become obliged to pay 
the Additional Amounts in question as a result of the 
relevant change in law. 
eines angesehenen unabhängigen Rechtsberaters 
übergeben, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die Emittentin 
verpflichtet ist oder verpflichtet sein wird, die 
betreffenden Zusätzlichen Beträge als Folge der 
betreffenden Rechtsänderung zu zahlen. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer on Call Redemption Date(s) or 
within Call Redemption Period(s), the following 
applies: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen an Wahlrückzahlungstag(en) 
oder 
in 
Wahlrückzahlungsperiode(n) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) [In the case of Call Redemption Date(s) insert: The 
Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with 
clause (b), redeem all or only some of the Notes on 
the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. 
 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) [Im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) 
einfügen: Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Call) 
zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen (Call), wie 
nachstehend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call) 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) 
[Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[In the case of Call Redemption Period(s) insert: 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance 
with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes within the Call Redemption Period(s) at the 
Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Call Redemption Date. 
[Im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode(n) (Call) 
einfügen: Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt oder teilweise innerhalb der Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode(n) (Call) zum/zu den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbeträgen (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
Call Redemption Period(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode(n) 
(Call) 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode(n)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Holder, the following applies: 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect 
of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
require the redemption of such Note under 
subparagraph [(6)] of this § 5.] 
der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach 
Absatz [6] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12. 
Such notice shall specify: 
(b) Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Gläubigern 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß 
§ 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole 
or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
(iii)  the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date 
on which notice is given by the Issuer to the 
Holders; and 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
(iv) den Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
[In the case of Call Redemption Period(s) insert:  
[Im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode(n) (Call) 
einfügen: 
"Call Redemption Date" means the date fixed for 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to § 5 (3)(b).] 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)" bezeichnet den 
Tag, 
der 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 5 (3)(b) festgesetzt 
wurde.] 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the 
rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In case of 
Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of 
CBL and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount, at the discretion of 
CBL and Euroclear.]] 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN 
begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die 
teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
CBL und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder 
als 
Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Nennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole), the following 
applies: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen 
(Make-Whole), ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
zum Make-Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance 
with paragraph (e), redeem the Notes at its option, in 
whole or in part at any time [if the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
insert: to but excluding the First Call Redemption 
Date] at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) to the (but excluding) 
redemption date on which the Notes will be 
redeemed. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (e) 
gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt 
oder teilweise jederzeit nach ihrer Wahl [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: bis zum Ersten Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich)] 
zum 
Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer insert: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
"First Call Redemption Date" means the first day 
of the Call Redemption Period specified in § 5(3).] 
"Erster Wahlrückzahlungstag" bezeichnet den 
ersten Tag des in § 5(3) angegebenen Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraums.] 
(b) The "Make-Whole Redemption Amount" per Note 
shall be the higher of: 
(b) Der 
"Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
je 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem höheren der 
folgenden Beträge: 
(i) the Specified Denomination; or 
(i) der festgelegten Stückelung; oder 
(ii) the Present Value. 
(ii) dem Abgezinsten Marktwert. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Amount shall be 
calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent. 
Der Make-Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag wird von der 
Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle berechnet. 
(c) The "Present Value" will be the sum of: 
(c) Der "Abgezinste Marktwert" ist die Summe aus: 
(i) the Specified Denomination to be redeemed 
which would otherwise become due on the [if the 
Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer insert: Maturity Date] [if the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer insert: to but excluding the First Call 
Redemption Date], discounted to the redemption 
date; and 
(i) dem auf den Rückzahlungstag abgezinsten Wert 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibung, der ansonsten am [falls die 
Emittentin 
nicht 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: Fälligkeitstag] [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
Ersten 
Wahlrückzahlungstag] fällig werden würde; und 
(ii)  
the remaining interest payments which would 
otherwise become due on each Interest Payment Date 
falling after the redemption date to and including the 
[if the Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer insert: Maturity Date] [if 
the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer insert: First Call Redemption 
Date (assuming for this purpose that interest would 
cease to accrue on but excluding the First Call 
Redemption Date)] (excluding any interest accrued 
to but excluding the redemption date), each 
discounted to the redemption date. 
(ii) den jeweils auf den Rückzahlungstag abgezinsten 
Werten der verbleibenden Zinszahlungen, die 
ansonsten an jedem Zinszahlungstag nach dem 
Rückzahlungstag bis zum [falls die Emittentin nicht 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich)] 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
Ersten 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
(wobei 
unterstellt wird, dass der Zinslauf an dem Ersten 
Wahlrückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) endet)] fällig 
werden würden (ausschließlich etwaiger, bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen). 
(d) The Make-Whole Calculation Agent will calculate 
the Present Value in accordance with market 
convention on a basis which is consistent with the 
calculation of interest as set out in § 3, using a 
discount rate equal to the Benchmark Yield plus 
[insert percentage] per cent. 
(d) Die Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle errechnet den 
Abgezinsten Marktwert gemäß der Marktkonvention 
auf einer Grundlage, die der Berechnung von Zinsen 
gemäß § 3 entspricht, unter Anwendung eines 
Abzinsungssatzes, der der Benchmark-Rendite 
zuzüglich [Prozentsatz einfügen] % entspricht. 
The "Benchmark Yield" means the yield at the 
Redemption Calculation Date of the corresponding 
[insert [euro denominated benchmark debt security 
of the Federal Republic of Germany] [other 
relevant benchmark] specifying the following 
details: ISIN or other securities code, as observed at 
around noon [(Frankfurt time)] [other relevant 
time] on such date on Bloomberg page [ISIN] Govt 
Die "Benchmark-Rendite" bezeichnet die am 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag bestehende Rendite 
der entsprechenden [einfügen: [Euro-Referenz-
Anleihe der Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [andere 
Referenzanleihe] 
unter 
Angabe 
folgender 
Einzelheiten: 
ISIN 
oder 
andere 
Wertpapierkennung, wie gegen 12:00 Uhr mittags 
[(Frankfurter Zeit)] [andere relevante Zeitzone] an

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
HP (using the setting "Last Yield to Convention" 
and using the pricing source ["FRNK"] [other 
source as relevant]), or as derived or published by 
such other source as determined by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent], and if such yield is not 
available at that time the Benchmark Yield shall be 
the yield of a substitute benchmark security chosen 
by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, in each case 
as having a maturity comparable to the remaining 
term of the Note to the Maturity Date, that would be 
used at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the Maturity Date. 
diesem Tag auf der Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] Govt 
HP (unter Nutzung der Einstellung "Last Yield to 
Convention" und der Preisquelle ["FRNK"] 
[andere relevante Preisquelle]) abgelesen, oder wie 
von einer anderen, durch die Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle festgelegten, Quelle hergeleitet 
oder veröffentlicht] oder sollte die Rendite zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt nicht verfügbar sein, bezeichnet 
die 
Benchmark-Rendite 
eine 
ersetzende 
Referenzanleihe, 
die 
von 
der 
Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle festgesetzt wird, die jeweils mit 
einer Laufzeit, die mit der verbleibenden Restlaufzeit 
der Schuldverschreibung bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
vergleichbar ist, und die im Zeitpunkt der 
Auswahlentscheidung 
und 
entsprechend 
der 
üblichen Finanzmarktpraxis zur Preisbestimmung 
bei Neuemissionen von Unternehmensanleihen mit 
einer bis zum Fälligkeitstag der Schuldverschreibung 
vergleichbaren Laufzeit verwendet werden würde. 
"Redemption Calculation Date" means the sixth 
Business Day prior to the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed as a result of any event specified in this 
§ 5[(4)]. 
"Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag" ist der sechste 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund eines in diesem 
§ 5[(4)] 
genannten 
Ereignisses 
zurückgezahlt 
werden. 
(e) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Holders in accordance with § 12 on giving not 
less than [15] [insert other minimum notice period 
(which shall be not less than five Business Days)] 
days' prior notice. Such notice shall specify: 
(e) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als [15] [andere 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
einfügen, 
die 
nicht 
weniger als fünf Geschäftstage betragen darf] 
Tagen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 12 
bekanntzugeben. Sie muss die folgenden Angaben 
enthalten: 
(i) the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) whether such series is to be redeemed in whole or 
in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; and 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(iii) 
name and address of the institution appointed 
by the Issuer as Make-Whole Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
den Namen und die Geschäftsstelle der 
Institution, welche durch die Emittentin als Make-
Whole Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde. 
(f) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the 
rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of 
Notes in NGN form, the following applies: For 
technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a 
partial redemption the outstanding redemption 
amount will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs 
as either a reduction in nominal amount or as a pool 
factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
(f) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des betreffenden 
Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: Für das 
technische Verfahren der ICSDs wird im Fall einer 
teilweisen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
entstehende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
entweder 
als 
reduzierter 
Nennbetrag oder als Poolfaktor nach Ermessen der 
ICSDs in das Register der ICSDs aufgenommen.]]

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount, 
the 
following applies: 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem 
Gesamtnennbetrag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
Reasons 
of 
Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate 
Principal Amount. 
[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
bei geringem ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag. 
If 75 per cent. or more in principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer or any direct or indirect 
subsidiary, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or 
more than 60 days' notice to the Holders of Notes 
redeem, at its option, the outstanding Notes, in whole 
but not in part, at their Specified Denomination plus 
interest (if any) accrued to but excluding the date of 
such redemption.] 
Wenn 75 % oder mehr des Nennbetrags der dann 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin oder eine direkte oder mittelbare 
Tochtergesellschaft 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückerworben wurde, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
nach 
ihrer 
Wahl 
alle 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einer 
Frist 
von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zur Festgelegten 
Stückelung zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurück zu 
zahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder, the following applies: 
[Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
[(6)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any 
Note, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the last day of the Put Redemption 
Period. 
 
[(6)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach 
Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch 
den 
Gläubiger 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen 
(Put), 
wie 
nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Put) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Put) 
[Put Redemption Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect 
of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under 
this § 5. 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (as 
defined below), send to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in written 
form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice 
is received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the 30th 
Payment Business Day before the Put Redemption 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger 
nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor 
dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie 
nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine 
schriftliche Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. Falls die 
Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
Date, the option shall not have been validly 
exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which 
such option is exercised and (ii) the securities 
identification numbers of such Notes, if any. The Put 
Notice may be in the form available from the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in the German 
and 
English 
language 
and 
includes 
further 
information. No option so exercised may be revoked 
or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to 
redeem Notes in respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer 
or to its order.] 
Zeit am 30. Zahltag vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam 
ausgeübt. Die Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: 
(i) 
den 
gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt wird und (ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). 
Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, 
wie es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen der 
Emissionsstelle in deutscher und englischer Sprache 
erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise enthält, 
verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts 
kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren 
Order.] 
§ 6 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] PAYING AGENT [AND 
THE MAKE-WHOLE CALCULATION AGENT] 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE[,] [UND] DIE 
ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE MAKE-WHOLE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal 
Agent[,] [and] Paying Agent and their respective 
initial specified offices are: 
(1) Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die 
Zahlstelle und ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
lauten wie folgt: 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent:  
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle:  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole), the following 
shall apply: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen 
(Make-Whole), ist folgendes anwendbar: 
"Make-Whole Calculation Agent" means an 
independent bank of international standing or an 
independent financial adviser with relevant expertise, 
which will be selected and appointed by the Issuer at 
its own expense in good time prior to the exercise of 
the call right in accordance with § 5([4]).] 
"Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle" bezeichnet eine 
unabhängige international anerkannte Bank oder eine 
unabhängige Finanzberaterin mit einschlägiger 
Expertise, die von der Emittentin auf eigene Kosten 
rechtzeitig vor Ausübung des Kündigungsrechts 
gemäß § 5([4]) ausgewählt und bestellt werden wird.] 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent] reserve the right at 
any time to change their respective specified offices 
to some other specified offices in the Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und die 
Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
zu ersetzen. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any 
Paying Agent [or the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or 
additional or other Paying Agents [or another Make-
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle 
[oder der Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle] zu 
ändern 
oder 
zu beenden 
und eine andere 
Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
Whole Calculation Agent]. The Issuer shall at all 
times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [if the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Make-Whole), the following shall apply: 
[,][and] [(ii)] a Make-Whole Calculation Agent] [in 
case of payments in U.S. dollars the following 
applies: [,] [and] [(iii)] if payments at or through the 
offices of all Paying Agents outside the United 
States become illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange controls or 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of 
such amounts in United States dollars, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in New York City]. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change 
shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders 
in accordance with § 12. For purposes of these 
Terms and Conditions, "United States" means the 
United States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
Zahlstellen 
[oder 
eine 
andere 
Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine Emissionsstelle 
unterhalten [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen 
(Make-Whole), 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: [,][und] [(ii)] eine Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle unterhalten] [im Fall von 
Zahlungen in US-Dollar ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[,] [und] [(iii)] falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch 
die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten aufgrund der Einführung von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City 
unterhalten]. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur 
wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. Für die 
Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von 
Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und 
des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the 
Paying Agent [and the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
have any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust to any Holder. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle[,] 
[und] 
die Zahlstelle 
[und die Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle] 
handeln 
ausschließlich 
als 
Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen und den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
STEUERN 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by 
or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. If such withholding is required by law, 
the 
Issuer 
will 
pay 
such 
additional 
amounts 
(the "Additional Amounts") as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Holders, after 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder 
aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern 
oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die 
von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für 
deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder 
Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein solcher 
Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so wird die

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that 
no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account 
of any taxes or duties which: 
Emittentin 
diejenigen 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
(die "zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich 
sind, 
damit 
die 
den 
Gläubigern 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils 
den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen 
worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf 
Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank 
or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer from 
payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter 
des Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst auf 
andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen 
von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Abzug oder Einbehalt 
vornimmt; oder 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or 
having had, some personal or business connection 
with the Federal Republic of Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect 
of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are 
deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured 
in, the Federal Republic of Germany, or 
(b) wegen 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
früheren 
persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Gläubigers zur Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu 
zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder 
dort besichert sind; oder 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation concerning 
the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any 
international treaty or understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Federal Republic of 
Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union betreffend die Besteuerung von 
Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische 
Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder 
Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided 
for and notice thereof is published in accordance 
with § 12, whichever occurs later, or 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, 
welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 
wirksam wird; oder 
(e) are withheld or deducted by a paying agent from a 
payment if the payment could have been made by 
another paying agent without such withholding or 
deduction, or 
(e) von einer Zahlstelle einbehalten oder abgezogen 
werden, wenn die Zahlung von einer anderen 
Zahlstelle ohne den Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte 
vorgenommen werden können; oder 
(f)  are deducted pursuant to section 10 of the German 
Defence against Tax Havens Act (Steueroasen-
Abwehrgesetz). 
(f)  aufgrund von § 10 des Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetzes 
abzuziehen sind. 
For the avoidance of doubt: The Kapitalertragsteuer in 
the Federal Republic of Germany and the solidarity 
surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon do not 
constitute a tax on interest payments as described above 
in respect of which Additional Amounts would be 
Zur Klarstellung: Die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
geltende Kapitalertragsteuer und der darauf erhobene 
Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer oder sonstige 
Abgabe im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche 
Beträge seitens der Emittentin zu zahlen wären.

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
payable by the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms 
and Conditions, none of the Issuer, any paying agent or 
any other person shall be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to any withholding or deduction 
imposed on or with respect to any Note pursuant to 
section 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 ("FATCA"), any treaty, law, regulation or other 
official guidance implementing FATCA, or any 
agreement (or related guidance) between the Issuer, a 
paying agent or any other person and the United States, 
any other jurisdiction, or any authority of any of the 
foregoing implementing FATCA. 
Unbeschadet 
sonstiger 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen sind weder die Emittentin, eine 
Zahlstelle 
oder 
sonstige 
Personen 
verpflichtet, 
zusätzliche Beträge, im Hinblick auf einen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug gemäß der Abschnitte 1417 bis 1474 des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Codes von 1986 ("FATCA"), einem 
Abkommen, einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung oder 
sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien, die FATCA umsetzt 
oder einer sonstigen Vereinbarung zwischen der 
Emittentin, einer Zahlstelle oder einer anderen Person 
und den Vereinigten Staaten, einer sonstigen Jurisdiktion 
oder einer der vorgenannten Behörden, die FATCA 
umsetzt, zu zahlen. 
§ 8 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
The presentation period provided in section 801 para. 1, 
sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years for the Notes.  
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
KÜNDIGUNG 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to 
declare his Notes due and demand immediate 
redemption thereof at their principal amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in 
the event that 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, 
seine Schuldverschreibungen zu kündigen und deren 
sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag 
zuzüglich (etwaiger) bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
(a) Non Payment. the Issuer fails to pay principal or 
interest or any other amounts due on the Notes 
within 30 days after the relevant due date; 
(a) Nichtzahlung. die Emittentin Kapital oder 
Zinsen 
oder 
sonstige 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge nicht 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem betreffenden 
Fälligkeitsdatum zahlt; 
(b) Breach of other obligation. the Issuer fails duly 
to perform any other obligation arising from the 
Notes which failure is not capable of remedy or, 
if such failure is capable of remedy, such failure 
continues for more than 30 days after the Fiscal 
Agent has received notice thereof from a Holder; 
(b) Verletzung einer sonstigen Verpflichtung. die 
Emittentin 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese 
Unterlassung nicht geheilt werden kann oder, 
falls sie geheilt werden kann, länger als 30 Tage 
fortdauert, nachdem die Emissionsstelle hierüber 
eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger 
erhalten hat; 
(c) Cross Default. any Financial Indebtedness (as 
defined below) of the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary becomes prematurely due as a result 
of a breach of the terms thereof, or the Issuer or 
any Principal Subsidiary fails to fulfil any 
payment 
obligation 
under 
any 
Financial 
Indebtedness or under any guarantee or other 
indemnity given for any Financial Indebtedness 
of others within 30 days from its due date or, in 
the case of a guarantee or other indemnity, within 
(c) Drittverzugsregelung. eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit (wie unten definiert) der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
ihrer 
wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften wegen der Verletzung 
einer ihrer Bestimmungen vorzeitig fällig wird, 
oder die Emittentin oder eine ihrer wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung 
aus 
einer 
Finanzverbindlichkeit oder auf Grund einer 
Garantie oder sonstigen Gewährleistung für eine

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
30 days after the guarantee or other indemnity 
has been invoked, unless the aggregate amount 
of all such Financial Indebtedness and/or 
guarantees or other indemnities for Financial 
Indebtedness is less than € 35,000,000 or the 
equivalent thereof in any other currency; 
Finanzverbindlichkeit Dritter nicht innerhalb 
von 30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit, bzw. im Falle 
einer Garantie oder sonstigen Gewährleistung, 
nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Garantie oder 
sonstigen Gewährleistung, erfüllt; es sei denn, 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
aller 
dieser 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
und/oder 
Garantien 
oder 
sonstiger 
Gewährleistungen 
für 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten beträgt weniger als 
€ 35.000.000 oder den Gegenwert davon in 
anderen Währungen; 
(d) Cessation of Payments. the Issuer announces its 
inability to meet its financial obligations or 
ceases its payments; 
(d) Zahlungseinstellung. 
die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre 
Zahlungen einstellt; 
(e) Insolvency etc. a court opens insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer, or the Issuer 
applies for or institutes such proceedings, or a 
third party neither arbitrarily nor abusive applies 
for insolvency proceedings against the Issuer and 
such proceedings are not discharged or stayed 
within 60 days; or 
(e) Insolvenz 
u.ä. 
ein 
Gericht 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
eröffnet, oder die Emittentin die Eröffnung eines 
solchen Verfahrens beantragt, oder ein Dritter 
weder willkürlich noch rechtsmissbräuchlich die 
Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens gegen die 
Emittentin beantragt und derartige Verfahren 
nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 60 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt werden; oder 
(f) Liquidation. the Issuer goes into liquidation or 
dissolution unless through a restructuring 
measure. 
(f) Liquidation. die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, 
es sei denn, dies geschieht durch eine 
Restrukturierungsmaßnahme. 
"Financial Indebtedness" means any current or 
future indebtedness for borrowed money whether or 
not represented or evidenced by notes or other 
securities. 
"Finanzverbindlichkeit" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
gegenwärtige und zukünftige Verbindlichkeit aus 
aufgenommenen Geldern unabhängig davon, ob sie 
in 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
anderen 
Wertpapieren verbrieft ist oder nicht. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate, if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the 
right is exercised.  
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt 
wurde.  
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 9 (1)(b) or 
(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless 
at the time such notice is received any of the events 
specified in § 9 (1)(a) and (1)(d) to (1)(f) entitling 
Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, 
become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such notices from the Holders of at least 
one-tenth in principal amount of Notes then 
outstanding. 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 9 (1)(b) oder (1)(c) 
wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei deren Eingang 
zugleich einer der in § 9 (1)(a) und (1)(d) bis (1)(f) 
bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, 
erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Nennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
(3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring 
Notes due, in accordance with subparagraph (1) shall 
be made by means of a declaration in the German or 
English language in text form (Textform, i.e. fax or 
email) or (a) to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent together with a proof that such notifying 
Holder at the time of such notice is a holder of the 
relevant Notes by means of a statement of his 
(3) Benachrichtigung. 
Eine 
Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Absatz (1) ist in 
Textform (z.B. per Fax oder E-Mail) in deutscher 
oder englischer 
Sprache 
(a) 
gegenüber 
der 
Emissionsstelle zu erklären und zusammen mit 
einem Nachweis in Form einer Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank (wie in § [13][14] (3) definiert) oder in

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
Custodian (as defined in § [13][14] (3)) or any other 
appropriate manner or (b) to its Custodian for the 
notice to be delivered to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Issuer. 
einer anderen geeigneten Weise zu übermitteln, aus 
der sich ergibt, dass der Benachrichtigende zum 
Zeitpunkt der Benachrichtigung ein Gläubiger der 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist oder (b) bei 
seiner Depotbank zur Weiterleitung an die 
Emittentin über das Clearing System zu erklären. 
§ 10 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
ERSETZUNG 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest 
on any of the Notes is in default, at any time 
substitute for the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined 
below) of it as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with this 
issue (the "Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital 
oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Verzug befindet, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger 
ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten 
definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary 
authorisations and may transfer to the Paying 
Agent in the currency required and without being 
obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or 
other duties of whatever nature levied by the 
country in which the Substitute Debtor or the 
Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, all 
amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erhalten hat und berechtigt ist, 
an die Zahlstelle die zur Erfüllung der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
zu 
zahlen, 
ohne 
verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin 
ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene 
Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Holder against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge 
imposed on such Holder in respect of such 
substitution; 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, 
jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, 
Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, 
die einem Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung 
auferlegt werden; 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the payment 
of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in 
respect of the Notes; 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
gegenüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge 
garantiert; 
(e) the credit quality of the Notes will not be 
materially adversely affected due to such 
substitution; 
(e) die Kreditqualität der Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Ersetzung nicht wesentlich nachteilig 
beeinträchtigt wird; 
(f) the Substitute Debtor, if a foreign company, has 
appointed an authorised agent domiciled in the 
Federal Republic of Germany for accepting 
services of process for any legal disputes or other 
Proceedings (as defined below) before German 
(f) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin, falls sie ihren Sitz in 
einem anderen Land als der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
hat, 
einen 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten mit Sitz in der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
für 
Rechtstreitigkeiten und andere Verfahren (wie

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
courts; and 
unten definiert) vor deutschen Gerichten bestellt 
hat; und 
(g) the Issuer shall have made available at an agent 
appointed for that purpose one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised 
standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), (b), 
(c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
(g) die Emittentin eine Bestätigung bezüglich der 
betroffenen Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten bei einer dafür beauftragten 
Stelle verfügbar macht, dass die Bestimmungen 
in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) 
und (d) erfüllt wurden. 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any 
enterprise which has its seat within a member state of 
the European Union or the European Free Trade 
Association (EFTA) and of which more than 
90 per cent. of the voting stock is held directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "Verbundenes 
Unternehmen" ein Unternehmen, das seinen Sitz in 
einem Mitgliedstaat der Europäischen Union oder 
der Europäischen Freihandelsassoziation (EFTA) hat 
und dessen stimmberechtigte Anteile direkt oder 
indirekt zu mehr als 90% von der Emittentin gehalten 
werden. 
"Proceedings" shall mean any action or other legal 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes. 
"Verfahren" bedeutet sämtliche im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen 
oder sonstige Verfahren. 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 12. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 12 
bekanntzumachen. 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be 
deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and any 
reference to the country in which the Issuer is 
domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall 
from then on be deemed to refer to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such 
substitution the following shall apply: 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer 
Ersetzung 
gilt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das 
Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. 
Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
In § 7 and § 5 (2) an alternative reference to the 
Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to 
have been included in addition to the reference 
according to the preceding sentence to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor and in § 9 (1)(c) to (f) an 
alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as 
guarantor shall be deemed to have been included (in 
addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor). 
In § 7 und § 5 (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach 
Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in 
dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat) und in § 9 (1)(c) bis (f) gilt eine 
alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in ihrer 
Eigenschaft 
als 
Garantin 
als 
aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich 
zu 
der 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
§ 11 
§ 11 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further 
Notes having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue 
price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung 
der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
den gleichen Bedingungen (gegebenenfalls mit 
Ausnahme 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) 
in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit den

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to 
the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.  
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
§ 12 
§ 12 
NOTICES 
MITTEILUNGEN 
(1) All notices concerning the Notes shall be published 
in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). Any notice 
so given will be deemed to be validly given on the 
third calendar day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
third calendar day following the date of the first such 
publication). 
(1) Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
werden 
im 
Bundesanzeiger 
veröffentlicht. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
dritten 
Kalendertag 
nach 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am dritten Kalendertag nach 
dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt.  
[in case of Notes which are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following 
applies: All notices concerning the Notes will be 
made by means of electronic publication on the 
internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
erfolgen 
durch 
elektronische Publikation auf der Website der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.bourse.lu). 
Jede 
Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. [In case of Notes 
which are unlisted the following applies: The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the fifth 
day after the day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] [In case of Notes which are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the 
following applies: So long as any Notes are listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. In the case of notices regarding the Rate 
of Interest or, to the extent the Rules and Regulations 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the 
Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System 
to the Holders, in lieu of publication set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the fifth 
day after the day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] [In case of Notes which are 
listed on a Stock Exchange other than the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht notiert sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Solange Schuldverschreibungen auf 
dem offiziellen Kursblatt der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am geregelten Markt der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
zugelassen 
sind, 
findet 
Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit dies Mitteilungen 
über den Zinssatz betrifft oder die Regeln der 
Luxemburger Börse es zulassen, kann die Emittentin 
eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung 
und die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer 
anderen Börse als der Luxemburger Börse notiert 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die Emittentin ist

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
applies: The Issuer may, in lieu of publication set 
forth in subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant 
notice to the Clearing System, for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Holders, provided that the 
rules of the stock exchange on which the Notes are 
listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders 
on the fifth day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass die Regeln der Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form der 
Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(3) Notification to the Issuer. Notices to be given by any 
Holder to the Issuer shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text form (Textform, i.e. fax or email) 
and in the English or German language or registered 
mail to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given 
by any Holder to the Fiscal Agent through the 
relevant Clearing System in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent and the relevant Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
(3) Mitteilung an die Emittentin. Mitteilungen eines 
Gläubigers an die Emittentin haben in Textform 
(z.B. per Fax oder E-Mail) und in englischer oder 
deutscher Sprache an die Emissionsstelle zu 
erfolgen. Eine solche Mitteilung von einem 
Gläubiger an die Emissionsstelle kann über das 
betreffende Clearingsystem in einer von der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
dem 
betreffenden 
Clearingsystem dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
[In case of Notes that provide for Resolutions of Holders 
the following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger vorsehen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
§ 13 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
HOLDERS, COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer 
may agree with the Holders on amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions by virtue of a majority 
resolution of the Holders pursuant to sections 5 et 
seqq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), as amended from 
time to time. In particular, the Holders may consent 
to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, including 
such measures as provided for under section 5 
para. 3 of the SchVG, but excluding a substitution of 
the Issuer, which is exclusively subject to the 
provisions in § 10, by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Holders as stated under 
§ 13 (2) below. A duly passed majority resolution 
shall be binding equally upon all Holders. 
(1) Änderung 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen. 
Die 
Emittentin kann gemäß §§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") in seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung mit den Gläubigern 
Änderungen 
an 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
vereinbaren, 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger 
einen 
entsprechenden Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei 
können die Gläubiger durch Beschluss der in 
§ 13 (2) 
genannten 
Mehrheit 
insbesondere 
Änderungen zustimmen, welche den Charakter der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
wesentlich 
verändern, 
einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 SchVG genannten 
Maßnahmen, aber mit Ausnahme der Ersetzung der 
Emittentin, 
welche 
ausschließlich 
den 
Bestimmungen 
von 
§ 10 
unterliegt. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für 
alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum requirements 
are being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by 
simple majority of the voting rights participating in 
the vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular 
in the cases of section 5 para. 3 numbers 1 through 9 
of the SchVG, may only be passed by a majority of 
at least [percentage] per cent. of the voting rights 
participating in the vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Vorbehaltlich 
der 
Bestimmungen 
des 
folgenden 
Satzes 
und 
vorausgesetzt, die Anforderungen an das Quorum 
sind erfüllt, können die Gläubiger Beschlüsse mit 
einfacher Mehrheit der abgegebenen Stimmen 
fassen. Beschlüsse, welche den Charakter der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
wesentlich 
verändern, 
insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nrn. 1 
bis 9 SchVG, bedürfen der qualifizierten Mehrheit 
von mindestens [Prozentsatz] % der abgegebenen

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
Stimmen (die "Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). 
(3) Vote without a meeting. Subject to § 13 (4), 
resolutions of the Holders shall exclusively be made 
by means of a vote without a meeting (Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 
of the SchVG. The request for voting will provide 
for further details relating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as 
well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to 
the Holders together with the request for voting. The 
exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be received at the 
address stated in the request for voting no later than 
the third day preceding the beginning of the voting 
period. As part of the registration, Holders must 
demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote 
by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian 
in accordance with § [13][14] (3)(i)(a) and (b) 
hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant 
Notes are not transferable from and including the 
day such registration has been sent until and 
including the day the voting period ends. 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Vorbehaltlich 
§ 13 (4) 
können 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger 
ausschließlich im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gefasst werden, wie sie in § 18 
SchVG vorgesehen ist. Die Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe 
enthält 
weitere 
Ausführungen 
hinsichtlich der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand der 
Abstimmung 
sowie 
die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
werden 
den 
Gläubigern 
zusammen mit der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
bekannt gegeben. Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger 
abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten Tag 
vor dem Beginn des Abstimmungszeitraums unter 
der 
in 
der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. Zusammen mit der 
Anmeldung müssen Gläubiger den Nachweis ihrer 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
durch eine besondere Bescheinigung der Depotbank 
gemäß § [13][14] (3)(i)(a) und (b) in Textform und 
die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank 
erbringen, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen für den Zeitraum vom Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis 
dem 
Ende 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragen werden können. 
(4) Second Noteholders' Meeting. If it is ascertained that 
no quorum exists for the vote without meeting 
pursuant 
to 
§ 13 (3), 
the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a noteholders' 
meeting, which shall be deemed to be a second 
noteholders' meeting within the meaning of 
section 15 para. 3 sentence 3 of the SchVG. 
Attendance at the second noteholders' meeting and 
exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be received at the 
address stated in the convening notice no later than 
the third day preceding the second noteholders' 
meeting. Holders must demonstrate their eligibility 
to participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with 
§ [13][14] (3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and 
by submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the noteholders' meeting. 
(4) Zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
Wird 
die 
Beschlussfähigkeit bei der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung nach § 13 (3) nicht festgestellt, kann 
der Abstimmungsleiter eine Gläubigerversammlung 
einberufen, 
welche 
als 
zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung im Sinne des § 15 Absatz 3 
Satz 3 SchVG gilt. Die Teilnahme an der zweiten 
Gläubigerversammlung 
und 
die 
Stimmrechtsausübung sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger 
abhängig. 
Die 
Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten Tag vor der 
zweiten Gläubigerversammlung unter der in der 
Einberufung 
angegebenen 
Anschrift 
zugehen. 
Zusammen mit der Anmeldung müssen Gläubiger 
den Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an 
der 
Abstimmung 
durch 
eine 
besondere 
Bescheinigung 
der 
Depotbank 
gemäß 
§ [13][14] (3)(i)(a) und (b) in Textform und die 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank 
erbringen, aus der hervorgeht, dass die relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen für den Zeitraum vom Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Versammlung 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragen werden können.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
(5) Holders' 
representative. 
[If 
no 
Holders' 
Representative is designated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes the following applies: The 
Holders may by majority resolution provide for the 
appointment 
or 
dismissal 
of 
a 
common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative"), the 
duties and responsibilities and the powers of such 
Holders' Representative, the transfer of the rights of 
the Holders to the Holders' Representative and a 
limitation of liability of the Holders' Representative. 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative may only 
be passed by a Qualified Majority if such Holders' 
Representative is to be authorised to consent, in 
accordance with § 13 (2) hereof, to a material 
change in the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions.]  
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. [Im Fall, dass kein 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen Vertreter 
(der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") bestellen oder 
abberufen, die Pflichten, Verantwortlichkeiten und 
Rechte eines solchen Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
festlegen, die Übertragung der Rechte der Gläubiger 
auf 
den 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
sowie 
die 
Haftungsbegrenzung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn 
der 
Gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit § 13 (2) autorisiert ist, einer 
wesentlichen 
Änderung 
des 
Charakters 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen zuzustimmen.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the following 
applies: The common representative (the "Holders' 
Representative") shall be [name]. The Holders' 
Representative 
shall 
have 
the 
duties 
and 
responsibilities and powers provided for by law. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative shall be 
limited to ten times of the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has 
acted wilfully or with gross negligence. The 
provisions of the SchVG apply with respect to the 
dismissal of the Holders' Representative and the 
other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative.] 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bestimmt 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Der gemeinsame Vertreter 
(der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") ist [Name]. Der 
Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Pflichten und 
Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte, die ihm von 
Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehnfachen 
Betrag seiner jährlichen Vergütung begrenzt, es sei 
denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich oder 
grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften des 
SchVG gelten im Hinblick auf die Abberufung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters und die sonstigen Rechte 
und Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
(6) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall 
be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
(6) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen 
§ 13 betreffend erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(7) Amendments of guarantees. The provisions set out 
above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to any guarantee provided in relation to the 
Notes.] 
(7) Änderungen von Garantien. Die oben aufgeführten 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
gelten 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Bestimmungen 
jeder 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen abgegebenen Garantie.] 
§ [13][14] 
§ [13][14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, 
and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
(1) Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem 
Recht. 
(2) Place of jurisdiction. Non-exclusive place of 
jurisdiction for all proceedings arising from matters 
provided for in these Conditions of Issue shall be, as 
far as permitted by law, Frankfurt am Main. The 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht-ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand 
für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten in den in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten 
ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, Frankfurt am Main.

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
Holders are entitled to assert their claims also before 
any other competent court. The Issuer hereby 
submits to the jurisdiction of the courts which are 
competent pursuant to this subparagraph. 
Die Gläubiger können ihre Ansprüche jedoch auch 
vor jedem anderen zuständigen Gericht geltend 
machen. Die Emittentin unterwirft sich hiermit der 
Gerichtsbarkeit der nach diesem Absatz zuständigen 
Gerichte. 
The local court (Amtsgericht) of the district where the 
Issuer has its registered office shall have jurisdiction 
for all judgments pursuant to sections 9 para. 2, 13 
para. 3 and 18 para. 2 SchVG in accordance with 
section 9 para. 3 SchVG. The regional court 
(Landgericht) in the district where the Issuer has its 
registered office shall have exclusive jurisdiction for 
all judgments over contested resolutions by 
Noteholders 
in 
accordance 
with 
section 20 
para. 3 SchVG. 
Für Entscheidungen gemäß §§ 9 Absatz 2, 13 
Absatz 3 und 18 Absatz 2 SchVG ist gemäß § 9 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Amtsgericht zuständig, in 
dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. Für 
Entscheidungen 
über 
die 
Anfechtung 
von 
Beschlüssen der Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß § 20 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Landgericht ausschließlich 
zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz 
hat. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceeding against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce 
in his own name his rights arising under such Notes 
on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian (as defined below) with whom such 
Holder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that 
the Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing 
System 
containing 
the 
information 
pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without the need 
for production in such proceedings of the actual 
records or the global note representing the Notes. For 
purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any 
bank or other financial institution of recognised 
standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and 
includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other 
way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage wahrzunehmen oder geltend 
zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank 
bei, 
bei 
der 
er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und 
die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) 
den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) 
bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearing 
System 
eine 
schriftliche 
Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) 
bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt 
eine 
Kopie 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des Clearing 
Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der 
Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank 
oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das 
berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
Unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden 
kann 
jeder 
Gläubiger 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist.

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
§ [14][15] 
§ [14][15] 
LANGUAGE 
SPRACHE 
[If the Conditions are to be in the German language 
with an English language translation, the following 
applies: 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Conditions are to be in the English language with 
a German language translation, the following applies: 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling and 
binding. The German language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Conditions are to be in the English language 
only, the following applies: 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with 
floating interest rates 
OPTION 
II 
– 
Emissionsbedingungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
§ 1 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
BEGRIFFSBESTIMMUNGEN 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes 
(the "Notes") 
of 
EWE 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(the "Issuer") is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [in case the Global Note 
is an NGN the following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] 
of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination 
of 
[Specified 
Denomination] 
(the "Specified Denomination"). 
(1) Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
EWE 
Aktiengesellschaft (die "Emittentin") wird in 
[festgelegte 
Währung] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1(4))] 
von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
in 
Worten]) 
in 
einer 
Stückelung 
von 
[festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
(die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
[In case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note the following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented 
by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global 
Note shall be signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued.] 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
[In case of Notes which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note the following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Temporary Global Note — Exchange. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary 
global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global 
note (the "Permanent Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde — Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch 
eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft 
sind, 
ausgetauscht. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen 
jeweils die Unterschriften zweier ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind 
jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben.

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for 
the 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
on 
a 
date 
(the "Exchange Date") not earlier than 40 days after 
the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner 
or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other 
than certain financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such financial institutions). 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after 
delivery 
of 
such 
certifications. 
A 
separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such 
payment of interest. Any such certification received 
on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request 
to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant 
to subparagraph (b) of this § 1 (3). Any securities 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global 
Note shall be delivered only outside of the United 
States (as defined in § 6 (2)).] 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag 
(der "Austauschtag"), der nicht weniger als 40 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde liegt, ausgetauscht. Ein solcher 
Austausch 
soll 
nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind 
(ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder 
bestimmte Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen 
über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen 
auf durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte 
Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen 
Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die 
am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses § 1 (3) 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern (wie 
in § 6 (2) definiert).] 
(4) Clearing System. Each global note representing the 
Notes will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing 
System" means [if more than one Clearing System, 
the following applies: each of] the following: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 
("CBL")] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] 
[(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together 
the "ICSDs")]. 
(4) Clearing System. Jede die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefende Globalurkunde wird von einem 
Clearing System oder im Namen eines Clearing 
Systems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt sind. "Clearing System" bedeutet [bei mehr 
als 
einem 
Clearing 
System 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils] 
folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL")] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] [CBL und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs"]. 
[In case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is an NGN, the following 
applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.  
The principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from time 
to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression means the 
records that each ICSD holds for its customers which 
reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the principal 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem 
jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen 
die Register zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für 
seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
schlüssiger

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, 
und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Nennbetrag der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that the details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation 
(as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung und Zahlung 
bzw. 
Kauf 
und 
Löschung 
bezüglich 
der 
Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden und dass nach dieser Eintragung 
vom Nennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen wird. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that the details of such exchange shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
Bei Austausch bloß eines Anteils von ausschließlich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
[In case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and represented by a CGN, the following 
applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt und die durch eine 
CGN verbrieft werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes. 
(5) Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren 
Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
§ 2 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and 
pari 
passu 
with 
all 
other 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such 
obligations are accorded priority under mandatory 
provisions of statutory law. 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, 
soweit 
diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht 
durch 
zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any of the Notes remain 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen,

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
principal and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes 
(i) not to grant or permit to subsist any encumbrance 
in rem over any or all of its present or future assets 
as security for any present or future Capital Market 
Indebtedness 
(as 
defined 
below) 
issued 
or 
guaranteed by the Issuer or by any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) or by any other 
person, and (ii) to procure (to the extent legally 
possible and permissible) that none of its Principal 
Subsidiaries will grant or permit to subsist any 
encumbrance in rem over any or all of its present or 
future assets, as security for any present or future 
Capital Market Indebtedness issued or guaranteed by 
the Issuer or by any of its Principal Subsidiaries or 
by any other person, without at the same time having 
the Holders share equally and rateably in such 
security or such other security as may have been 
approved by an independent accounting firm of 
recognised 
international 
standing 
as 
being 
equivalent security. Any security which may have to 
be provided pursuant to this § 2 (2) may, 
alternatively, also be provided to a bank, financial 
institution or accounting firm of recognised 
international standing acting as trustee for the 
Holders. Sentence one shall not apply in relation to 
encumbrances granted as security for Capital Market 
Indebtedness 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge 
an Kapital und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, (i) weder ihr 
gegenwärtiges noch ihr zukünftiges Vermögen ganz 
oder teilweise zur Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie 
unten definiert), die von der Emittentin, einer ihrer 
wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (wie unten 
definiert) oder einer anderen Person eingegangen 
oder gewährleistet ist, dinglich zu belasten oder eine 
solche Belastung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu 
lassen, 
und 
(ii) 
ihre 
wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
zu 
veranlassen 
(soweit 
rechtlich möglich 
und zulässig), 
weder ihr 
gegenwärtiges noch ihr zukünftiges Vermögen ganz 
oder teilweise zur Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, die 
von der Emittentin, einer ihrer wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften oder einer anderen Person 
eingegangen oder gewährleistet ist, dinglich zu 
belasten oder eine solche Belastung zu diesem 
Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die 
Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit oder einer 
sonstigen 
Sicherheit, 
welche 
von 
einer 
unabhängigen Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft von 
internationalem Rang als gleichwertige Sicherheit 
anerkannt wurde, im gleichen Rang und gleichen 
Verhältnis teilnehmen zu lassen. Jede gemäß diesem 
§ 2 (2) zu gewährende Sicherheit kann auch zu 
Gunsten einer bzw. einer/s als Treuhänderin der 
Gläubiger 
handelnden 
Finanzinstituts 
oder 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
von 
internationalem Rang bestellt werden. Satz 1 ist 
nicht 
auf 
als 
Sicherheit 
für 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
bestellte 
Belastungen anwendbar, 
(a) by a person 
(a) welche von einer Person bestellt wurden, 
(i) which becomes a Principal Subsidiary after 
the Issue Date (as defined in § 3 (1)); or 
(i) die nach dem Begebungstag (wie in § 3 (1) 
definiert) 
eine 
wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft wird; oder 
(ii) which is merged with the Issuer or a 
Principal Subsidiary after the Issue Date 
(as defined § 3 (1)); 
(ii) die nach dem Begebungstag (wie in § 3 (1) 
definiert) mit der Emittentin oder einer 
wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaft 
verschmolzen wird; 
(b) affecting any asset acquired by the Issuer or a 
Principal Subsidiary after the Issue Date (as 
defined in § 3 (1)) where such encumbrance is 
already in existence at the time of such 
acquisition, is not created in contemplation 
thereof and where the principal amount secured 
is not increased after such acquisition; 
(b) welche 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft nach dem 
Begebungstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 3 (1) 
definiert) 
erworbene Vermögenswerte betreffen, sofern die 
Belastung zum Zeitpunkt dieses Erwerbs schon 
bestand, nicht im Hinblick auf diesen Erwerb 
bestellt wurde und der besicherte Betrag nicht 
nach dem Zeitpunkt dieses Erwerbs erhöht 
wurde;

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
(c) the purpose of which is to finance in whole or in 
part 
or 
to 
refinance 
the 
acquisition, 
establishment or development of projects 
(Projektfinanzierungen) after the Issue Date (as 
defined in § 3 (1)), provided that the recourse of 
the holders of Capital Market Indebtedness is 
limited to assets pertaining to such project 
(including any interest in project companies); or 
(c) welche zur Besicherung der vollständigen oder 
teilweisen Finanzierung oder Refinanzierung des 
Erwerbs, der Errichtung oder Entwicklung von 
Projekten (Projektfinanzierungen) nach dem 
Begebungstag (wie in § 3 (1) definiert) bestellt 
wurden, sofern der Rückgriff der Gläubiger aus 
der Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit auf die zu 
einem 
solchen 
Projekt 
gehörenden 
Vermögenswerte (einschließlich von Anteilen an 
Projektgesellschaften) beschränkt ist; oder 
(d) in satisfaction of a claim under sections 125, 22 
of 
the 
German 
Transformation 
Act 
(Umwandlungsgesetz). 
(d) welche zur Erfüllung eines Anspruchs gemäß 
§§ 125, 22 Umwandlungsgesetz bestellt wurden. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means in these 
Terms and Conditions (i) any current or future 
obligation for the repayment of borrowed money 
which is in the form of, or represented by, notes or 
other securities which are or are capable of being 
listed or traded on a stock exchange or another 
multilateral trading facility or for which listing or 
trading is anticipated, (ii) each assignable loan 
(Schuldscheindarlehen) which exceeds a total 
amount of € 100,000,000 during the term of the 
Notes and (iii) any guarantee or other security 
granted for such obligation.  
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" im Sinne dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen ist (i) jede gegenwärtige oder 
zukünftige 
Verbindlichkeit 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge, 
die 
durch 
Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere, 
die an einer Börse oder an einem anderen 
multilateralen Handelssystem notiert oder gehandelt 
werden oder werden können oder hinsichtlich derer 
ein solcher Handel beabsichtigt ist, verbrieft, 
verkörpert oder dokumentiert sind sowie (ii) jedes 
Schuldscheindarlehen, das über die Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen einen Gesamtbetrag von 
€ 100.000.000 übersteigt und (iii) jede Garantie oder 
sonstige 
Gewährleistung 
einer 
solchen 
Verbindlichkeit.  
"Principal Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary (as 
defined below) of the Issuer, the total assets and/or 
EBITDA (as defined below) of which, as determined 
by reference to its latest audited annual financial 
statements, as at the date at which those financial 
statements were prepared or, as the case may be, for 
the financial period to which those financial 
statements relate, account for 7.5 per cent. or more of 
the total assets and/or EBITDA of the Group (as 
defined below) (determined by reference to the latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group). "Group" means the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries from time to time, taken as a whole. 
"Subsidiary" means at any time any enterprise 
which was fully consolidated in the latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer. 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
(wie 
unten 
definiert) 
der 
Emittentin, deren in ihrem letzten geprüften 
Jahresabschluss ausgewiesene Summe der Aktiva 
und/oder EBITDA (wie unten definiert), zum 
Zeitpunkt dieses Abschlusses bzw. für den Zeitraum, 
auf den sich dieser Abschluss bezieht, mindestens 
7,5 % der im letzten geprüften Konzernabschluss 
ausgewiesenen Summe der Aktiva und/oder des 
EBITDA des Konzerns (wie unten definiert) beträgt. 
"Konzern" bezeichnet die Emittentin und ihre 
jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaften, betrachtet als 
Ganzes. "Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet für einen 
bestimmten Zeitpunkt jedes ausweislich des letzten 
geprüften Konzernabschlusses der Emittentin voll 
konsolidierte Unternehmen. 
"EBITDA" means net income of the relevant 
Subsidiary or, as the case may be, profit/loss for the 
period of the EWE Group before (i) deduction of any 
expenses and additions to provisions on account of 
taxation on income, (ii) deduction or addition of any 
interest, commissions, discounts and other fees and 
charges incurred in respect of any financial 
indebtedness, 
(iii) deduction 
on 
account of 
depreciation and amortisation on intangible fixed 
"EBITDA" bezeichnet den Jahresüberschuss der 
jeweiligen 
Tochtergesellschaft 
bzw. 
das 
Periodenergebnis des EWE-Konzerns vor (i) Abzug 
von 
Aufwendungen 
oder 
Zuführungen 
zu 
Rückstellungen für Steuern vom Einkommen und 
vom Ertrag, (ii) Abzug von Zinsen und ähnlichen 
Aufwendungen und Addition von Zinsen und 
ähnlichen 
Erträgen 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
(iii) 
Abzug 
für

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
assets and tangible assets, (iv) addition of any 
extraordinary income and deduction of any 
extraordinary expenses (including interest for tax 
audits, merger losses, write down for impaired assets 
and write down for impaired participations, in each 
case without double counting), (v) write downs on 
financial assets and (vi) income or losses from long 
term securities and loans. 
Abschreibungen 
auf 
immaterielle 
Vermögensgegenstände des Anlagevermögens und 
Sachanlagen, (iv) Addition von außerordentlichen 
Erträgen 
und 
Abzug 
von 
außerordentlichen 
Aufwendungen 
(einschließlich 
Zinsen 
für 
Betriebsprüfungen, 
Verschmelzungsverluste, 
Teilwertabschreibung und Beteiligungsvorsorge, 
jedoch 
nur 
soweit 
dies 
nicht 
zu 
Doppelberücksichtigung führt), (v) Abschreibungen 
auf Finanzanlagen und (vi) Erträgen oder Verlusten 
aus 
Wertpapieren 
und 
Ausleihungen 
des 
Finanzanlagevermögens. 
§ 3 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
ZINSEN 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on their principal 
amount from [Interest Commencement Date] 
(inclusive) (the "Interest Commencement Date") 
to the first Interest Payment Date (exclusive) and 
thereafter from each Interest Payment Date 
(inclusive) to the next following Interest Payment 
Date (exclusive). Interest on the Notes shall be 
payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf 
ihren 
Nennbetrag 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(einschließlich) (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach 
von jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
verzinst. Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means 
[In case of Specified Interest Payment Dates the 
following applies: each [Specified Interest Payment 
Dates].] 
[In case of Specified Interest Periods the following 
applies: each date which (except as otherwise 
provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls 
[number] [weeks] [months] after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, 
after 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date.] 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeder 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage].] 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(soweit 
diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
keine 
abweichenden 
Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils der Tag, der [Zahl] 
[Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag liegt, oder im Fall des ersten 
Zinszahlungstages, nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn.] 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as defined 
below), it shall be: 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird 
dieser Tag 
[In case of the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention the following applies: postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event the payment date shall be the immediately 
preceding Business Day.] 
[Im Fall der modifizierten folgender Geschäftstag-
Konvention ("Modified Following Business Day 
Convention") ist Folgendes anwendbar: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei 
denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[In case of the FRN Convention the following 
applies: postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event the Interest 
[Im Fall der FRN-Konvention ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding 
Business Day, and each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the day that numerically corresponds to 
the preceding Interest Payment Date in the calendar 
month that falls [number] months after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date for the Notes, the Issue Date, 
except that (a) if there is not any such numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
the relevant Interest Payment Date should occur, then 
the Interest Payment Date will be the last day that is 
a Business Day in that month, (b) if the relevant 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
that is not a Business Day, then the Interest Payment 
Date will be the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, 
in which case the Interest Payment Date will be the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day, and (c) if 
the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred on the last day in a calendar month that was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent applicable 
Interest Payment Dates prior to the Maturity Date (as 
defined in § 5 (1)) will be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the month that falls [number] 
months after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date.] 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen und im 
Falle einer Zinszahlung ist jeder nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag der Tag, der durch seine Zahl dem 
vorhergehenden Zinszahlungstag in demjenigen 
Kalendermonat entspricht, der [Zahl] Monate nach 
dem vorhergehenden Zinszahlungstag oder, im Fall 
des ersten Zinszahlungstages, dem Begebungstag 
liegt; außer, dass wenn (a) kein derartiger seiner Zahl 
nach entsprechender Tag in dem Kalendermonat 
existiert, in den der Zinszahlungstag fällt, dann ist der 
Zinszahlungstag der letzte Geschäftstag in diesem 
Kalendermonat; (b) der relevante Zinszahlungstag 
auf einen Tag fallen würde, der kein Geschäftstag ist, 
dann ist der Zinszahlungstag der erste darauf 
folgende Geschäftstag, es sei denn, dieser Tag fällt in 
den nächsten Kalendermonat; in diesem Fall wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den ersten vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben; und (c) der vorhergehende 
anwendbare Zinszahlungstag auf den letzten Tag in 
einem Kalendermonat fallen würde, der ein 
Geschäftstag war, dann sind alle folgenden 
anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstage 
vor 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 (1) definiert) der jeweils 
letzte Geschäftstag des Monats, der [Zahl] Monate 
nach 
dem 
vorhergehenden 
anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
[In case of the Following Business Day Convention 
("Following Business Day Convention") the 
following applies: postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day.] 
[Im Fall der folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
("Following Business Day Convention") ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: auf den nachfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben.] 
[In case of the Preceding Business Day Convention 
("Preceding Business Day Convention") the 
following applies: the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
[Im Fall der vorhergegangener Geschäftstag-
Konvention 
("Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention") ist Folgendes anwendbar: auf den 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen.] 
For these purposes, "Business Day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
[In case the Notes are not denominated in Euro, the 
following applies: on which commercial banks are 
generally open for business in, and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in [relevant financial 
centre(s)]][.][and]  
[In case the Clearing System and TARGET shall be 
operational, the following applies: 
on which the Clearing System as well as all relevant 
parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
(TARGET2) are operational to effect payments.] 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen 
Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
nicht 
auf 
Euro 
lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
an dem Geschäftsbanken allgemein für Geschäfte in 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum/-en] geöffnet sind und 
Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen 
in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum/-en] abwickeln][.][und] 
[Falls das Clearing System und TARGET 
betriebsbereit 
sein 
müssen, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
an dem das Clearing System sowie alle betroffenen 
Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 
(TARGET2) betriebsbereit sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.]

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the 
Specified Currency is EURIBOR, the following applies: 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der festgelegten 
Währung EURIBOR ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of 
Interest") for each Interest Period (as defined 
below) will be a rate per annum equal to the 
Reference Rate (as defined below) [[plus] [minus] 
the Margin (as defined below)]. 
(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
Zinssatz per annum, der dem Referenzsatz (wie 
nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] entspricht. 
The Calculation Agent will, subject to § 3 (5), 
determine the relevant Reference Rate in accordance 
with this § 3 (2) on each Interest Determination Date. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
bestimmt 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 3 Absatz (5) an jedem Zinsfestsetzungstag den 
jeweiligen Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe dieses 
§ 3 Absatz (2). 
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest Period will 
be determined as follows: 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode wird wie 
folgt bestimmt. 
(a) Initially the Reference Rate for each Interest Period 
will be the Original Benchmark Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. 
(a) Anfänglich entspricht der Referenzsatz für jede 
Zinsperiode dem Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz an 
dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
(b) If the Original Benchmark Rate does not appear on 
the Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, but no Benchmark 
Event has occurred, the Reference Rate on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the 
Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on the 
last 
day 
preceding 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date on which such Original 
Benchmark Rate was displayed. 
(b) Falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz zu dem 
betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird, aber kein Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist, entspricht der Referenzsatz der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
(c) If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Reference Rate for 
each Interest Period commencing on or after the 
Effective Date (as defined in § 3 (5)(h)) will be 
determined in accordance with § 3 (5). 
(c) Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt, wird der 
Referenzsatz für jede Zinsperiode, die an oder nach 
dem Stichtag (wie in § 3 Absatz (5)(h) definiert) 
beginnt, gemäß § 3 Absatz (5) bestimmt. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means 
(subject to § 3 (5)) the [insert applicable number of 
months]-month 
Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) appearing 
on the Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
on the Interest Determination Date. 
Der "Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz" für einen 
beliebigen 
Tag 
entspricht 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3 Absatz (5)) der [entsprechende Anzahl an 
Monaten einfügen] Monats Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum), die 
am Zinsfestsetzungstag um 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum ab 
dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) sowie jeden 
folgenden Zeitraum ab einem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Determination Date" means the second 
TARGET Business Day prior to the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period. "TARGET Business 
Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 
(TARGET2) is operational.  
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten 
TARGET Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. "TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 
(TARGET2) betriebsbereit ist.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
["Margin" means [percentage] per cent. per 
annum.] 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [Prozentsatz] % per annum.] 
"Screen Page" means the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 or such other screen page of Reuters or 
such other information service which is the successor 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01. 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet Reuters Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 oder eine andere Bildschirmseite von 
Reuters 
oder 
von 
einem 
anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
welche 
die 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 ersetzt. 
"Reference Banks" means the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-Zone 
interbank market, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Hauptniederlassungen von vier von der Emittentin 
ausgewählten Großbanken im Interbanken-Markt in 
der Euro-Zone. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
"repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der 
zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem jeweiligen Markt für 
eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those 
member states of the European Union that have 
adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (signed in 
Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty 
on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 
February 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 
1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon of 13 December 2007, 
as further amended from time to time.] 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die gemäß 
dem Vertrag über die Gründung der Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 
1957), geändert durch den Vertrag über die 
Europäische Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 
7. Februar 1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. 
Oktober 1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 13. 
Dezember 2007, in seiner jeweiligen Fassung, eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder jeweils 
eingeführt haben werden.] 
[In case of a Minimum Rate of Interest the following 
applies: 
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(3) Mindestzinssatz. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions 
is less than [Minimum Rate of Interest], the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [Minimum 
Rate of Interest].] 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als 
[Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz].] 
[In case of a Maximum Rate of Interest the following 
applies: 
[Im 
Fall 
eines 
Höchstzinssatzes 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(3) Höchstzinssatz. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions 
is greater than [Maximum Rate of Interest], the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
[Maximum Rate of Interest].] 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als 
[Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].] 
[(4)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or 
as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Notes in respect of the Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined below) to the Specified Denomination and 
[(4)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der 
Zinssatz 
zu 
bestimmen 
ist, 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
(der "Zinsbetrag") 
für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird 
ermittelt, 
indem 
der 
Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of 
the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded upwards. 
die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet werden, 
wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste 
Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- oder 
abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten 
aufgerundet werden. 
(5) 
Benchmark Event. If the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the 
Original Benchmark Rate, the Issuer will notify the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with § 12, the Holders 
thereof, and the relevant Reference Rate will be 
determined as follows: 
(5) 
Benchmark-Ereignis. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
feststellt, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug 
auf den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eingetreten 
ist, wird die Emittentin diesen Umstand dem Fiscal 
Agent, der Berechnungsstelle, der Zahlstelle und 
gemäß § 12 den Gläubigern mitteilen und gilt für 
die Bestimmung des jeweiligen Referenzsatzes 
Folgendes: 
(a) Independent Adviser. The Issuer shall endeavour to 
appoint an Independent Adviser as soon as possible, 
who will determine a New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments. 
(a) Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emittentin wird sich 
bemühen, sobald wie möglich einen Unabhängigen 
Berater 
zu 
benennen, 
der 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen festlegt. 
(b) If prior to any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
(b) Wenn vor dem jeweiligen Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(i) the Issuer fails to appoint an Independent 
Adviser; or 
(i) die Emittentin keinen Unabhängigen Berater 
ernennt; oder 
(ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine a New Benchmark Rate, 
(ii) der ernannte Unabhängige Berater keinen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz festlegt, 
the Reference Rate applicable to the immediately 
following Interest Period shall be the Original 
Benchmark Rate on the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz für die unmittelbar 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode dem Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz an dem letzten zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
If this § 3 (5)(b) is to be applied on the Interest 
Determination Date prior to the commencement of 
the first Interest Period, the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period shall be [the 
Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on the 
last day preceding the Interest Determination Date 
on which such Original Benchmark Rate was 
displayed] [[•] per cent. per annum]. 
Falls dieser § 3 Absatz (5)(b) bereits an dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
vor 
Beginn 
der 
ersten 
Zinsperiode zur Anwendung kommt, entspricht der 
Referenzsatz für die erste Zinsperiode [dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt 
wurde] 
[[•] % 
per 
annum]. 
If the fallback rate determined in accordance with 
this § 3 (5)(b) is to be applied, § 3 (5) will be 
operated again to determine the Reference Rate 
applicable to the next following Interest Period. 
Falls 
der 
Ausweichsatz 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3 Absatz (5)(b) zur Anwendung kommt, wird 
§ 3 Absatz (5) 
erneut 
angewendet, 
um 
den 
Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
nächste 
nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode zu bestimmen. 
(c) Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate. If the Independent Adviser 
determines in its reasonable discretion that: 
(c) Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
oder 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. Falls der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
(i) there is a Successor Benchmark Rate, then such 
Successor Benchmark Rate shall subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(i) dass es einen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz gibt, 
dann ist dieser Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz in der 
Folge 
anstelle 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes maßgeblich; oder 
(ii) there is no Successor Benchmark Rate but that 
there is an Alternative Benchmark Rate, then 
(ii) dass es keinen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz aber 
einen Alternativ-Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
such 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Benchmark Rate, 
dieser Alternativ-Benchmarksatz in der Folge 
an Stelle des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
maßgeblich, 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the immediately 
following Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods will be (x) the relevant New Benchmark 
Rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
plus (y) the Adjustment Spread. 
und der Referenzsatz entspricht für die unmittelbar 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode und alle folgenden 
Zinsperioden 
dem 
betreffenden 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
(y) 
der 
Anpassungsspanne. 
(d) Adjustment Spread. The Adjustment Spread (as 
defined in § 3 (5)(g)) shall be applied to the New 
Benchmark Rate in order to determine the relevant 
Reference Rate. 
(d) Anpassungsspanne. Die Anpassungsspanne (wie in 
§ 3 Absatz (5)(g) definiert) wird auf den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz angewendet, um den betreffenden 
Referenzsatz zu bestimmen. 
(e) Benchmark Amendments. If any relevant New 
Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread are determined in accordance with this 
§ 3 (5), and if the Independent Adviser determines 
in its reasonable discretion that amendments to these 
Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such New Benchmark Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), 
then 
the 
Independent Adviser will determine the Benchmark 
Amendments in its reasonable discretion and the 
Issuer will give notice thereof in accordance with 
§ 3 (5)(f). 
(e) Benchmark-Änderungen. 
Wenn 
ein 
Neuer 
Benchmarksatz 
und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz (5) 
festgelegt werden und der Unabhängige Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen feststellt, dass Änderungen 
dieser Bedingungen notwendig sind, um die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten 
(diese 
Änderungen 
werden 
als 
"Benchmark-
Änderungen" 
bezeichnet), 
dann 
wird 
der 
Unabhängige Berater nach billigem Ermessen die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
festlegen 
und 
die 
Emittentin diese durch eine Mitteilung gemäß 
§ 3 Absatz (5)(f) bekanntmachen. 
The Benchmark Amendments may include without 
limitation amendments to be made to: 
Diese 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
können 
insbesondere folgende Änderungen umfassen: 
(i) the Reference Rate and/or (in replacement of 
§ 3 (2)(b) and (c)) the method for determining 
the fallback rate in relation to the Reference 
Rate; and/or 
(i) des Referenzsatzes und/oder (in Ersetzung von 
§ 3 Absatz (2)(b) und (c)) der Methode zur 
Bestimmung des Ausweichsatzes (sog. fallback 
rate) für den Referenzsatz; und/oder 
(ii) the definitions of the terms "Screen Page", 
"Business Day", "Interest Payment Date", 
"Interest Period", "Day Count Fraction" and/or 
"Interest Determination Date" (including the 
determination whether the Reference Rate will 
be determined on a forward looking or a 
backward looking basis); and/or 
(ii) der 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe 
"Bildschirmseite", 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient" 
und/oder 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
(einschließlich 
der 
Festlegung ob der Referenzsatz vorwärts- oder 
rückwärtsgerichtet bestimmt wird); und/oder 
(iii) the payment business day condition in § 4 (4). 
(iii) der Zahltag-Bestimmung gemäß § 4 Absatz (4). 
(f) Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with § 12, the Holders as soon as such 
notification is (in the Issuer's reasonable discretion) 
practicable following the determination thereof. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
Effective Date. 
(f) Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin wird einen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
so 
bald 
nach 
deren 
Feststellung wie (nach billigem Ermessen der 
Emittentin) praktikabel dem Fiscal Agent, der 
Berechnungsstelle, der Zahlstelle und gemäß § 12 
den Gläubigern mitteilen. Eine solche Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich und hat den Stichtag zu benennen.

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any), each as 
specified in such notice, will be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Holders. The Conditions 
shall be deemed to have been amended by the New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
Effective Date. 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne 
und etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen, die jeweils in 
der Mitteilung benannt werden, sind für die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die Berechnungsstelle, 
die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend. Die 
Bedingungen gelten ab dem Stichtag als durch den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne und 
die etwaigen Benchmark-Änderungen geändert. 
On or prior to the date of such notice, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by 
two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
Am oder vor dem Tag dieser Mitteilung hat die 
Emittentin dem Fiscal Agent eine durch zwei 
Unterschriftsberechtigte 
der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichnete Bescheinigung zu übergeben, die 
(i)  
(i)  
(I) confirming that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred; 
(I) bestätigt, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(II) specifying the relevant New Benchmark 
Rate; 
(II) den Neuen Benchmarksatz benennt; 
(III) specifying the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any); and 
(III) die entsprechende Anpassungsspanne und 
etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen benennt; 
und 
(IV) specifying the Effective Date; and 
(IV) den Stichtag benennt; und 
(ii) certifying that the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any, are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant New Benchmark 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
(ii) bestätigt, dass die etwaigen Benchmark-
Änderungen 
notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des betreffenden 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten. 
(g) Definitions. As used in this § 3 (5): 
(g) Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in § 3 Absatz (5): 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be positive, 
negative or zero, will be expressed in basis points 
and means either (a) the spread or (b) the result of 
the operation of the formula or methodology for 
calculating the spread, 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, negativ oder 
gleich Null sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt und bezeichnet entweder (a) die Spanne 
oder (b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung der Formel 
oder Methode zur Berechnung der Spanne, 
(i) which in the case of a Successor Benchmark 
Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Benchmark 
Rate with the Successor Benchmark Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(i) die im Fall eines Nachfolge-Benchmarksatzes 
von 
einem 
Normierungsgremium 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes durch den 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz förmlich empfohlen 
wird; oder 
(ii) which (if no such recommendation has been 
made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate) is applied to the New 
Benchmark Rate in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement reference rate for the 
Original Benchmark Rate, provided that all 
determinations will be made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable discretion. 
(ii) die (sofern keine Empfehlung abgegeben wurde 
oder im Fall eines Alternativ-Benchmark-
satzes) 
bei 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmarkttransaktionen 
auf 
den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz angewendet wird, um 
einen 
branchenweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-
Benchmarksatz 
für 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz zu erzeugen, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
den 
Unabhängigen

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen vorgenommen 
werden. 
"Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means 
an 
alternative benchmark or screen rate which is 
customarily applied in international debt capital 
markets transactions for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the Specified Currency, provided that 
all determinations will be made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable discretion. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
alternative Benchmark oder einen alternativen 
Bildschirmsatz, die bzw. der üblicherweise bei 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmarkttransaktionen 
zur Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen (oder 
dazugehörigen 
Zinskomponenten) 
in 
der 
Festgelegten Währung angewendet wird, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen vorgenommen 
werden. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given 
to it in § 3 (5)(e). 
"Benchmark-Änderungen" 
hat 
die 
in 
§ 3 Absatz (5)(e) festgelegte Bedeutung. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
(i) a material alteration of the methodology as used 
by the administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate as of the Interest Commencement Date for 
the determination of the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(i) eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
bei 
Verzinsungsbeginn gültigen Methode für die 
Feststellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes durch den Administrator des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes; oder 
(ii) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark Rate 
that the Original Benchmark Rate has ceased to 
be representative or an industry accepted rate 
for debt market instruments such as, or 
comparable to the Notes; or 
(ii) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes dahingehend, 
dass der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz nicht 
länger repräsentativ oder branchenweit für mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vergleichbare 
Fremdkapitalmarktinstrumente akzeptiert ist; 
oder 
(iii) the Original Benchmark Rate ceasing to be 
published on a regular basis or ceasing to exist; 
or 
(iii) den 
Umstand, 
dass 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht 
mehr 
regelmäßig 
veröffentlicht oder nicht fortgeführt wird; oder 
(iv) a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate that it has ceased or 
that it will cease publishing the Original 
Benchmark Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances 
where 
no 
successor 
administrator has been appointed that will 
continue the publication of the Original 
Benchmark Rate); or 
(iv) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes dahingehend, dass dieser die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird (in Fällen in denen kein Nachfolge-
Administrator ernannt worden ist, der die 
weitere Veröffentlichung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes vornehmen wird); oder 
(v) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark Rate, 
that the Original Benchmark Rate has been or 
will 
be 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(v) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes dahingehend, 
dass 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt 
wurde oder wird; oder 
(vi) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original 
Benchmark Rate has been or will be prohibited 
(vi) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes infolge deren 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz allgemein

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
from being used either generally, or in respect 
of the relevant Notes; or 
oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht mehr verwendet wird bzw. verwendet 
werden darf; oder 
(vii) it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other 
party to calculate or determine any Reference 
Rate using the Original Benchmark Rate, 
(vii) den Umstand, dass die Verwendung des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zur 
Berechnung 
oder 
Bestimmung 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
für 
eine 
Zahlstelle, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Emittentin oder einen 
Dritten rechtswidrig geworden ist., 
provided that for the purposes of (i) through 
(iii), a material alteration of the methodology 
used by the administrator on the Interest 
Commencement Date for the determination of 
the Original Benchmark Rate will be deemed as 
cessation and discontinuation, respectively, of 
the Original Benchmark Rate. 
wobei für die Zwecke von (i) bis (iii) eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
bei 
Verzinsungsbeginn gültigen Methode für die 
Feststellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes durch den Administrator der 
Einstellung 
bzw. 
Nichtfortführung 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes gleichsteht. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means a successor to 
or replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger 
oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
der 
durch 
das 
Nominierungsgremium förmlich empfohlen wurde. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor 
Benchmark Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. 
"Neuer 
Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of 
the replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate: 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
die Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes: 
(i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Original Benchmark Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(i) die Zentralbank für die Währung, in der der 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz dargestellt wird 
oder 
eine 
Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes zuständig ist; oder 
(ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (I) the central bank for the currency 
to which the Original Benchmark Rate relates, 
(II) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate, (III) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (IV) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
(ii) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jedes Komitee, die 
bzw. das von (I) der Zentralbank für die 
Währung, 
in 
der 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz dargestellt wird, (II) einer 
Zentralbank oder anderen Aufsichtsbehörde, 
die für die Aufsicht des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes zuständig ist, 
(III) einer Gruppe der zuvor genannten 
Zentralbanken oder anderen Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder (IV) dem Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial 
Stability Board) oder Teilen davon gefördert, 
geführt oder mitgeführt oder gebildet wird. 
"Effective Date" has the meaning specified in 
§ 3 (5)(h). 
"Stichtag" hat die in § 3 Absatz (5)(h) festgelegte 
Bedeutung. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer. 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein von der 
Emittentin bestelltes unabhängiges Finanzinstitut 
mit internationalem Ansehen oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in 
internationalen Kapitalmärkten.

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
(h) The effective date for the application of this § 3 (5) 
(the "Effective Date") will be: 
(h) Der 
Stichtag 
für 
die 
Anwendung 
dieses 
§ 3 Absatz (5) (der "Stichtag") ist: 
(i) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result 
of clause (i) of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date on which the 
material alteration of the methodology takes 
effect; or 
(i) der Tag, an dem die wesentliche Änderung der 
Methode wirksam wird, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund des Absatzes (i) der 
Definition des Begriffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(ii) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result 
of clause (ii) of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date of the public 
statement 
by 
the 
supervisor 
of 
the 
Administrator of the Original Benchmark Rate; 
or 
(ii) der Tag der öffentlichen Stellungnahme der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund des Absatzes (ii) 
der Definition des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
(iii) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result 
of clause (iii) of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date of the occurrence 
of the Benchmark Event; or 
(iii) der 
Tag 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
Benchmark-
Ereignisses, wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund des Absatzes (iii) der Definition des 
Begriffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
(iv) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result 
of clause (iv) or (v) of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date of cessation of 
publication of the Original Benchmark Rate or 
of 
the 
discontinuation 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, as the case may be; or 
(iv) der Tag, an dem die Veröffentlichung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes eingestellt 
wird 
bzw. 
an 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz eingestellt wird, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund der Absätze (iv) 
oder 
(v) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
(v) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result 
of clause (vi) or (vii) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the date from which 
the prohibition applies. 
(v) der 
Tag, 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr verwendet werden 
darf, wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund 
des Absatzes (vi) oder (vii) der Definition des 
Begriffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist. 
(i) If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to any New 
Benchmark Rate, § 3 (5) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the replacement of such New 
Benchmark Rate by any new Successor Benchmark 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, as the case 
may be. 
(i) Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
eintritt, 
gilt 
dieser 
§ 3 Absatz (5) entsprechend für die Ersetzung des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. 
[(6)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period, each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
to the Holders and to the Paying Agent in 
accordance with § 12 as soon as possible after their 
determination, and, if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to 
time listed, to such stock exchange. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently 
be 
amended 
(or 
appropriate 
alternative arrangements 
made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to any 
[(6)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, 
der 
Zinsbetrag 
für 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der 
relevante Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin, den 
Gläubigern sowie der Zahlstelle gemäß § 12 
baldmöglichst nach ihrer Feststellung, und jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert 
sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
können 
der 
mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag 
und 
Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed 
and to the Holders in accordance with § 12. 
solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an 
denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß 
§ 12 mitgeteilt. 
[(7)] Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the 
provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent or 
the Independent Adviser shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agent and the Holders. 
[(7)] Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle 
oder dem Unabhängigen Berater für die Zwecke 
dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
nicht 
ein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und die 
Gläubiger bindend. 
[(8)] Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem 
the Notes when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes beyond (and including) the due date until (but 
excluding) the actual redemption of the Notes at the 
default rate of interest established by law2. 
[(8)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
fallen auf den ausstehenden Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) 
Zinsen 
zum 
gesetzlich festgelegten Satz für Verzugszinsen an8. 
[(9)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" 
means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"): 
[(9)] Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet 
im Hinblick auf die Berechnung des Zinsbetrages 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[In case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following 
applies: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case of Actual/360 the following applies: the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Actual/360 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
§ 4 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1) (a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System 
or (if applicable) to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
(1) (a) 
Zahlungen von Kapital. Zahlungen von Kapital 
in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearing System oder 
gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf 
den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearing Systems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph 
(2), to the Clearing System or (if applicable) to 
its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System. 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing 
System oder gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur 
 
2  
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank 
from time to time, sections 288 para.1, 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). 
 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
[In case of interest payable on a Temporary 
Global Note the following applies: Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or (if 
applicable) to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System, upon 
due certification as provided in § 1 (3)(b).] 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das 
Clearing System oder gegebenenfalls dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3)(b).] 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and 
other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency.  
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung.  
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen Order 
von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of 
any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next such day in the relevant place 
and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay.  
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, 
der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am 
jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht 
berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
[In case the Notes are not denominated in Euro the 
following applies: on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
[relevant financial centre(s)]][.][and]  
[In case the Clearing System and TARGET shall be 
open the following applies: 
on which the Clearing System as well as all relevant 
parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
(TARGET2) are operational to effect payments.] 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
nicht 
auf 
Euro 
lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
an dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum/-en] 
abwickeln][.][und] 
[Falls das Clearing System und TARGET offen sein 
müssen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
an dem das Clearing System sowie alle betroffenen 
Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 
(TARGET2) betriebsbereit sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.]  
(5) References to Principal and Interest. Reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
the Redemption Amount of the Notes; [If the Notes 
are redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other 
than taxation reasons, the following applies: the 
Call Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [If the 
Notes are redeemable at the option of the Holder, 
the following applies: the Put Redemption Amount 
(5) Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf 
einen Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; [Falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
anderen als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
of the Notes;] and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in respect 
of the Notes. Reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] [Falls die Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht haben, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag 
sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbare 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche 
gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
§ 5 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) Redemption 
at 
Maturity. 
Unless 
previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their 
Redemption Amount on the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [Redemption Month] (the "Maturity 
Date"). The "Redemption Amount" in respect of 
each Note shall be its principal amount. 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor 
bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft 
und 
entwertet, 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat] fallenden Zinszahlungstag 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a 
result of any Tax Law Change (as hereinafter 
defined) the Issuer is required to pay Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in 
§ 3 (1)) and this obligation cannot be avoided by the 
use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, 
the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, 
at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 
days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of 
redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § 12 to the Holders, at their 
Redemption Amount, together with interest (if any) 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. A "Tax 
Law Change" is (i) any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, (ii) any change 
in, or amendment to, an official interpretation, 
administrative guidance or application of such laws 
or regulations, (iii) any action and/or decision which 
shall have been taken by any taxing authority, or any 
court of competent jurisdiction of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein, whether or not 
such action was taken or brought with respect to the 
Issuer or (iv) any change, amendment, application, 
interpretation or execution of the laws of the Federal 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
Sollte die Emittentin zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
definiert) aufgrund einer Änderung des Steuerrechts 
(wie nachstehend definiert) am nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 3 (1) 
definiert) 
verpflichtet sein und kann diese Verpflichtung nicht 
durch das Ergreifen angemessener, der Emittentin 
zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden 
werden, 
können 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der 
Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 12 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und 
zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zu dem 
für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden. Eine "Änderung des 
Steuerrechts" ist (i) eine Änderung oder Ergänzung 
der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden, 
(ii) eine Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung 
oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften, (iii) jede von den Steuerbehörden oder 
der 
zuständigen 
Gerichtsbarkeit 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden getroffene 
Maßnahme/Entscheidung, unabhängig davon, ob

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
Republic of Germany (or any regulations or ruling 
promulgated 
thereunder), 
which 
change, 
amendment, action, application, interpretation or 
execution is officially proposed and would have 
effect on or after the date on which the last tranche 
of this series of Notes was issued. 
eine derartige Maßnahme in Zusammenhang mit der 
Emittentin steht, oder (iv) jede Änderung, jeder 
Zusatz, jede Neufassung, Anwendung, Auslegung 
oder Durchsetzung der Gesetze der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
(oder 
jeder 
dazu 
ergangenen 
Verordnung oder Regelung), der oder die offiziell 
vorgeschlagen 
wurde 
(vorausgesetzt, 
diese 
Änderung, 
dieser 
Zusatz, 
diese 
Neufassung, 
Anwendung, Auslegung oder Durchsetzung würde 
am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche 
dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
wird, wirksam werden). 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given 
(i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is 
given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. The date fixed for 
redemption must be an Interest Payment Date. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin 
erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, 
solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine 
Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig 
sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erfolgt, die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. Der für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegte 
Termin 
muss 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with 
§ 12. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement 
in summary form of the facts constituting the basis 
for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 12 zu erfolgen. 
Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin 
nennen 
und 
eine 
zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche die 
das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden 
Umstände darlegt. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this § 5 (2), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent an opinion of an independent legal 
adviser of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has been obliged or will become obliged to pay 
the Additional Amounts in question as a result of the 
relevant change in law. 
Vor 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemäß diesem § 5 (2) wird 
die Emittentin der Emissionsstelle ein Gutachten 
eines angesehenen unabhängigen Rechtsberaters 
übergeben, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die Emittentin 
verpflichtet ist oder verpflichtet sein wird, die 
betreffenden Zusätzlichen Beträge als Folge der 
betreffenden Rechtsänderung zu zahlen. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer on Call Redemption Date(s) or 
within Call Redemption Period(s), the following 
applies: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen an Wahlrückzahlungstag(en) 
oder 
in 
Wahlrückzahlungsperiode(n) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) [In the case of Call Redemption Date(s) insert: The 
Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with 
clause (b), redeem all or only some of the Notes on 
the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. 
(a) [Im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) 
einfügen: Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Call) 
zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen (Call), wie 
nachstehend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen.

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call) 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) 
[Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[In the case of Call Redemption Period(s) insert: 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance 
with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
within the Call Redemption Period(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. 
[Im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode(n) (Call) 
einfügen: Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt oder teilweise innerhalb der Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode(n) (Call) zum/zu den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbeträgen (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
Call Redemption Period(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode(n) 
(Call) 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode(n)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder, the following applies: The 
Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption 
of such Note under subparagraph [(5)] of this § 5.] 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits 
der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach 
Absatz [5] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12. 
Such notice shall specify: 
(b) Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Gläubigern 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß 
§ 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole 
or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date 
on which notice is given by the Issuer to the 
Holders; and 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
(iv) den Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
[In the case of Call Redemption Period(s) insert:  
[Im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode(n) (Call) 
einfügen: 
"Call Redemption Date" means the date fixed for 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to § 5 [(3)](b).] 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)" bezeichnet den 
Tag, 
der 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 5 
[(3)](b) 
festgesetzt wurde.] 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the 
rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In case of 
Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of 
CBL and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount, at the discretion of 
CBL and Euroclear.]] 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN 
begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die 
teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
CBL und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder 
als 
Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Nennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount, 
the 
following applies: 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem 
Gesamtnennbetrag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal 
Amount. 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
bei geringem ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag. 
If 75 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding have been redeemed or purchased by the 
Issuer or any direct or indirect subsidiary, the Issuer may, 
on not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to the 
Holders of Notes redeem, at its option, the outstanding 
Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Specified 
Denomination plus interest (if any) accrued to but 
excluding the date of such redemption.] 
Wenn 75 % oder mehr des Nennbetrags der dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
direkte 
oder 
mittelbare 
Tochtergesellschaft zurückgezahlt oder zurückerworben 
wurde, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl alle 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen gegenüber den 
Gläubigern zu kündigen und zur Festgelegten Stückelung 
zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurück zu zahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder, the following applies: 
[Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any 
Note, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the last day of the Put Redemption 
Period. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach 
Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch 
den 
Gläubiger 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen 
(Put), 
wie 
nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[Put Redemption Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect 
of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under 
this § 5. 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung eines 
ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (as 
defined below), send to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in written 
form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice 
is received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the 30th 
Payment Business Day before the Put Redemption 
Date, the option shall not have been validly 
exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which 
such option is exercised and (ii) the securities 
identification numbers of such Notes, if any. The Put 
Notice may be in the form available from the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in the German 
and 
English 
language and 
includes 
further 
information. No option so exercised may be revoked 
or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to 
redeem Notes in respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer 
or to its order.] 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger 
nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor 
dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie 
nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine 
schriftliche Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. Falls die 
Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter 
Zeit am 30. Zahltag vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam 
ausgeübt. Die Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: 
(i) 
den 
gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt wird und (ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). 
Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie 
es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen der 
Emissionsstelle in deutscher und englischer Sprache 
erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise enthält, 
verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts 
kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren 
Order.] 
§ 6 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE, DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent 
and their respective initial specified offices are: 
(1) Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle 
und die Berechnungsstelle und ihre bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent:  
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle:  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
[Calculation Agent: [name and specified office]] 
[Berechnungsstelle: 
[Namen 
und 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle]] 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to 
Die 
Emissionsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle 
und die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor,

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
change their respective specified offices to some 
other specified offices in the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
jederzeit ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch 
eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu ersetzen. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to 
appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other 
Paying Agents or another Calculation Agent. The 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent 
[in case of payments in U.S. dollars the following 
applies: [,] [and] [(ii)] if payments at or through the 
offices of all Paying Agents outside the United 
States become illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange controls or 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of 
such amounts in United States dollars, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in New York City] [,] 
[and] [(iii)] a Calculation Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Holders in accordance with § 12. 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
"United States" means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle 
oder der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder eine andere 
Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine Emissionsstelle 
unterhalten [im Fall von Zahlungen in US-Dollar 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: [,] [und] [(ii)] falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen 
aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City 
unterhalten] [,] [und] [(iii)] eine Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur 
wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. Für die 
Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von 
Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und 
des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and do not have any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle, die 
Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle handeln 
ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
STEUERN 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by 
or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder 
aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern 
oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die 
von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für 
deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
is required by law. If such withholding is required by law, 
the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the Holders, after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that 
no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account 
of any taxes or duties which: 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder 
Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein solcher 
Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so wird die 
Emittentin 
diejenigen 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
(die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, 
damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge 
nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; 
die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher 
Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und 
Abgaben, die: 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank 
or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer from 
payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter 
des Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst auf 
andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen 
von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Abzug oder Einbehalt 
vornimmt; oder 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or 
having had, some personal or business connection 
with the Federal Republic of Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect 
of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are 
deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured 
in, the Federal Republic of Germany, or 
(b) wegen 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
früheren 
persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Gläubigers zur Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu 
zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder 
dort besichert sind; oder 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation concerning 
the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any 
international treaty or understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Federal Republic of 
Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union betreffend die Besteuerung von 
Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische 
Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder 
Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided 
for and notice thereof is published in accordance 
with § 12, whichever occurs later, or 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, 
welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 
wirksam wird; oder 
(e) are withheld or deducted by a paying agent from a 
payment if the payment could have been made by 
another paying agent without such withholding or 
deduction, or 
(e) von einer Zahlstelle einbehalten oder abgezogen 
werden, wenn die Zahlung von einer anderen 
Zahlstelle ohne den Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte 
vorgenommen werden können; oder 
(f)  are deducted pursuant to section 10 of the German 
Defence against Tax Havens Act (Steueroasen-
Abwehrgesetz). 
(f)  aufgrund von § 10 des Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetzes 
abzuziehen sind. 
For the avoidance of doubt: The Kapitalertragsteuer in 
the Federal Republic of Germany and the solidarity 
Zur Klarstellung: Die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
geltende Kapitalertragsteuer und der darauf erhobene

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon do not 
constitute a tax on interest payments as described above 
in respect of which Additional Amounts would be 
payable by the Issuer. 
Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer oder sonstige 
Abgabe im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche 
Beträge seitens der Emittentin zu zahlen wären. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms 
and Conditions, none of the Issuer, any paying agent or 
any other person shall be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to any withholding or deduction 
imposed on or with respect to any Note pursuant to 
section 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 ("FATCA"), any treaty, law, regulation or other 
official guidance implementing FATCA, or any 
agreement (or related guidance) between the Issuer, a 
paying agent or any other person and the United States, 
any other jurisdiction, or any authority of any of the 
foregoing implementing FATCA. 
Unbeschadet 
sonstiger 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen sind weder die Emittentin, eine 
Zahlstelle 
oder 
sonstige 
Personen 
verpflichtet, 
zusätzliche Beträge, im Hinblick auf einen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug gemäß der Abschnitte 1417 bis 1474 des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Codes von 1986 ("FATCA"), einem 
Abkommen, einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung oder 
sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien, die FATCA umsetzt 
oder einer sonstigen Vereinbarung zwischen der 
Emittentin, einer Zahlstelle oder einer anderen Person 
und den Vereinigten Staaten, einer sonstigen Jurisdiktion 
oder einer der vorgenannten Behörden, die FATCA 
umsetzt, zu zahlen. 
§ 8 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
The presentation period provided in section 801 para. 1, 
sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years for the Notes.  
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
KÜNDIGUNG 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to 
declare his Notes due and demand immediate 
redemption thereof at their principal amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in 
the event that 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, 
seine Schuldverschreibungen zu kündigen und deren 
sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag 
zuzüglich (etwaiger) bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
(a) Non Payment. the Issuer fails to pay principal or 
interest or any other amounts due on the Notes 
within 30 days after the relevant due date; 
(a) Nichtzahlung. die Emittentin Kapital oder 
Zinsen 
oder 
sonstige 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge nicht 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem betreffenden 
Fälligkeitsdatum zahlt; 
(b) Breach of other obligation. the Issuer fails duly 
to perform any other obligation arising from the 
Notes which failure is not capable of remedy or, 
if such failure is capable of remedy, such failure 
continues for more than 30 days after the Fiscal 
Agent has received notice thereof from a Holder; 
(b) Verletzung einer sonstigen Verpflichtung. die 
Emittentin 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese 
Unterlassung nicht geheilt werden kann oder, 
falls sie geheilt werden kann, länger als 30 Tage 
fortdauert, nachdem die Emissionsstelle hierüber 
eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger 
erhalten hat; 
(c) Cross Default. any Financial Indebtedness (as 
defined below) of the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary becomes prematurely due as a result 
of a breach of the terms thereof, or the Issuer or 
any Principal Subsidiary fails to fulfil any 
payment 
obligation 
under 
any 
Financial 
Indebtedness or under any guarantee or other 
(c) Drittverzugsregelung. eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit (wie unten definiert) der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
ihrer 
wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften wegen der Verletzung 
einer ihrer Bestimmungen vorzeitig fällig wird, 
oder die Emittentin oder eine ihrer wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
eine

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
indemnity given for any Financial Indebtedness 
of others within 30 days from its due date or, in 
the case of a guarantee or other indemnity, within 
30 days after the guarantee or other indemnity 
has been invoked, unless the aggregate amount 
of all such Financial Indebtedness and/ or 
guarantees or other indemnities for Financial 
Indebtedness is less than € 35,000,000 or the 
equivalent thereof in any other currency; 
Zahlungsverpflichtung 
aus 
einer 
Finanzverbindlichkeit oder auf Grund einer 
Garantie oder sonstigen Gewährleistung für eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit Dritter nicht innerhalb 
von 30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit, bzw. im Falle 
einer Garantie oder sonstigen Gewährleistung, 
nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Garantie oder 
sonstigen Gewährleistung, erfüllt; es sei denn, 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
aller 
dieser 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
und/oder 
Garantien 
oder 
sonstiger 
Gewährleistungen 
für 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten beträgt weniger als 
€ 35.000.000 oder den Gegenwert davon in 
anderen Währungen; 
(d) Cessation of Payments. the Issuer announces its 
inability to meet its financial obligations or 
ceases its payments; 
(d) Zahlungseinstellung. 
die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre 
Zahlungen einstellt; 
(e) Insolvency etc. a court opens insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer, or the Issuer 
applies for or institutes such proceedings, or a 
third party neither arbitrarily nor abusive applies 
for insolvency proceedings against the Issuer and 
such proceedings are not discharged or stayed 
within 60 days; or 
(e) Insolvenz u.ä. ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, oder die 
Emittentin 
die 
Eröffnung 
eines 
solchen 
Verfahrens beantragt, oder ein Dritter weder 
willkürlich 
noch 
rechtsmissbräuchlich 
die 
Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens gegen die 
Emittentin beantragt und derartige Verfahren 
nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 60 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt werden; oder 
(f) Liquidation. the Issuer goes into liquidation or 
dissolution unless through a restructuring 
measure. 
(f) Liquidation. die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, 
es sei denn, dies geschieht durch eine 
Restrukturierungsmaßnahme. 
"Financial Indebtedness" means any current or 
future indebtedness for borrowed money whether or 
not represented or evidenced by notes or other 
securities. 
"Finanzverbindlichkeit" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
gegenwärtige und zukünftige Verbindlichkeit aus 
aufgenommenen Geldern unabhängig davon, ob sie 
in 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
anderen 
Wertpapieren verbrieft ist oder nicht. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate, if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the 
right is exercised.  
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt 
wurde.  
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 9 (1)(b) or 
(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless 
at the time such notice is received any of the events 
specified in § 9 (1)(a) and (1)(d) to (1)(f) entitling 
Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, 
become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such notices from the Holders of at least 
one-tenth in principal amount of Notes then 
outstanding. 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 9 (1)(b) oder (1)(c) 
wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei deren Eingang 
zugleich einer der in § 9 (1)(a) und (1)(d) bis (1)(f) 
bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, 
erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Nennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
(3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring 
Notes due, in accordance with subparagraph (1) shall 
be made by means of a declaration in the German or 
English language in text form (Textform, i.e. fax or 
email) or (a) to the specified office of the Fiscal 
(3) Benachrichtigung. 
Eine 
Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Absatz (1) ist in 
Textform (z.B. per Fax oder E-Mail) in deutscher 
oder englischer 
Sprache 
(a) 
gegenüber 
der

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
Agent together with a proof that such notifying 
Holder at the time of such notice is a holder of the 
relevant Notes by means of a statement of his 
Custodian (as defined in § [13][14] (3)) or any other 
appropriate manner or (b) to its Custodian for the 
notice to be delivered to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Issuer. 
Emissionsstelle zu erklären und zusammen mit 
einem Nachweis in Form einer Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank (wie in § [13][14] (3) definiert) oder in 
einer anderen geeigneten Weise zu übermitteln, aus 
der sich ergibt, dass der Benachrichtigende zum 
Zeitpunkt der Benachrichtigung ein Gläubiger der 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist oder (b) bei 
seiner Depotbank zur Weiterleitung an die 
Emittentin über das Clearing System zu erklären. 
§ 10 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
ERSETZUNG 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest 
on any of the Notes is in default, at any time 
substitute for the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined 
below) of it as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with this 
issue (the "Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital 
oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Verzug befindet, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger 
ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten 
definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary 
authorisations and may transfer to the Paying Agent 
in the currency required and without being obligated 
to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of 
whatever nature levied by the country in which the 
Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of 
the payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(b) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erhalten hat und berechtigt ist, an 
die 
Zahlstelle 
die 
zur 
Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der 
festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet 
zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere 
Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Holder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge imposed on such 
Holder in respect of such substitution; 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden 
Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben 
oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem 
Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
(d) the 
Issuer 
irrevocably 
and 
unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the payment of 
all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect 
of the Notes; 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
gegenüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller von der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge 
garantiert; 
(e) the credit quality of the Notes will not be materially 
adversely affected due to such substitution; 
(e) die Kreditqualität der Schuldverschreibungen durch 
die 
Ersetzung 
nicht 
wesentlich 
nachteilig 
beeinträchtigt wird; 
(f) the Substitute Debtor, if a foreign company, has 
appointed an authorised agent domiciled in the 
Federal Republic of Germany for accepting services 
of process for any legal disputes or other 
(f) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin, falls sie ihren Sitz in 
einem anderen Land als der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland hat, einen Zustellungsbevollmächtigten 
mit Sitz in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland für

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
Proceedings (as defined below) before German 
courts; and 
Rechtstreitigkeiten und andere Verfahren (wie unten 
definiert) vor deutschen Gerichten bestellt hat; und 
(g) the Issuer shall have made available at an agent 
appointed for that purpose one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised 
standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) 
and (d) above have been satisfied. 
(g) die Emittentin eine Bestätigung bezüglich der 
betroffenen Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten bei einer dafür beauftragten Stelle 
verfügbar macht, dass die Bestimmungen in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) 
erfüllt wurden. 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any 
enterprise which has its seat within a member state of 
the European Union or the European Free Trade 
Association (EFTA) and of which more than 90 per 
cent. of the voting stock is held directly or indirectly 
by the Issuer. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "Verbundenes 
Unternehmen" ein Unternehmen, das seinen Sitz in 
einem Mitgliedstaat der Europäischen Union oder 
der Europäischen Freihandelsassoziation (EFTA) hat 
und dessen stimmberechtigte Anteile direkt oder 
indirekt zu mehr als 90% von der Emittentin gehalten 
werden. 
"Proceedings" shall mean any action or other legal 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes. 
"Verfahren" bedeutet sämtliche im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen 
oder sonstige Verfahren. 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 12. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 12 
bekanntzumachen. 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be 
deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and any 
reference to the country in which the Issuer is 
domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall 
from then on be deemed to refer to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such 
substitution the following shall apply: 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer 
Ersetzung 
gilt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das 
Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. 
Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
In § 7 and § 5 (2) an alternative reference to the 
Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to 
have been included in addition to the reference 
according to the preceding sentence to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor and in § 9 (1)(c) to (f) an 
alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as 
guarantor shall be deemed to have been included (in 
addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor). 
In § 7 und § 5 (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach 
Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in 
dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat) und in § 9 (1)(c) bis (f) gilt eine 
alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in ihrer 
Eigenschaft 
als 
Garantin 
als 
aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich 
zu 
der 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
§ 11 
§ 11 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further 
Notes having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue 
price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung 
der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
den gleichen Bedingungen (gegebenenfalls mit 
Ausnahme 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) 
in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit den

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to 
the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.  
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
§ 12 
§ 12 
NOTICES 
MITTEILUNGEN 
(1) All notices concerning the Notes shall be published 
in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). Any notice 
so given will be deemed to be validly given on the 
third calendar day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
third calendar day following the date of the first such 
publication).  
(1) Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
werden 
im 
Bundesanzeiger 
veröffentlicht. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
dritten 
Kalendertag 
nach 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am dritten Kalendertag nach 
dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
[in case of Notes which are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following 
applies: All notices concerning the Notes will be 
made by means of electronic publication on the 
internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
erfolgen 
durch 
elektronische Publikation auf der Website der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.bourse.lu). 
Jede 
Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. [In case of Notes 
which are unlisted the following applies: The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the 
fifth day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] [In case of Notes 
which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the following applies: So long as any 
Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. In the 
case of notices regarding the Rate of Interest or, to 
the extent the Rules and Regulations of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System 
to the Holders, in lieu of publication set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the 
fifth day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] [In case of Notes 
which are listed on a Stock Exchange other than 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht notiert sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Solange Schuldverschreibungen auf 
dem offiziellen Kursblatt der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am geregelten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, findet Absatz 
(1) Anwendung. Soweit dies Mitteilungen über den 
Zinssatz betrifft oder die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Börse es zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung 
und die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer 
anderen Börse als der Luxemburger Börse notiert 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die Emittentin ist

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following 
applies: The Issuer may, in lieu of publication set 
forth in subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant 
notice to the Clearing System, for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Holders, provided that the 
rules of the stock exchange on which the Notes are 
listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders 
on the fifth day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass die Regeln der Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form der 
Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(3) Notification to the Issuer. Notices to be given by any 
Holder to the Issuer shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text form (Textform, i.e. fax or email) 
and in the English or German language or registered 
mail to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given 
by any Holder to the Fiscal Agent through the 
relevant Clearing System in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent and the relevant Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
(3) Mitteilung an die Emittentin. Mitteilungen eines 
Gläubigers an die Emittentin haben in Textform 
(z.B. per Fax oder E-Mail) und in englischer oder 
deutscher Sprache an die Emissionsstelle zu 
erfolgen. Eine solche Mitteilung von einem 
Gläubiger an die Emissionsstelle kann über das 
betreffende Clearingsystem in einer von der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
dem 
betreffenden 
Clearingsystem dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
[In case of Notes that provide for Resolutions of 
Holders the following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger vorsehen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
§ 13 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
HOLDERS, COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer 
may agree with the Holders on amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions by virtue of a majority 
resolution of the Holders pursuant to sections 5 
et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), as amended from 
time to time. In particular, the Holders may consent 
to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, including 
such measures as provided for under section 5 
para. 3 of the SchVG, but excluding a substitution of 
the Issuer, which is exclusively subject to the 
provisions in § 10, by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Holders as stated under 
§ 13 (2) below. A duly passed majority resolution 
shall be binding equally upon all Holders. 
(1) Änderung 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen. 
Die 
Emittentin kann gemäß §§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") in seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung mit den Gläubigern 
Änderungen 
an 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
vereinbaren, 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger 
einen 
entsprechenden Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei 
können die Gläubiger durch Beschluss der in 
§ 13 (2) 
genannten 
Mehrheit 
insbesondere 
Änderungen zustimmen, welche den Charakter der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
wesentlich 
verändern, 
einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 SchVG genannten 
Maßnahmen, aber mit Ausnahme der Ersetzung der 
Emittentin, 
welche 
ausschließlich 
den 
Bestimmungen 
von 
§ 10 
unterliegt. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für 
alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum requirements 
are being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by 
simple majority of the voting rights participating in 
the vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular 
in the cases of section 5 para. 3 numbers 1 through 9 
of the SchVG, may only be passed by a majority of 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Vorbehaltlich 
der 
Bestimmungen 
des 
folgenden 
Satzes 
und 
vorausgesetzt, die Anforderungen an das Quorum 
sind erfüllt, können die Gläubiger Beschlüsse mit 
einfacher Mehrheit der abgegebenen Stimmen 
fassen. Beschlüsse, welche den Charakter der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
wesentlich 
verändern, 
insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nrn. 1 
bis 9 SchVG, bedürfen der qualifizierten Mehrheit

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
at least [percentage] per cent. of the voting rights 
participating in the vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
von mindestens [Prozentsatz] % der abgegebenen 
Stimmen (die "Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). 
(3) Vote without a meeting. Subject to § 13 (4), 
resolutions of the Holders shall exclusively be made 
by means of a vote without a meeting (Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 
of the SchVG. The request for voting will provide 
for further details relating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as 
well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to 
the Holders together with the request for voting. The 
exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be received at the 
address stated in the request for voting no later than 
the third day preceding the beginning of the voting 
period. As part of the registration, Holders must 
demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote 
by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian 
in accordance with § [13][14] (3)(i)(a) and (b) 
hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant 
Notes are not transferable from and including the 
day such registration has been sent until and 
including the day the voting period ends. 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Vorbehaltlich 
§ 13 (4) 
können 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger 
ausschließlich im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gefasst werden, wie sie in § 18 
SchVG vorgesehen ist. Die Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe 
enthält 
weitere 
Ausführungen 
hinsichtlich der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand der 
Abstimmung 
sowie 
die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
werden 
den 
Gläubigern 
zusammen mit der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
bekannt gegeben. Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger 
abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten Tag 
vor dem Beginn des Abstimmungszeitraums unter 
der 
in 
der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. Zusammen mit der 
Anmeldung müssen Gläubiger den Nachweis ihrer 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
durch eine besondere Bescheinigung der Depotbank 
gemäß § [13][14] (3)(i)(a) und (b) in Textform und 
die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank 
erbringen, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen für den Zeitraum vom Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis 
dem 
Ende 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragen werden können. 
(4) Second Noteholders' Meeting. If it is ascertained that 
no quorum exists for the vote without meeting 
pursuant 
to 
§ 13 (3), 
the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a noteholders' 
meeting, which shall be deemed to be a second 
noteholders' meeting within the meaning of 
section 15 para. 3 sentence 3 of the SchVG. 
Attendance at the second noteholders' meeting and 
exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be received at the 
address stated in the convening notice no later than 
the third day preceding the second noteholders' 
meeting. Holders must demonstrate their eligibility 
to participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with 
§ [13][14] (3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and 
by submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the noteholders' meeting. 
(4) Zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
Wird 
die 
Beschlussfähigkeit bei der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung nach § 13 (3) nicht festgestellt, kann 
der Abstimmungsleiter eine Gläubigerversammlung 
einberufen, 
welche 
als 
zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung im Sinne des § 15 Absatz 3 
Satz 3 SchVG gilt. Die Teilnahme an der zweiten 
Gläubigerversammlung 
und 
die 
Stimmrechtsausübung sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger 
abhängig. 
Die 
Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten Tag vor der 
zweiten Gläubigerversammlung unter der in der 
Einberufung 
angegebenen 
Anschrift 
zugehen. 
Zusammen mit der Anmeldung müssen Gläubiger 
den Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an 
der 
Abstimmung 
durch 
eine 
besondere 
Bescheinigung 
der 
Depotbank 
gemäß 
§ [13][14] (3)(i)(a) und (b) in Textform und die 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank 
erbringen, aus der hervorgeht, dass die relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen für den Zeitraum vom Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Versammlung 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragen werden können.

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
(5) Holders' 
representative. 
[If 
no 
Holders' 
Representative is designated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes the following applies: The 
Holders may by majority resolution provide for the 
appointment 
or 
dismissal 
of 
a 
common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative"), the 
duties and responsibilities and the powers of such 
Holders' Representative, the transfer of the rights of 
the Holders to the Holders' Representative and a 
limitation of liability of the Holders' Representative. 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative may only 
be passed by a Qualified Majority if such Holders' 
Representative is to be authorised to consent, in 
accordance with § 13 (2) hereof, to a material 
change in the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions.]  
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. [Im Fall, dass kein 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen Vertreter 
(der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") bestellen oder 
abberufen, die Pflichten, Verantwortlichkeiten und 
Rechte eines solchen Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
festlegen, die Übertragung der Rechte der Gläubiger 
auf 
den 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
sowie 
die 
Haftungsbegrenzung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn 
der 
Gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit § 13 (2) autorisiert ist, einer 
wesentlichen 
Änderung 
des 
Charakters 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen zuzustimmen.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the following 
applies: The common representative (the "Holders' 
Representative") shall be [name]. The Holders' 
Representative 
shall 
have 
the 
duties 
and 
responsibilities and powers provided for by law. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative shall be 
limited to ten times of the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has 
acted wilfully or with gross negligence. The 
provisions of the SchVG apply with respect to the 
dismissal of the Holders' Representative and the 
other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative.] 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bestimmt 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Der gemeinsame Vertreter 
(der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") ist [Name]. Der 
Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Pflichten und 
Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte, die ihm von 
Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehnfachen 
Betrag seiner jährlichen Vergütung begrenzt, es sei 
denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich oder 
grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften des 
SchVG gelten im Hinblick auf die Abberufung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters und die sonstigen Rechte 
und Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
(6) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall 
be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
(6) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen 
§ 13 betreffend erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(7) Amendments of guarantees. The provisions set out 
above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to any guarantee provided in relation to the 
Notes.] 
(7) Änderungen von Garantien. Die oben aufgeführten 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
gelten 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Bestimmungen 
jeder 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen abgegebenen Garantie.] 
§ [13][14] 
§ [13][14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, 
and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
(1) Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem 
Recht. 
(2) Place of jurisdiction. Non-exclusive place of 
jurisdiction for all proceedings arising from matters 
provided for in these Conditions of Issue shall be, as 
far as permitted by law, Frankfurt am Main. The 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht-ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand 
für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten in den in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten 
ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, Frankfurt am Main.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
Holders are entitled to assert their claims also before 
any other competent court. The Issuer hereby 
submits to the jurisdiction of the courts which are 
competent pursuant to this subparagraph. 
Die Gläubiger können ihre Ansprüche jedoch auch 
vor jedem anderen zuständigen Gericht geltend 
machen. Die Emittentin unterwirft sich hiermit der 
Gerichtsbarkeit der nach diesem Absatz zuständigen 
Gerichte. 
The local court (Amtsgericht) of the district where 
the Issuer has its registered office shall have 
jurisdiction for all judgments pursuant to sections 9 
para. 2, 13 para. 3 and 18 para. 2 SchVG in 
accordance with section 9 para. 3 SchVG. The 
regional court (Landgericht) in the district where the 
Issuer has its registered office shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction for all judgments over contested 
resolutions by Noteholders in accordance with 
section 20 para. 3 SchVG. 
Für Entscheidungen gemäß §§ 9 Absatz 2, 13 
Absatz 3 und 18 Absatz 2 SchVG ist gemäß § 9 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Amtsgericht zuständig, in 
dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. Für 
Entscheidungen 
über 
die 
Anfechtung 
von 
Beschlüssen der Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß § 20 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Landgericht ausschließlich 
zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz 
hat. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceeding against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce 
in his own name his rights arising under such Notes 
on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian (as defined below) with whom such 
Holder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that 
the Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing 
System 
containing 
the 
information 
pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without the need 
for production in such proceedings of the actual 
records or the global note representing the Notes. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised 
standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and 
includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other 
way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage wahrzunehmen oder geltend 
zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank 
bei, 
bei 
der 
er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und 
die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) 
den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) 
bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearing 
System 
eine 
schriftliche 
Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) 
bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt 
eine 
Kopie 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des Clearing 
Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der 
Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank 
oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das 
berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
Unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden 
kann 
jeder 
Gläubiger 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
§ [14][15] 
§ [14][15] 
LANGUAGE 
SPRACHE 
[If the Conditions are to be in the German language 
with an English language translation, the following 
applies: 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die englische 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Conditions are to be in the English language with 
a German language translation, the following applies: 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling and 
binding. The German language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Conditions are to be in the English language 
only, the following applies: 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER DER ENDGÜLTIGEN BEDINGUNGEN) 
[EEA MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[•]] 
[EEA MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN 
UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis 
geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), 
umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft 
oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme 
oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle 
zu bestimmen. [•]] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. [•]] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN 
UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis 
geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des 
Handbuchs der Finanzaufsicht des UK (Financial Conduct Authority – "FCA") Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS") und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch das EU 
Austrittsabkommen 2018 Teil des Rechts des UK ist ("UK MiFIR"), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. [Negativen 
Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder 
empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; jedoch ist ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, dafür verantwortlich, 
seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen. [•]]

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. [•]]1  
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an 
Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht 
angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die 
Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden 
Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"); oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung, "IDD"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 
MiFID II gilt. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, 
die "PRIIPs-Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die 
sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das 
Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im 
EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein. [•]]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as amended as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. [•]]3 
[VERBOT 
DES 
VERKAUFS 
AN 
KLEINANLEGER 
IM 
VEREINIGTEN 
KÖNIGREICH 
– 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an 
Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich ("UK") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im UK nicht angeboten, nicht 
an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden 
Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche 
durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des Rechts des UK ist; oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne 
der Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung ("FSMA") und 
aller Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 
erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nr. 8 der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 gilt; welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des UK ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach 
der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014, in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des UK ist 
 
1 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area and UK" as "Not 
Applicable". 
2 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum" 
für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären. 
3  
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Not Applicable".

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
(die "UK PRIIPs-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die 
sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im UK erstellt; daher kann das Angebot 
oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im UK nach 
der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein. [•]]4 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
EWE Aktiengesellschaft 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 529900L64X6KZZW19R71 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 529900L64X6KZZW19R71 
[Title of relevant Tranche of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen] 
Series: [●], Tranche [●] 
Serie: [●], Tranche [●] 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis: [●] % 
Issue Date: [●]5 
Tag der Begebung: [●]5 
issued pursuant to the 
€ 3,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme dated 7 October 2022 of EWE Aktiengesellschaft 
begeben auf Grund des 
€ 3.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme vom 7. Oktober 2022 der EWE Aktiengesellschaft 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 (5) in conjunction with Article 25 (4) of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and 
must be read in conjunction with of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated 
7 October 2022 [and the supplement(s) dated [●]] (the "Prospectus"). The Prospectus and any supplement thereto are 
available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the 
website of EWE Aktiengesellschaft (www.ewe.com) and copies may be obtained from EWE Aktiengesellschaft, 
Tirpitzstraße 39, 26122 Oldenburg, Federal Republic of Germany. Full information on is only available on the basis of 
the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement and these Final Terms. 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 in Verbindung mit Artikel 25 Absatz 4 
der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 
("Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Debt Issuance Programme Prospekt vom 
7. Oktober 2022 über das Programm [und [dem Nachtrag][den Nachträgen] dazu vom [●]] (der "Prospekt") zu lesen. 
Der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu) und der Internetseite der EWE Aktiengesellschaft (www.ewe.com) eingesehen werden. Kopien sind 
erhältlich bei der EWE Aktiengesellschaft, Tirpitzstraße 39, 26122 Oldenburg. Vollständige Informationen sind nur 
verfügbar, wenn der Prospekt, etwaige Nachträge und diese Endgültigen Bedingungen dazu zusammengenommen 
werden. 
 
4  
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich" für "Nicht 
anwendbar" erklären. 
5  
The Issue Date is the date of payment and issue of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date. 
 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen bezahlt und begeben werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Tag der 
Begebung der Tag der Lieferung.

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
PART A – Terms and Conditions 
TEIL A – Emissionsbedingungen 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options contained 
therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert 6: 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen 
bestimmten weiteren Optionen) und Vervollständigung der betreffenden Leerstellen bestimmt werden, einfügen6: 
The conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") and the [German] [English] language translation thereof, are 
as set out below. 
Die 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
geltenden 
Bedingungen 
(die 
"Bedingungen") 
sowie 
die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier betreffende Angaben der Option I (einschließlich der 
betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here relevant provisions of Option II including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier betreffende Angaben der Option II (einschließlich 
der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options contained 
therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch Verweisung auf 
die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen 
This Part A. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of terms and conditions that apply to Notes [with 
fixed interest rates] [with floating interest rates] (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus as [Option I] 
[Option II]. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the set of Terms and 
Conditions. 
Dieser Teil A. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit den dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
[mit 
fester 
Verzinsung] 
[mit 
variabler 
Verzinsung] 
Anwendung 
findet 
(die 
"Emissionsbedingungen"), zu lesen, die der als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in dem 
Satz der Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, haben, falls die Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht etwas anderes bestimmen, 
dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this part of the Final Terms to numbered Articles and subparagraphs are to Articles and subparagraphs 
of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen. 
All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in the Final Terms which are either not selected or 
completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the terms and conditions applicable to the Notes (the 
"Conditions"). 
Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen 
und die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt werden oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Emissionsbedingungen (die "Bedingungen") gestrichen.] 
 
6 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BEGRIFFSBESTIMMUNGEN (§ 1) 
Currency; Denomination7 
 
Währung; Stückelung7 
 
Specified Currency 
[●] 
Festgelegte Währung 
[●] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[●] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[●] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[●] 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
[●] 
Specified Denomination 
[●] 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
[●] 
Global Note 
 
Globalurkunde 
 
□ Classical Global Note8 
 
Classical Global Note8 
 
□ New Global Note9 
 
New Global Note9 
 
□ C Rules 
 
C Rules 
 
Permanent Global Note 
 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
□ D Rules 
 
D Rules 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
Clearing System 
 
Clearing System 
 
□ Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
 
□ Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
□ Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
 
 
 
7  
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in Euro, € 100,000, and, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount at least 
equivalent to € 100,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. 
 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt € 100.000, bzw., falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer anderen Währung 
als Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen mindestens 
dem Gegenwert von € 100.000 entspricht. 
8  
Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen 
9  
Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
□ Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
 
Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz 
[●] % per annum 
Issue Date 
[●] 
Begebungstag 
[●] 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
[●] 
Festzinstermin(e) 
[●] 
First Interest Payment Date 
[●] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[●] 
Initial Broken Amount per Specified Denomination 
[●] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung 
[●] 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[●] 
Letzter dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehender Festzinstermin 
[●] 
Final Broken Amounts per Specified Denomination 
[●] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung 
[●] 
□ Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[●] 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[●] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
[●] 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
[number] [weeks][months] 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
[Zahl][Wochen][Monate] 
Business Day Convention 
 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
□ Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
Modifizierte folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
□ FRN Convention 
[number] months 
FRN-Konvention 
[Zahl]Monate 
□ Following Business Day Convention 
 
Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
□ Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Vorhergegangener Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Business Day 
 
Geschäftstag 
 
□ relevant financial centre(s) 
[●] 
relevante(s) Finanzzentrum/-en 
[●] 
□ TARGET 
 
TARGET

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
Zinssatz 
 
□ EURIBOR  
 
 □ Original Benchmark Rate 
[insert applicable 
number of months] 
  
Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
[anwendbare Anzahl an 
Monaten angeben] 
Interest Determination Date 
[first] [second] [relevant financial 
centre(s)] Business Day [prior to 
commencement] of Interest Period 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
[erster] [zweiter][relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum/-en] Geschäftstag 
[vor Beginn] der Zinsperiode 
Benchmark Event prior to the commencement of the first Interest 
Period (§ 3 (4)(b)) 
[Original Benchmark Rate on the 
Screen Page on the last day 
preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such Original 
Benchmark Rate was displayed] [[●] 
per cent. per annum] 
Benchmark-Ereignis vor Beginn der ersten Zinsperiode 
(§ 3 (4)(b)) 
[Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz auf 
der Bildschirmseite an dem letzten 
Tag vor dem Zinsfestsetzungstag, an 
dem dieser Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde] 
[[●] % per annum] 
Margin 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Marge 
[●] % per annum 
□ plus 
 
Plus 
 
□ minus 
 
minus 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 
□ Minimum Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Mindestzinssatz 
[●] % per annum 
□ Maximum Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Höchstzinssatz 
[●] % per annum 
Day Count Fraction10 
 
Zinstagequotient10 
 
□ Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
 
□ Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
□ Actual/360 
 
□ 30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
□ 30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
 
10 
Complete for all Notes. 
 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4)11 
 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4)11 
 
Payment Business Day 
 
Zahltag 
 
□ relevant financial centre(s) 
[●] 
relevante(s) Finanzzentrum/-en 
[●] 
□ TARGET 
 
TARGET 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
□ Maturity Date12 
[●] 
Fälligkeitstag12 
[●] 
□ Redemption Month13 
[●] 
Rückzahlungsmonat13 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer on Call Redemption 
Date(s) or Call Redemption Period(s) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin an/am Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) oder Wahl-Rückzahlungperiode(n) (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
□ Call Redemption Date(s)14 
[●] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)14 
[●] 
□ Call Redemption Period(s)15 
[●] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode(n) (Call)15 
[●] 
□ Call Redemption Amount(s)16 
[●] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call)16 
[●] 
Interest payment date following [number] years after the Interest 
Commencement Date and on each Interest Payment Date thereafter17 
 
Zinszahlungstag [Zahl] Jahre nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn und an jedem 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag17 
 
 
11 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
12 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
13 
Complete for floating rate Notes. 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
14 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
15 
Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
16 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
17  Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole)18 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Make-Whole)18 
 
□ Present Value 
Benchmark Yield plus [●] per cent. 
 
Abgezinster Marktwert 
Benchmark Rendite zuzüglich [●] % 
□ Benchmark Yield 
[insert 
[euro 
denominated 
benchmark debt security of the 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
[other 
relevant 
benchmark] 
specifying the following details: 
ISIN or other securities code, as 
observed 
at 
around 
noon 
[(Frankfurt time)] [other relevant 
time] on such date on Bloomberg 
page [ISIN] Govt HP (using the 
setting "Last Yield to Convention" 
and using the pricing source 
["FRNK"] 
[other 
source 
as 
relevant]), 
or 
as 
derived 
or 
published by such other source as 
determined by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent] 
 
[einfügen: [Euro-Referenz-Anleihe 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland] 
[andere 
Referenzanleihe] 
unter 
Angabe 
folgender 
Einzelheiten: 
ISIN 
oder 
andere 
Wertpapierkennung, 
wie 
gegen 
12:00 Uhr mittags [(Frankfurter 
Zeit)] [andere relevante Zeitzone] 
an diesem Tag auf der Bloomberg 
Seite 
[ISIN] 
Govt 
HP 
(unter 
Nutzung der Einstellung "Last 
Yield to Convention" und der 
Preisquelle 
["FRNK"] 
[andere 
relevante Preisquelle]) abgelesen, 
oder wie von einer anderen, durch 
die Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle 
festgelegten, Quelle hergeleitet oder 
veröffentlicht] 
□ Prior notice of redemption 
Not less than [15] [insert other 
minimum notice period (which 
shall be not less than five Business 
Days)] 
days' 
prior 
notice 
of 
redemption 
 
Kündigungsfrist 
Mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht weniger als [15] [andere 
Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, 
die 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
fünf 
Geschäftstage 
betragen 
darf] 
Tagen 
 
18  Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for reason of Minimal 
Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder19 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Kündigung nach Wahl des Gläubigers19 
[Ja/Nein] 
□ Put Redemption Date(s) 
[●] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
[●] 
□ Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[●] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
[●] 
[THE CALCULATION AGENT (§ 6) 
 
DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE (§ 6) 
 
Calculation Agent 
[●] 
Berechnungsstelle 
[●]] 
NOTICES (§ 12) 
 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 12) 
 
Place and medium of publication 
 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
□ Germany (Federal Gazette) 
 
Deutschland (Bundesanzeiger) 
 
□  Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxemburger Börse notiert 
sind 
 
Notification to Clearing System 
 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
 
□ Notes which are unlisted 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht notiert sind 
 
□ Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxemburger Börse notiert 
sind 
 
□ 
Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange other than the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer anderen Börse als der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind 
 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY 
RESOLUTION OF THE HOLDERS, COMMON 
REPRESENTATIVE (§ 13) 
 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH BESCHLUSS 
DER GLÄUBIGER, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 13) 
 
□ Applicable 
 
Anwendbar 
 
□ Not applicable 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
 
Qualified Majority 
[●] per cent. 
Qualifizierte Mehrheit 
[●] % 
 
19  Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
Holders' representative 
 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
 
□ 
No Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms Conditions of 
the Notes 
 
Keine Bestimmung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters in den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
 
□ 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes 
 
Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters in den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
 
Holders' Representative 
[specify name and address] 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
[Name und Anschrift angeben] 
LANGUAGE OF CONDITIONS (§ [14][15])20 
 
SPRACHE DER BEDINGUNGEN (§ [14][15])20 
 
□ German only 
 
Ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
□ English only 
 
Ausschließlich Englisch 
 
□ English and German (English controlling) 
 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
□ German and English (German controlling) 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
 
 
20  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
PART B – Other Information21 
TEIL B – Andere Informationen21 
 
21  There is no obligation to complete Part B of the Final Terms in its entirety, provided that such Notes will not be listed on any regulated 
market within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil B der Endgültigen Bedingungen vollständig auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der 
Emittentin auszufüllen. 
22  If use of proceeds are different from general corporate purposes of the Issuer include those reasons here.  
 
Sofern die Verwendung der Erlöse nicht in allgemeinen Gesellschaftszwecken der Emittentin bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben.  
1. ESSENTIAL INFORMATION 
 
GRUNDLEGENDE ANGABEN 
 
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an 
der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
 
□ 
So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer, except that 
certain Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, and 
borrowers from the Issuer and its affiliates. In addition, 
certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform services for the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
 
Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin bestehen bei den an der 
Emission beteiligten Personen keine Interessen, die für das 
Angebot bedeutsam sind, außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure 
und mit ihnen verbundene Unternehmen Kunden von und 
Kreditnehmer der Emittentin und mit ihr verbundener 
Unternehmen sein können. Außerdem sind bestimmte 
Platzeure an Investment Banking Transaktionen und/oder 
Commercial Banking Transaktionen mit der Emittentin 
beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran beteiligen, und 
könnten 
im 
gewöhnlichen 
Geschäftsverkehr 
Dienstleistungen für die Emittentin und mit ihr verbundene 
Unternehmen erbringen. 
 
□ 
Other interest (specify) 
[Specify Interests of Natural and Legal 
Persons involved in the Issue/Offer] 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und 
juristischer 
Personen, 
die 
an 
der 
Emission/dem 
Angebot 
beteiligt 
sind, 
einfügen] 
Use of proceeds22 
[Insert and adjust/complete as applicable: 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of 
the Notes will be used to finance Eligible 
Green Projects as defined in the May 2021 
Green Finance Framework. / 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds 
for general corporate purposes] 
Verwendung der Erlöse22 
[Einfügen 
und 
anpassen 
bzw. 
vervollständigen 
wie 
zutreffend: 
Ein 
Betrag, 
der 
den 
Nettoerlösen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht, wird 
verwendet, um Geeignete Grüne Projekte

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
23  If the CFI is not required, requested or available, it should be specified to be "Not applicable". 
 
Soweit eine CFI nicht erforderlich, nicht angefordert oder nicht verfügbar ist, sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. 
24  If the FISN is not required, requested or available, it should be specified to be "Not applicable". 
Soweit eine FISN nicht erforderlich, nicht angefordert oder nicht verfügbar ist, sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. 
25  Complete e.g. if the Notes are issued in NGN form and to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper. 
 
z.B. auszufüllen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in NGN-Form begeben werden und von einem ICSD als common safekeeper gehalten 
werden sollen. 
26  Only applicable for Notes in NGN form. Select "Yes" if the Notes are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper. Select 
"No" if the Notes are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper. 
Nur bei Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN anwendbar. "Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen von einem ICSD als 
common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen vom common service provider als common 
safekeeper gehalten werden sollen. 
wie im Grünen Finanzierungsrahmen Mai 
2021 definiert, zu finanzieren. / 
Die 
Emittentin 
beabsichtigt 
die 
Nettoemissionserlöse 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
allgemeinen Unternehmensfinanzierung zu 
verwenden.] 
Estimated net proceeds 
[●] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erlöse 
[●] 
2. 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES 
TO BE OFFERED/ADMITTED TO TRADING 
 
INFORMATIONEN ÜBER DIE ANZUBIETENDEN 
BZW. 
ZUM 
HANDEL 
ZUZULASSENDEN 
WERTPAPIERE 
 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
Common Code 
[●] 
Common Code 
[●] 
ISIN 
[●] 
ISIN 
[●] 
German Securities Code 
[●] 
Deutsche Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
[●] 
Classification of Financial Instrument Code (CFI)23 
[●] 
Klassifizierungscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI-Code)23 
[●] 
Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN)24 
[●] 
Emittenten- und Instrumenten-Kurzname (FISN)24 
[●] 
Any other securities number 
[●] 
Sonstige Wertpapiernummer 
[●] 
Eurosystem eligibility25 
 
EZB-Fähigkeit25 
 
□ Intended to be held in a manner which would allow  Eurosystem 
eligibility (NGN)26 
[Yes/No] 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (NGN)26 
[Ja/Nein] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] /

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
27  Select if the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
Wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt verwahrt werden müssen. 
28  Select if the Notes are in CGN form. 
Wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben werden. 
29  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte sind, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
30  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte sind, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
31  Only applicable for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Gilt nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen. 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
[Ja. Es ist zu beachten, dass die Bestimmung "Ja" lediglich bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach Begebung 
bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt werden. "Ja" bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intra day credit operations) des Eurosystem entweder nach Begebung oder zu einem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird von der Entscheidung der EZB abhängen, 
dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.] 
[Nein. Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich 
die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein werden 
diese einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen können dann bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer 
hinterlegt werden. Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass dies nicht notwendigerweise bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intra day credit operations) des Eurosystem entweder nach Begebung oder zu einem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird von der Entscheidung der EZB abhängen, 
dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.] 
□ Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility (CBF)27 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (CBF)27 
[Note that the ticked box means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt and that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass das Häkchen in dem Kästchen bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach 
ihrer Begebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt verwahrt werden und das dies nicht notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Begebung, zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit oder 
während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit als EZB-fähige Sicherheiten anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt 
davon ab, ob die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
□ Not applicable (CGN)28 
Nicht anwendbar (CGN)28 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors29 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im EWR29 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors30 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger in UK30 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Yield31 
[●] 
Rendite31 
[●]

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
3. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
[Yes][No] 
 
BÖRSENZULASSUNG UND NOTIERUNGSAUFNAHME 
[Ja][Nein] 
□ Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
□ regulated market 
 
geregelter Markt 
 
□ Euro MTF 
 
Euro MTF 
 
□ Other stock exchanges 
[Specify stock exchange] 
Andere Börsen 
[Börse einfügen] 
Date of admission 
[●] 
Termin der Zulassung 
[●] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading 
[●] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
[●] 
□ Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
□ Other stock exchange 
[Specify stock exchange] 
Andere Börsen 
[Börse einfügen] 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm commitment to act 
as intermediaries in secondary trading, providing liquidity through bid 
and offer rates and description of the main terms of their commitment 
[Not applicable][specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen Zusage als 
Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind, um Liquidität mittels 
Geld- und Briefkursen zur Verfügung zu stellen, und Beschreibung der 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusage 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
32  Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 13 of the Conditions. 
 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 13 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt. 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification of 
the organisation representing the investors and provisions applying to 
such representation. Indication of where the public may have access to 
the contracts governing these forms of representation32 
[Not applicable][specify details] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die Anleger 
vertretenden Organisation und der auf die Vertretung anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen. Angabe des Ortes, an dem die Öffentlichkeit die 
Verträge einsehen kann, die diese Vertretung regeln32 
[Nicht anwendbar][Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Stabilisation Dealer(s)/Manager(s) 
[None][specify details] 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Dealer/Manager 
[Keiner][Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method of distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
□ Non-syndicated 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
□ Syndicated 
 
Syndiziert

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
4. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
 
Statement of the capacity in which the advisers have acted that are 
connected with an issue mentioned in the Prospectus  
[Not applicable] [●] 
Erklärung zu der Funktion der an einer Emission beteiligten 
Berater, die in dem Prospekt genannt werden, gehandelt haben 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] 
Rating33 
[Not applicable] [●] 
Rating33 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
[Moody's: [●]] 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
[This credit rating has / These credit ratings have] been issued by 
[insert full name of legal entity which has given the rating] which [is 
not established in the European Union but a European Union affiliate 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2011 and by 
Regulation (EC) No. 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 21 May 2013, indicating an intention to endorse its ratings, 
although notification of the corresponding registration decision 
(including its ability to endorse [●] ratings) has not yet been provided 
by the relevant competent authority.] [is established in the European 
Union and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation 
(EC) No. 513/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
11 March 2011 and by Regulation (EC) No. 462/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 21 May 2013, although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the relevant competent authority.] [[is][is not] established in the 
European Union and [is][is not] registered [(pursuant to the list of 
registered and certified credit rating agencies published on the website 
of 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs))] under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2011 and by Regulation 
(EC) No. 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
21 May 2013.]] 
 
[Die zu begebenden Schuldverschreibungen wurden von: 
 
[Moody's: [●]] 
 
[[Andere]: [●]] 
 
geratet. 
 
 
33  If the Notes are rated on an individual basis, insert. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has been previously 
published by the rating provider. 
 
Wenn ein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, dieses angeben. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung der Ratings einfügen, 
wenn diese unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurden.

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
[Dieses Rating wurde][Diese Ratings wurden] von [vollständigen 
Namen der juristischen Person, die das Rating abgibt, einfügen] 
abgegeben. [vollständigen Namen der juristischen Person, die das 
Rating abgibt einfügen][hat [ihren][seinen] Sitz nicht in der 
Europäischen Union, aber eine europäische Tochtergesellschaft hat 
die Registrierung gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über 
Ratingagenturen, geändert durch Verordnung (EG) Nr. 513/2011 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 11. März 2011 und durch 
die Verordnung (EG) Nr. 462/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments und 
des Rates vom 21. Mai 2013, beantragt und die Absicht angezeigt, 
Ratings 
abzugeben, 
obwohl 
die 
entsprechende 
Registrierungsentscheidung (einschließlich der Entscheidung über die 
Nutzung von Ratings, die von [●] abgegeben wurden) durch die 
zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde noch nicht zugestellt wurde.] [hat 
[ihren][seinen] Sitz [in der Europäischen Union und die Registrierung 
gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über 
Ratingagenturen, geändert durch Verordnung (EG) Nr. 513/2011 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 11. März 2011 und durch 
die Verordnung (EG) Nr. 462/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments und 
des Rates vom 21. Mai 2013, beantragt, wenngleich die 
Registrierungsentscheidung der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde noch 
nicht zugestellt worden ist.] [[nicht] in der Europäischen Union und 
[ist / ist nicht] [(gemäß der Liste der registrierten und zertifizierten 
Kreditratingagenturen, veröffentlicht auf der Internetseite der 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs))] gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über 
Ratingagenturen, geändert durch Verordnung (EG) Nr. 513/2011 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 11. März 2011 und durch 
die Verordnung (EG) Nr. 462/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments und 
des Rates vom 21. Mai 2013 registriert.]]] 
 
Third Party Information 
Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
[With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms 
that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted, the omission of which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such 
information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. ] [Not applicable] 
[Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: 
(i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und dass – soweit es der 
Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten veröffentlichten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine 
Tatsachen unterschlagen wurden, die die wiedergegebenen Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten 
würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung 
für ihre Richtigkeit.] [Nicht anwendbar] 
EWE Aktiengesellschaft 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin) 
[Name & title of signatories] 
[Name und Titel der Unterzeichnenden]

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER  
1. 
STATUTORY AUDITOR 
Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Stuttgart, Hannover office, Landschaftstraße 8, 30159 
Hannover, (hereinafter referred to as "EY"), was appointed as the statutory auditor of EWE AG for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, respectively. EY has audited in accordance with section 317 of the 
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – "HGB") and German generally accepted standards for financial 
statement audits promulgated by the Institute of Public Auditors in Germany (IDW) the consolidated financial statements 
of EWE AG as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, prepared in accordance 
with IFRS, and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to section 315e (1) HGB, and has issued 
unqualified independent auditor's reports (uneingeschränkte Bestätigungsvermerke des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) 
in each case. EY is a member of the Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Rauchstrasse 26, 10787 
Berlin, Germany. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Domshof 18-20, 28195 Bremen, Germany 
(hereinafter referred to as "PwC"), was elected as the statutory auditor of EWE AG for the financial year ending 
31 December 2022. PwC issued a German language review report (Bescheinigung nach prüferischer Durchsicht) in 
accordance with section 115 para. 5 of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz – "WpHG") and 
German generally accepted standards for the review of financial statement promulgated by the Institute of Public 
Auditors in Germany (IDW) on the unaudited German language condensed consolidated interim financial statements of 
EWE as of and for the sixth-month period ended 30 June 2022, prepared in accordance with the IFRS applicable to 
interim financial reporting (IAS 34). PwC is a member of the Chamber of Public Accountants 
(Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Rauchstrasse 26, 10787 Berlin, Germany. 
2. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following table presents selected financial information of the EWE Group as of and for the financial years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 taken from the audited consolidated financial statements of EWE AG as of 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (including the prior-year comparative figures for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020), prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of German Commercial 
law pursuant to section 315e (1) of the HGB, as well as selected financial information of the EWE Group as of and for 
the six-month periods ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 taken from the unaudited condensed consolidated interim 
financial statements of EWE AG as of and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022, prepared in accordance with 
IFRS applicable to interim financial reporting (IAS 34). 
Where financial information is labelled as "audited", this means that it has been taken from the above mentioned audited 
consolidated financial statements of EWE AG. Financial information labelled as "unaudited" has been taken from the 
above mentioned unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of EWE AG or from EWE AG's 
accounting records.

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
In € million 
Period from 
1 January 2022 
– 30 June 2022 
(unaudited) 
Period from 
1 January 2021 
– 30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
Financial year 
ended 
31 December 
2021 (audited) 
Financial year 
ended 
31 December 
2020 (audited) 
Revenue (excluding electricity and 
energy taxes) 
3,980.5 
3,036.32 
6,119.8 
5,642.6 
EBIT (earnings before interest and 
taxes) 
1,114.7 
429.12 
896.2 
525.1 
Operating EBIT4  
136.7 
286.52 
354.7 
442.0 
Profit/Loss for the period 
712.4 
286.32 
597.5 
293.9 
Cash flow from operating activities 
2,011.2 
832.83 
1,013.2 
608.61 
Cash flow from investing activities  
-273.8 
-621.33 
-1,064.2 
-552.4 
In € million 
As of  
30 June 2022 
(unaudited) 
As of 
31 December 2021 
(audited) 
As of 
31 December 2020 
(audited) 
Total assets 
26,332.9 
19,410.4 
10,129.3 
Equity  
6,041.3 
4,715.1 
2,839.3 
1  
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and bank balances as well as, since fiscal year 2021, credit balances related to trades. 
The prior-year comparative figure for the cash flow from operating activities as well as the prior-year comparative figure for cash and 
cash equivalents at the end of the period were adjusted accordingly in the consolidated financial statements of EWE AG as of and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
2  
The prior-period comparative figures were restated in the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of EWE AG 
as of and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022 due to the finalisation of the ALTERRIC business combination. 
3  
The prior-period comparative figures for cash flow from operating activities and cash flow from investing activities are restated in the 
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of EWE AG as of and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022 
due to the finalisation of the ALTERRIC business combination and a change in presentation of receivables from clearing activities.  
4  
Operating EBIT reconciles to EBIT as follows: 
 
In € million 
Period from 
1 January 2022 – 
30 June 2022 
(unaudited) 
Period from 
1 January 2021 – 
30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
Financial year 
ended 
31 December 2021 
(audited) 
Financial year 
ended 
31 December 2020 
(audited) 
Operating EBIT 
136.7 
286.52 
354.7 
442.0 
Derivatives  
2,238.6 
166.12 
1,027.9 
77.0 
Onerous sales contracts with 
matching derivative purchase 
transactions 
-1,173.2 
- 
-493.1 
- 
Fair value measurement of other 
financial instruments 
-50.2 
-25.42 
0.7 
1.3 
Reversals of impairments 
- 
- 
21.9 
8.8 
Impairments 
-56.7 
- 
-16.4 
-11.2 
Equity investments 
5.0 
-0.1 
-1.8 
-11.6 
Restructuring 
0.3 
-0.2 
-0.8 
0.1 
Transaction costs/treasury shares 
- 
- 
- 
0.2 
Subsequent proceeds from the 
sale of a financial asset 
previously accounted for using 
the equity method 
14.2 
- 
- 
- 
Decommissioning of production 
plants 
- 
2.2 
3.1 
18.5

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
In € million 
Period from 
1 January 2022 – 
30 June 2022 
(unaudited) 
Period from 
1 January 2021 – 
30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
Financial year 
ended 
31 December 2021 
(audited) 
Financial year 
ended 
31 December 2020 
(audited) 
EBIT 
1,114.7 
429.12 
896.2 
525.1 
The ability of the EWE Group's normal business operations to generate earnings over the long term is of particular importance 
to both internal governance as well as the external communication of the current and future development of the EWE Group's 
earnings. Operating EBIT is an adjusted earnings measure which is used as a key performance indicator (alternative performance 
measure) to track and manage operative earnings performance. To calculate operating EBIT, EBIT is adjusted for special items 
such as derivatives, onerous sales contracts with matching derivative purchase transactions, fair value measurement of other 
financial instruments, reversals of impairments, impairments and special items resulting from equity investments, restructuring, 
transaction costs/treasury shares, subsequent proceeds from the sale of a financial asset previously accounted for using the equity 
method and decommissioning of production plants. 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
A. INCORPORATION, REGISTRATION, REGISTERED OFFICE 
EWE AG was created by the merger of two electricity utilities in November 1930, WESAG, established in 1929 by the 
City of Leer and Preussische Elektrizitäts Aktiengesellschaft, and OLDAG, established in May 1930 by the City of 
Oldenburg and Preussische Elektrizitäts Aktiengesellschaft, to form Stromversorgungs-AG Oldenburg Ostfriesland 
(STROSAG). A number of acquisitions of mostly local government-owned electricity utilities and regional supply 
associations and the subsequent merger with Landeselektrizitätsverband Oldenburg (LEV) in 24 March 1943 led to the 
creation of Energieversorgung Weser-Ems Aktiengesellschaft, whose name was changed in 1992 to EWE 
Aktiengesellschaft. EWE AG is a joint stock company (Aktiengesellschaft) and is organised under the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany for an indefinite period of time. EWE AG's registered offices are at Tirpitzstraße 39 in 
26122 Oldenburg, Germany (Tel.: +49 441 4805-0). The Issuer is registered in the Commercial Register of the local 
court (Amtsgericht) of Oldenburg under the number HRB 33. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 529900L64X6KZZW19R71 
EWE's website can be accessed under www.ewe.com. The content on this website is for information purposes only and 
does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
B. OBJECTS 
EWE AG is the EWE Group's holding company. 
Pursuant to section 2 para. 1 of its Articles of Association (Satzung) EWE AG's objects are to manage a group of 
companies whose business operations concentrate on the following activities:  
- 
production, procurement, storage, distribution and trading of and with energy as well as emissions certificates, 
water procurement, water supply, water and sewage treatment, waste disposal and recycling as well as trading 
and services in the areas of telecommunications and IT; 
- 
the establishment, purchase and operation of facilities and systems for the above purposes and for 
telecommunications, IT, entertainment technology and transport; 
- 
the promotion of energy efficiency and sustainability, development and expansion of energy supply, energy-
saving and renewable energy technologies; 
- 
research and development and service provision in the aforementioned areas. 
Section 2 para. 2 of EWE's Articles of Association allows EWE AG to do business in the aforementioned areas by itself. 
EWE mainly operates in the Ems-Weser-Elbe region of Germany as well as in Lower Saxony and Bremen and its gas 
operations extend to Eastern Germany and Poland. Electricity and gas are predominantly purchased from third parties. 
C. CAPITAL STOCK 
The subscribed capital of EWE AG amounts to € 242,988,000 and is composed of 242,988 registered shares of € 1,000 
each and is fully paid up. All shares carry the same rights and obligations. One vote is granted per share, and profit is 
distributed per share. The rights and obligations arising from the shares are governed by the German Stock Corporation 
Act (Aktiengesetz).

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
D. INVESTMENTS & INVESTMENT POLICY 
The nature of EWE Group's business requires high investment intensity and a corresponding high level of capital 
commitment. 
Capital expenditure is calculated as cash paid for investments in intangible assets, in property, plant and equipment, in 
other non-current assets and in shares of fully consolidated companies. 
EWE Group plans to finance the investments from operating cash-flows, existing liquidity and external financing. 
Capital expenditure of the EWE Group 
In € million 
Period from 
1 January 2022 – 
30 June 2022 
(unaudited) 
Period from 
1 January 2021 – 
30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
Financial year ended 
31 December 2021 
(audited) 
Financial year ended 
31 December 2020 
(audited) 
Cash paid for 
investments in 
 
 
 
 
Intangible assets 
17.2 
31.81 
73.5 
47.7 
Property, plant and 
equipment 
195.8 
195.01 
542.3 
524.4 
Other non-current 
assets 
108.4 
42.71 
138.0 
62.5 
Shares of fully 
consolidated 
companies 
- 
402.71 
418.1 
22.1 
Capital expenditure 
321.4 
672.2 
1,171.9 
656.7 
1  
The prior-period comparative figures for cash paid for investments in intangible assets, cash paid for investments in property, plant and 
equipment, cash paid for investments in other non-current assets and cash paid in investments in shares of fully consolidated companies 
are restated in the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of EWE AG as of and for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2022 due to the finalisation of the ALTERRIC business combination. 
While operating EBIT is used to manage operative earnings performance, capital expenditure is a key performance indicator (alternative 
performance measure) for generating and managing future cash needs and liquidity. As a result, operating EBIT and capital expenditures reflect 
the group's key performance indicators (alternative performance measure) in particular in the exchange between the executive board and those 
responsible for the operational control units, the core parameters of the plan agreement process as well as the review of the achievement of the 
planned targets. 
E. BORROWING AND FUNDING STRUCTURE 
On 21 February 2022, EWE AG put in place an additional revolving credit facility in the amount of € 1.5 billion, 
maturing in April 2023. In addition, EWE AG renegotiated the existing € 750 million revolving credit facility. The 
revolving credit facility has an initial term of 5 years and was agreed on 28 June 2022. In principle, external financing 
is centralised on EWE Group level. Exceptions to this principle might arise due to specific business needs, e.g. in case 
of promotional loans (Förderdarlehen) or in the context of joint ventures as it is the case for ALTERRIC. 
F. DESCRIPTION OF THE EXPECTED FINANCING OF EWE AG'S ACTIVITIES 
Financing requirements arising from the ordinary course of business will generally be covered by cash inflows from 
operating activities and available liquidity. Any upcoming maturities of capital market debt may either be repaid from 
existing liquidity or refinanced by the issuance of new capital market instruments or other financing sources like e.g.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
promissory note loans, registered bonds or bank loans. In addition, EWE AG uses bilateral and revolving credit lines to 
bridge temporary liquidity needs. 
4. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
A. OVERVIEW 
The EWE Group is an energy group with core activities in the fields of energy, telecommunications and information 
technology ("IT"). In the first half year 2022, the EWE Group employed an average of 9,992 employees 
(9,575 employees as of 31 December 2021). 
Renewable Energies 
segment
Infrastructure 
segment
Market segment
swb segment
Other segment
EWE Aktiengesellschaft, Oldenburg
100%
swb AG, 
Bremen
95.88%
EWE NETZ GmbH, 
Oldenburg
100%
EWE TRADING GmbH, 
Bremen
100%
EWE VERTRIEB 
GmbH, Oldenburg
100%
EWE GASSPEICHER 
GmbH, Oldenburg
99%
wesernetz Bremen 
GmbH, Bremen
100%
Alterric IPP GmbH, 
Aurich
100%
EWE TEL GmbH,
Oldenburg
100%
BTC Business Technology 
Consulting AG, 
Oldenburg
100%
EWE Polska Sp. z o.o., 
Poznan, Poland
100%
swb Vertrieb Bremen 
GmbH, Bremen
100%
Offshore-Windpark 
RIFFGAT GmbH, 
Oldenburg
100%
swb Erzeugung AG & 
Co. KG, Bremen
100%
EWE energia Sp. z o.o., 
Miedzyrzecz, Poland
50%
Alterric GmbH,
Aurich
 
The organisational chart shows EWE Group's main subsidiaries based on total assets per segment, directly or indirectly 
held by EWE Aktiengesellschaft 
B. PRINCIPAL MARKETS 
EWE operates energy grids, is active in power generation and storage with a focus on renewable energies and taps the 
joint potential of energy, telecommunications and IT. 
C. THE BUSINESS AREAS OF EWE  
Renewable Energies segment 
In the renewable energies area, EWE plans, builds and operates wind farms to generate renewable power, often under 
investment and partner models. EWE also operates offshore wind farms. Generation capacities (including EWE's share 
in capacities from investments accounted for using the equity method) amount to 2,509.2 megawatts as of 30 June 2022 
(31 December 2021: 2,514.0 megawatts). As of 26 March 2021, the joint venture ALTERRIC, along with its subsidiaries 
("ALTERRIC Group") was included in the consolidated financial statement of EWE for the first time. 
Description of ALTERRIC Group 
EWE and the Aloys Wobben Stiftung in Aurich ("AWS"), the sole shareholder of the wind turbine manufacturer 
Enercon, merged their existing wind farms and onshore projects to the new joint venture ALTERRIC. 
Having met the conditions for execution, including approval by the competent antitrust authorities, on 26 March 2021 
(execution date), the joint venture commenced its activities. EWE and AWS each hold 50.0 per cent. of the shares in 
ALTERRIC. EWE contributed assets with a capacity of around 370 megawatts and a cash consideration to the joint 
venture. EWE has the managerial lead. Therefore, ALTERRIC is fully consolidated in EWE's accounts.  
The aim of this merger is to expand onshore wind energy in the coming years and thereby to become a leading generator 
of green electricity. When ALTERRIC was launched, it had around 2,200 megawatts of installed capacity.

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
As of 30 June 2022, ALTERRIC Group had around 2,300 megawatts of installed capacity. About 90 per cent. of the 
existing wind farms are located in Germany, 5 per cent. in France and 5 per cent. in other European countries. The 
majority of the wind parks operate under the existing support regime pursuant to the Renewable Energy Act 
(Erneuerbare-Energien-Gesetz – EEG) with a maturity of over five years. Since ALTERRIC Group receives a 
guaranteed minimum amount according to the EEG-regime, these assets provide relatively predictable cash flows but 
participate from higher electricity prices on the spot market. These cash flows are, however, subject to wind resource 
availability, operating risks and technical losses. 
ALTERRIC Group aims to achieve a total installed capacity of around five gigawatts by 2030. Around two-thirds of the 
pipeline projects are located in Germany and one-third in the rest of Europe, mostly in France. Around 90 per cent. of 
the projects are own developments. Supportive political framework conditions are required to achieve this objective. 
The following tables present unaudited selected consolidated financial information of the ALTERRIC Group as of 
31 December 2021 and for the period from 26 March 2021 to 31 December 2021 and as of and for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2022 after consolidation effects including purchase price allocation as part of the consolidated financial 
statements of EWE AG taken from EWE AG's accounting records. 
As EWE has managerial lead and therefore controls ALTERRIC Group, it is fully consolidated for IFRS purposes in the 
consolidated financial statements of EWE AG. However, according to EWE's share in ALTERRIC Group non-
controlling interests in the amount of 50.0 per cent. exist. Also, the unaudited selected consolidated financial information 
does not represent (a) consolidated financial information of ALTERRIC Group on a standalone basis nor (b) Renewable 
Energies segment information as presented in EWE Group's segment reporting. 
In € million 
Period from 
1 January 2022 – 
30 June 2022 
(unaudited) 
Period from 
26 March 2021 – 
31 December 2021 
(unaudited) 
Revenue (excluding electricity and energy taxes) 
228.9 
194.3 
Amortization and depreciation (excluding impairment) 
89.6 
135.4 
EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) 
10.0 
-40.5 
Operating EBIT1  
58.0 
-30.3 
In € million 
As of 30 June 2022 
(unaudited) 
As of 31 December 2021 
(unaudited) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
301.4 
299.5 
Securities 
- 
- 
Liabilities to banks 
766.9 
845.5 
Bonds 
- 
- 
1 
Operating EBIT reconciles to EBIT as follows: 
 
In € million 
Period from 
1 January 2022 – 
30 June 2022 
(unaudited) 
Period from 26 
March 2021 – 31 
December 2021 
(unaudited) 
Operating EBIT 
58.0 
-30.3 
Derivatives  
0.2 
-3.1 
Onerous sales contracts with 
matching derivative purchase 
transactions 
- 
- 
Fair value measurement of other 
financial instruments 
- 
-0.1 
Reversals of impairments 
- 
5.4 
Impairments 
-55.2 
-12.4

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
In € million 
Period from 
1 January 2022 – 
30 June 2022 
(unaudited) 
Period from 26 
March 2021 – 31 
December 2021 
(unaudited) 
Equity investments 
6.9 
-0.1 
Restructuring 
0 
0 
Transaction costs/treasury shares 
- 
- 
Subsequent proceeds from the 
sale of a financial asset 
previously accounted for using 
the equity method 
- 
- 
Decommissioning of production 
plants 
- 
- 
EBIT 
10.0 
-40.5 
The ability of ALTERRIC Group's normal business operations within the EWE Group to generate earnings over the long term 
is of particular importance to both internal governance as well as the external communication of the current and future 
development of ALTERRIC Group's earnings. Operating EBIT is an adjusted earnings measure which is used as a key 
performance indicator (alternative performance measure) to track and manage operative earnings performance. To calculate 
operating EBIT, EBIT is adjusted for special items such as derivatives, onerous sales contracts with matching derivative purchase 
transactions, fair value measurement of other financial instruments, reversals of impairments, impairments and special items 
resulting from equity investments, restructuring, transaction costs/treasury shares, subsequent proceeds from the sale of a 
financial asset previously accounted for using the equity method and decommissioning of production plants. 
The owners EWE and AWS agreed that ALTERRIC operates independently and is not integrated into the organisational 
structures of its shareholders. 
ALTERRIC Group's funding arrangements for new investments are therefore planned to be concluded without any 
financial involvement of its shareholders and without recourse to the shareholders. In August 2021, ALTERRIC 
established a € 200 million syndicated revolving credit facility for general corporate purposes maturing in August 2024. 
The planned expansion of ALTERRIC Group's wind portfolio implies substantial investments and is planned to be 
funded largely with project financing, as it is currently the case. Accordingly, current and future debt at the project 
vehicles is structurally senior to debt at EWE level. In view of the nature of the joint venture funding arrangements, 
ALTERRIC Group plans to use retained net profit to finance the equity stakes of new investments. 
Infrastructure segment 
In the grids business area, EWE operates power grids and natural gas networks in the Ems-Weser-Elbe region of 
Germany as well as natural gas networks in Brandenburg, on the island of Rügen and in North Western Pomerania with 
a grid length totaling 141.8 thousand kilometers in the financial year 2021 (financial year 2020: 141.0 thousand 
kilometers). EWE's distribution grids are among the safest in Europe: compared with power outages of an average of 
11 minutes per customer in Germany in 2020, outages at the EWE Group averaged just under 6 minutes in 2021. 
Furthermore, EWE operates a wide telecommunications network of 57.7 thousand kilometers in the financial year 2021 
(financial year 2020: 54.2 thousand kilometers). EWE is continuously striving to expand broadband access in the rural 
areas of northwestern Germany. 
In the gas storage business area, EWE constructs, acquires and operates systems to store as well as injects and withdraws 
gaseous and liquid fuels, such as high-pressure natural gas, hydrogen, liquefied petroleum gas and compressed air, and 
provides all corresponding services. In this business area, EWE operates a total of 37 underground chambers in locations 
throughout northern Germany, such as in Rüdersdorf near Berlin, and sells storage capacity to internal and external 
customers. With a total storage capacity of 2.0 billion cubic meters, EWE is one of the largest operators of gas storage 
chambers in the German-European natural gas market. 
Market segment 
The energy and telecommunications business area combines the sale of energy and telecommunications products. The 
focus of telecommunications sales lies primarily in northwestern Germany, parts of Brandenburg, on the island of Rügen 
and the region of East Westphalia-Lippe. EWE supports commercial customers nationwide. Through the establishment 
of additional business activities, such as power storage, contracting solutions, e-mobility and energy audits, EWE is

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
currently transitioning into a service provider which – in addition to the conventional products of power, gas, heat and 
telecommunications – can provide customer-specific services and solutions, thereby creating new business opportunities. 
The trading business area encompasses a variety of services related to procurement and sales of power and gas. 
Furthermore, the trading business area is intended to optimise the entire energy portfolio of the EWE Group and offers 
its customers and partners a broad range of portfolio and balancing group management services. The trading business 
area also supports operators of wind and solar farms nationwide in directly marketing their electricity. Moreover, the 
trading business area serves to provide market access to EWE Group's sales and generation activities. 
swb segment 
This segment essentially encompasses EWE's business activities in the cities of Bremen and Bremerhaven. swb and its 
subsidiaries are active in the fields of power, natural gas, heating and telecommunications. Furthermore, EWE operates 
several drinking water networks and is involved in the waste water business. EWE purified 16.8 million cubic meters of 
water in the financial year 2021 (financial year 2020: 16.7 million cubic meters). This segment also encompasses the 
continuously shrinking Conventional Generation and Disposal business unit which is contained exclusively within the 
swb segment.  
Other segment 
The Information Technology business area includes IT consulting services with an integrated approach, particularly for 
the energy and telecommunications industries, the public sector, industrial companies and service providers. EWE's key 
areas of expertise lie in consulting, system integration, and applications and system management. In this context, EWE 
places a focus on energy-related software products. 
EWE is also working on numerous innovations currently at varying degrees of maturity to develop a portfolio of new 
business models with a sharp digital focus and is penetrating new target groups and markets with additional offerings. 
These activities pertain to areas such as mobility, distributed generation and storage, and data-driven business models in 
the platform economy. They are rounded off with investments in start-ups, from which both sides derive mutual strength 
thanks to close cooperation. 
In addition, EWE's international activities in Poland, that is the distribution and sale of natural gas, are a key component 
of its business activities in the Other segment. 
Group Central Division 
EWE AG manages the EWE Group as its holding company. Its duties lie in the strategic and cross-market development 
of the business areas as well as strategic planning and ensuring EWE Group's financing and supervising ALTERRIC's 
financing activities. In addition, EWE AG performs centralised corporate services for EWE Group's companies. 
5. 
STRATEGY 
Group strategy  
EWE has built its business on the sectors of energy, telecommunications and information technology. EWE aims to 
enhance the Group's business in connection with the energy transition and digitalisation by developing new markets and 
technologies through partnerships and joint ventures. 
EWE concentrates on six areas of action: customer focus, infrastructural service obligation, energy transition and energy 
supply systems, smart data, performance and cost leadership, and corporate culture.  
EWE's net zero strategy 
In accordance with EWE's articles of association, climate-friendly supply and promoting sustainability are fundamental 
components of EWE's strategic focus. In its key role as an energy service provider, EWE supports the significant 
reduction of CO2 emissions created by the energy industry and the related sectors of transport and buildings. EWE 
established a Group-wide greenhouse gas inventory based on the international standards of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol 
(GHG) and developed a corresponding climate strategy. Green hydrogen is also an important element of the EWE 
Group's net zero strategy. 
EWE aims to reach climate neutrality in its direct sphere of influence (Scope 1 and 2) by 2035, compared to 2018 as the 
baseline year. EWE will also be taking responsibility for emissions at the upstream and downstream stages of the value 
chain which it cannot control directly (Scope 3). EWE aims to make 50 per cent. of its purchasing volume climate-

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
neutral in the upstream value chain. In the downstream value chain, EWE's objective is to reduce 65 per cent. of the 
emissions caused by its products and services at the level of its customers.  
Renewable Energies Segment 
The energy transition refers to the shift away from electricity generation harmful to the environment towards a clean, 
sustainable energy supply. In order to effectively support the energy transition and further reduce the energy sector's 
CO2 footprint, EWE is systematically expanding the share of electricity that it generates from renewable energy sources. 
Specifically, EWE is focusing its activities on expanding the use of onshore wind energy. In April 2021, EWE established 
the joint venture ALTERRIC together with the Aloys Wobben Foundation. ALTERRIC is responsible for developing 
and operating future wind farm projects. 
Infrastructure Segment 
EWE plans, builds and operates a sustainable infrastructure for electricity, gas, water and telecommunications together 
with its partners in order to better support EWE's customers. Power grids with intelligent control technology 
– also known as smart grids – are part of this transition. Further developing grids e.g. by adding smartness and ensuring 
green access readiness in power distribution is under development, while fossil fuel distribution for the heating sector 
will see significant changes over the next two decades based on political decisions, that are already implemented in 
planning based on the corporate gas strategy. Due to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, electricity-based solutions, e.g. for 
heating and driving-mobility, are expected to grow faster than expected. Increases in efficiency, e.g. through renovations 
in the building sector, can hardly stop this trend. A fuel switch from natural gas to electricity is to be expected and will 
result in higher electricity consumption as well as the acceleration of power grid expansion. 
Hydrogen is a long-term storage medium for renewable energies. Two levers boosting the energy revolution are the 
ability to use surplus electricity produced from renewable energies and the increasing climate-friendliness of industry 
and transport. Hydrogen is an important part of the Group's growth strategy and provides the basis for future market 
potential and new opportunities to create added value. In Rüdersdorf, near Berlin, EWE GASSPEICHER continues to 
test the large-scale storage of hydrogen in underground caverns in collaboration with the German Aerospace Center 
(Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt), Cologne. Construction of a test cavern has begun. The Federal Ministry 
for Digital and Transport (Bundesministerium für Digitales und Verkehr) is providing funding under the National 
Innovation Program for Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Technology (Nationales Innovationsprogramms Wasserstoff- und 
Brennstoffzellentechnologie). 
In order to reduce dependence on Russian gas and strengthening security of supply in Germany, EWE plans to construct 
a pipeline, to connect the liquefied natural gas ("LNG") terminal in Wilhelmshaven with the gas storage facilities in the 
region and via the downstream gas networks also industrial and household customers. The Federal Network Agency 
(Bundesnetzagentur) has cleared the way for the pipeline construction by determining that the pipeline is necessary. 
Approval procedures have already been initiated. By the end of 2023, EWE plans to have completed around 
70 kilometers of new grids. The new connection is hydrogen-ready and therefore has the potential to become one of the 
main routes for green hydrogen imports. 
Market Segment 
In the Market Segment, the classic electricity utility is also evolving. EWE TEL and EWE VERTRIEB constantly 
developing new ideas on how to make our customers' lives easier and more sustainable and are developing modern 
neighborhood solutions for sustainable living. By enabling our customers to realize their personal energy transition with 
PV systems, storage units and wall boxes we recommend ourselves as a long-term partner for our customers. Traditional 
sales in the future will be based on green solutions. 
EWE also invests in charging infrastructure for climate-friendly mobility. With concepts, products and services related 
to modern e-mobility, EWE Go is active nationwide as a contributor to private and business customers as well as 
municipalities with holistic solutions. For this reason, EWE and McDonald's Germany started a cooperation to promote 
e-mobility in Germany. By 2025, more than 1,000 McDonald's restaurant locations are supposed to have charging 
stations supplied with 100 per cent. green electricity. As part of the cooperation, McDonald's and its restaurants are 
making the locations available, while EWE Go is responsible for setting up and operating the charging stations.  
Broadband expansion is becoming increasingly important due to the progressing digitalization in all areas of life. Thus, 
it is an important infrastructure obligation of EWE to supply its customers with high and high-quality bandwidths. EWE 
plans to expand the regional fiber optic network. Together with Telekom Deutschland GmbH, EWE AG established 
Glasfaser Nordwest GmbH in 2020, which has since been responsible for new autonomous developments. Over a period

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
of ten years, up to two billion euro are planned to be invested and up to 1.5 million households and company locations 
in parts of Lower Saxony, North Rhine-Westphalia and Bremen are to be provided with fiber optic infrastructure via 
Glasfaser Nordwest. EWE is also independently forging ahead with subsidised fiber-optic network expansion. This 
combined approach will allow EWE to provide an increasing number of households with very high bandwidths. 
swb Segment 
EWE has committed to ending its production of electricity from coal. Preparations for the restructuring of the generation 
landscape have been ongoing for years now. Two out of three coal-fired units – units 5 and 6 – have already been retired 
by swb. The last coal-fired unit supplies major parts of eastern Bremen with district heating and was supposed to be 
retired in 2023. However, due to current developments, particularly the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the coal-fired power 
plant in Bremen will remain connected to the grid to ensure security of supply. 
6. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
The Business Innovation department set up in 2018 was expanded as part of EWE Group restructuring as the Business 
Unit Innovation with a focus on digital business models. 
The goal of EWE's innovation activities is to actively prepare the EWE Group for the upcoming technology 
developments and changes in the energy domain. Due to the impact of the twin green and digital transition (e.g., 
Energiewende) which reflects decentralised generation structures and the wide area of distributed usage structure 
integrating digital solutions, the focus is on the solar, energy data and flexibility topics. In addition to its core task of 
being a utility company, the Business Unit Innovation drives the digital innovation strategy by developing and investing 
in digital business models. The results are incorporated into a transformation to a "digital utility". 
EWE's innovation activities are conducted by the Business Unit Innovation department and other areas within 
EWE Group. Collaborations with industry partners and scientific institutions serve to ensure the transfer of knowledge 
and the creation of efficient networks. 
7. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
A. MANAGEMENT BOARD  
The Board of Management of EWE AG consists of the following members: 
Name 
Function 
Other mandates 
Stefan Dohler 
Chief Executive Officer 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of swb AG 
• 
Chairman of Personalausschuss of swb AG 
• 
Member of the Scientific Advisory Council of OFFIS 
• 
Board Member of Institut der Norddeutschen Wirtschaft e.V. 
• 
Member of Advisory Council of Aurora Energy Research 
• 
Member of IHK Vollversammlung 
• 
Member of IHK Mitarbeit Gremium Industrie-, Energie- und 
Umweltausschuss 
• 
Member of the Federal Board of BDEW 
• 
Member of the Presidium of Weltenergierat 
• 
Board Member of Wirtschaftliche Vereinigung Oldenburg, 
Der Kleine Kreis 
• 
Member of Oldenburgische Landschaft 
Dr. Urban 
Keussen 
Chief Technical Officer 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of EWE NETZ GmbH 
• 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of BTC AG 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of GTG Gastransport 
Nord GmbH

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
Name 
Function 
Other mandates 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of ALTERRIC GmbH 
• 
Head of Limited Partner Advisory Committee of EIP Energy 
Impact Partners Energy Impact Fund SCAp 
Wolfgang 
Mücher 
Chief Financial Officer 
• 
Member of the Advisory Board of the Regional Advisory 
Council of Commerzbank AG 
• 
Member of Teilbeirat Kunden /Wirtschaft und Gesamtbeirat 
of Norddeutsche Landesbank / Nord/LB 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of swb AG 
• 
Chairman of the Finanz- & Investitionsausschuss der swb 
AG 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of EWE NETZ GmbH 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of BTC AG 
• 
Chairman of Management Board of Gesellschaft der Freunde 
und Förderer des OFFIS e.V. 
Marion 
Rövekamp 
Chief Human Resources 
Officer 
and 
Legal 
Affairs Officer 
• 
Member of the Management Board of BKK EWE 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of swb AG 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of EWE TEL GmbH 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of EWE VERTRIEB 
GmbH 
• 
Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of EWE STIFTUNG 
• 
Member of the Board of Deutsche Gesellschaft für 
Personalführung e.V. 
• 
Member of the Board of Arbeitgeberverband Oldenburg e.V. 
• 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Arbeitgebervereinigung 
energiewirtschaftlicher Unternehmen e.V. 
• 
Co-Shareholder of taxo management consulting GmbH 
B. SUPERVISORY BOARD 
The Supervisory Board of EWE AG consists of the following members: 
Name 
Function 
Other mandates 
Bernhard 
Bramlage 
Chairman 
• 
Member of the Advisory Board of AG "EMS" 
Nederland B.V. 
• 
President of the district council of District Association 
DRK, Leer 
Carsten Hahn 
First Deputy Chairman 
• 
Chairman of the General Works Council EWE AG

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
Name 
Function 
Other mandates 
Heiner 
Schönecke  
Second Deputy 
Chairman 
• 
Member of the State Parliament of Lower Saxony 
• 
Commercial Director of Ardestorfer Bioenergie GmbH 
• 
Member of the Association committee of EWE Verband 
• 
Chairman of Förderverein Kiekeberg 
• 
Member of Stiftung Kiekeberg 
• 
Board Member of Förderverein Zukunftswerkstatt 
• 
Member Stiftung Zukunftswerkstatt 
• 
Member of the board of trustees of Niedersächsische 
Bingostiftung für Umwelt und 
Entwicklungszusammenarbeit

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
Name 
Function 
Other mandates 
Johann 
Wimberg 
Third Deputy 
Chairman 
• 
Chief Administrative Officer of Cloppenburg, Cloppenburg 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board (Verwaltungsrat) and 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board's Loan Committee and 
Executive Committee of Landessparkasse zu Oldenburg, 
Oldenburg 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Wohnungsbaugesellschaft für den Landkreis Cloppenburg 
mbH 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of OBK Oldenburg 
Biokraft GmbH 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of OFK Oldenburger 
Fleischmehl GmbH 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of TKB 
Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH 
• 
Association Director Chairman of die Association 
committee and Mamber of the Association Meeting of 
Zweckverband ecopark 
• 
Association Director of Zweckverband Erholungsgebiet 
Thülsfelder Talsperre e.V. 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of c-Port Hafenbesitz 
GmbH 
• 
Member of the Association committee and General meeting 
of c-Port (Zweckverband Interkommunaler Industriepoark 
Küstenkanal) 
• 
Board Member and Member of the General meeting of 
Verbund Oldenburger Münsterland e.V. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Stiftung Kardinal von 
Galen and Stiftung St. Antoniushaus 
• 
Member of the Representative meeting of 
Gemeindeunfallversicherungsverband Oldenburg 
• 
Board Member of Stiftung Moor- und Fehnmuseum 
Elisabethfehn 
• 
Foundation Museumsdorf Cloppenburg/Niedersächsisches 
Freilichtmuseum 
Dr. Andreas 
Radmacher 
Fourth Deputy 
Chairman 
• 
Chairman of the Advisory Board of Enercast GmbH, Kassel 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Communicode AG, 
Essen 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of ALTERRIC GmbH, 
Aurich 
Christian 
Blömer 
Member 
• 
Advisory 
Council 
KommunikOS 
– 
Kommunikationsmanagement-Studierende 
am 
Campus 
Lingen e.V.

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
Name 
Function 
Other mandates 
Hennig R. 
Deters 
Member 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Gelsenwasser AG 
• 
Member of Verband Kommunaler Unternehmen (VKU) 
• 
Member of Bundesverband der Energie- und 
Wasserwirtschaft e.V. (BDEW) 
• 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Stadtwerke 
Göttingen AG 
• 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Hertenwasser GmbH 
• 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Stadtentwässerung Dresden GmbH 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Städtische Werke 
Magdeburg GmbH & Co. KG 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Wasserwerke 
Westfalen GmbH 
• 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of WMR 
Wasserbeschaffung und Energieerzeugung Mittlere Ruhr 
GmbH 
• 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of GELSEN-
NET Kommunikationsgesellschaft mbH 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Contilia GmbH 
Sigrid Flegel 
Member 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of swb AG 
Frank 
Gawrischtschuk  
Member 
• 
Chairman of the Works Council of swb Entsorgung GmbH & 
Co. KG 
• 
Chairman of the Works Council of swb Erzeugung AG & Co. 
KG 
• 
Member of swb Treuhandverein e.V. Bremen  
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of swb AG 
Lars Giegling 
Member 
– 
Aloys Kiepe  
Member 
• 
Trade Secretary at ver.di District, Emden 
• 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Stadtwerke 
Emden GmbH 
• 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Wirtschaftsbetriebe Stadt Emden GmbH 
• 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Flugplatz 
Stadt Emden GmbH 
• 
Member of Werksausschusses Abfallwirtschaft Emden 
• 
Member of Werksausschusses Abfallwirtschaft Landkreis 
Leer 
• 
Member of Werksausschusses Abfallwirtschaft Landkreis 
Emsland 
• 
Chairman Kleine-Leute-Haus zur Burg Wolthausen e.V.

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
Jürgen 
Krogmann 
Member 
• 
Mayor of the City of Oldenburg, Oldenburg 
• 
Member of the Association Meeting of EWE-Verband 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of EWE Baskets 
Oldenburg GmbH & Co. KG 
• 
Member of the Shareholders' Meeting of 
Bäderbetriebsgesellschaft Oldenburg mbH 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of GSG Oldenburg 
Bau- und Wohngesellschaft mbH  
• 
Member of the Shareholders' Meeting of GSG Oldenburg 
Bau- und Wohngesellschaft mbH 
• 
Member of the Association meeting of 
Sparkassenzweckverband 
• 
Board Member of Gemeindeunfallversicherung Oldenburg 
• 
Member of the Board of representatives 
Gemeindeunfallversicherung Oldenburg 
• 
Board Member of Klinikum Oldenburg AöR 
• 
Member of the Shareholders' Meeting of Klinik Managemet 
Oldenburg (KMO) GmbH 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Verkehr und Wasser 
GmbH (VWG), Oldenburg 
• 
Chairman of the Shareholders' Meeting of Verkehr und 
Wasser GmbH (VWG), Oldenburg 
• 
Member of the Shareholders Meeting of Weser-Ems-Halle 
Oldenburg GmbH 
• 
Member of the Shareholders Meeting of Weser-Ems-Halle 
Oldenburg Beteiligungs GmbH 
• 
Member of the Shareholders' Meeting of Oldenburger 
Tourismus und Managemet GmbH 
• 
Member of the management Committee of Oldenburgisches 
Staatstheater 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Technologie- und 
Gründerzentrum Oldenburg 
• 
Member of the Shareholders' Meeting of Technologie- und 
Gründerzentrum Oldenburg 
• 
Member of the Shareholders' Meeting of 
Tierkörperbeseitigungs-Beteiligungs GmbH 
• 
Member of the Association Committee of Zweckverband 
KDO Oldenburg 
• 
Member of the Association Meeting of Zweckverband 
Tierkörperbeseitigung 
• 
Member of the Association Meeting of Zweckverband 
Verkehrsverbund Bremen/Niedersachsen

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
Name 
Function 
Other mandates 
• 
Member of the Board of Versorgungskasse Oldenburg 
VKO 
• 
Chairman of the Shareholders' Meeting Volkshochschule 
Oldenburg gGmbH 
Jürgen Franz 
Löcke 
Member 
• 
Managing Director of the Association of Savings Banks in 
Lower Saxony, Hannover 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Ostfrisische 
Landschaftliche Brandkasse, Aurich 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Öffentliche 
Versicherungen Oldenburg, Oldenburg 
• 
Member of the Board of Trustees of Kulturstiftung der 
Öffentlichen Versicherungen Oldenburg 
• 
Member of Kassenausschuss of ZVK-Sparkassen, Emden 
• 
Managing Director of Development company of the 
Sparkassenverband Niedersachsen mbH, Hannover 
• 
Managing Director of NSL Niedersächsische Sparkassen 
Leasing VerwaltungsgesellschaftmbH, Hannover 
• 
Managing Director of Deka Anteileigner GmbH, 
Neuhardenberg 
• 
Managing Director of TLN 
Geschäftsführungsgesellschaft mbH, Hannover,  
• 
Managing Director of NBV Beteiligungs GmbH, Hannover 
Immo 
Schlepper 
Member 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Uniper SE 
Ulrike 
Schlieper 
Member 
• 
Chairwoman of Parliamentary Group in the County Council 
of the Administrative District Friesland 
Paul Schneider 
Member 
– 
Dr. Daniel Graf 
von der 
Schulenburg 
Member 
• 
Senior Managing Director and Head of Ardian 
Infrastructure Germany, Benelux and Northern Europe of 
Ardian Germany GmbH Frankfurt 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of LBC Tank Terminals 
Group Holdings Netherlands (COOP) 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Nevel Oy 
• 
Managing Director of Skip Wind 3 Management GmbH 
Vera Visser 
Member 
– 
Herbert Winkel 
Member 
• 
Chairman of the Shareholdercommittee of Hochschule für 
Wirtschaft und Technik Vechta/Diepholz (PHWT) 
• 
Member of the General Metting of AIK Oldenburger 
Krankenversicherung Vechta 
• 
Member of the Representative's Meeting of Volksbank 
Lohne-Mühlen e.G.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
Name 
Function 
Other mandates 
Ingo 
Wührmann 
Member 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of EWE VERTRIEB 
GmbH 
• 
Association Director of HOSA e.V. Oldenburg 
• 
Association Deputy Director FCG Oldenburg 
The members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board can be contacted at EWE AG's business address: 
Tirpitzstraße 39, 26122 Oldenburg (Tel.: +49 441 4805-0). 
None of the above members of the Board of Management and Supervisory Board have declared any potential conflict 
of interest between any duties to EWE AG and their private interest or other duties. 
8. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
The shareholders of EWE AG as of the date of this Prospectus are shown in the table below.  
Shareholder 
Percentage 
Weser-Ems-Energiebeteiligungen GmbH 
59 
Ems Weser Elbe Infrastruktur Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH (1) 
26 
Energieverband Elbe-Weser Beteiligungsholding GmbH 
15 
Weser-Ems-Energiebeteiligungen GmbH and Energieverband Elbe-Weser Beteiligungsholding GmbH are both 
ultimately held by 21 municipalities and districts in the German Ems-Weser-Elbe region. 
Ems Weser Elbe Infrastruktur Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH (1), Düsseldorf, is directly held by Ems Weser Elbe 
Infrastruktur Akquisitionsgesellschaft mbH (2), Düsseldorf, which is ultimately held by Ardian a private investment 
house and long-term infrastructure investor. 
9. 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The audited consolidated financial statements of EWE AG as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 
which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of German Commercial law pursuant 
to section 315e (1) HGB, and the independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) 
thereon, together contained in EWE AG's Financial Report (Finanzbericht) 2021 on pages 56 to 166 and 168 to 176, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of EWE AG as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of German Commercial law pursuant 
to section 315e (1) HGB, and the independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) 
thereon, together contained in EWE AG's Financial Report (Finanzbericht) 2020 on pages 48 to 150 and 152 to 159, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of EWE AG as of, and for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2022, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS applicable to interim reporting (IAS 34), and 
the review report (Bescheinigung nach prüferischer Durchsicht) thereon, together contained in the EWE AG's Half-year 
Financial Report (Halbjahresfinanzbericht) 2022 on pages 38 to 60 and 62, are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. 
10. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
A. EUROPE 
European Green Deal 
At the beginning of the parliamentary term 2019 to 2024, the European Commission presented the European "Green 
Deal" as a top priority. The Green Deal sets out a roadmap for key strategies and measures for making the continent 
climate-neutral by 2050. This climate neutrality target will be incorporated into all future legislative proposals, such as 
the Fit for 55 package for the energy sector that was unveiled in the second half of 2021 and the REPowerEU plan from 
May 2022. The individual initiatives associated with them have impacts on nearly all of the EWE Group's business 
activities.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
Subsidising broadband expansion 
The threshold beneath which subsidies previously applied in terms of internet speed was 30 Mbit/s. This means that 
funding procedures were only permitted for addresses with an internet speed below this threshold. With the entry into 
force of the new funding program on 26 April 2021, the threshold is 100 Mbit/s until 31 December 2022. From 2023, 
the threshold will be abolished, i.e., the German government can grant subsidies wherever there is no FTTH/B (Fiber To 
The Home/Building) or upgraded television cable (Docxis 3.1) or where a company announces its fiber-optic network 
expansion plans for the next three years in the market consultation process. In the case of the subsidised expansion of 
vectoring, the networks can apply for protection against having to reapply for funding for the period for which the funds 
have been earmarked (generally seven years). The transitional period from 2021 to 2022 does not apply to socioeconomic 
focus areas such as schools, hospitals, traffic hubs and small and medium-sized companies comprising three or more 
employees. It is becoming apparent that the priority mechanism demanded by the best part of the telecommunications 
market will not be introduced for funding after the threshold is phased out in 2023. Rather, the gigabit strategy published 
by the Federal Ministry for Digital and Transport (Bundesministerium für Digitales und Verkehr) on 13 July 2022 works 
on the assumption that that there will be a "natural prioritisation." In the event that a flood of funding procedures arises 
from 2023 that funding bodies, network planners and civil engineers struggle to cope with, the gigabit strategy reserves 
the right for the ministry to intervene with binding measures to structure the funding. In order to support a meaningful 
prioritisation of funding, the potential for commercial expansion is to be scientifically determined. According to the 
gigabit strategy, however, market consultations remain permissible even where such potential is identified. 
B. GERMANY 
EEG surcharge 2021 
As of 1 January 2022, the EEG surcharge fell to 3.723 cents per kilowatt hour. Since 2021, the promotion of renewable 
energies has been partly financed using proceeds from the CO2 pricing introduced in 2021 and from the stimulus package. 
In order to provide relief for consumers, the EEG Surcharge Relief Act (EEG-Umlage-Entlastungsgesetz) came into 
force on 28 May 2022, reducing the EEG surcharge by law to 0.00 cents/kWh as of 1 July 2022. From this date, all end 
consumers are to benefit from the reduction. From 1 January 2023, the EEG surcharge will be permanently abolished. 
Ordinance Determining Additional Provisions for Refining the Greenhouse Gas Emission Reduction Rate 
The ordinance, which came into effect on 1 January 2022, implements the quotas set forth in the Act to Refine the 
Greenhouse Gas Emission Reduction Rate (Gesetz zur Weiterentwicklung der Treibhausgasminderungsquote), which 
came into force on 1 October 2021. It sets out the crediting of biofuels and the direct use of electricity in electric cars at 
triple the rate within the quota. In the future, charging station operators like EWE can credit the electricity uplift toward 
the quota. 
Act on the Introduction of a Minimum Gas Storage Obligation 
In view of the unprecedented low levels of natural gas storage for winter 2021 / 2022 and the current geopolitical 
tensions, the federal government presented a Draft Act on the Introduction of a Minimum Gas Storage Obligation 
(Entwurf eines Gesetzes zur Einführung von Füllstandsvorgaben für Gasspeicheranlagen) at the beginning of March 
2022, which is to ensure that natural gas storage facilities are full in particular before the coming winter 2022 / 2023 
season. The purpose of the law is to avoid supply bottlenecks and price peaks. These amendments to the Energy Industry 
Act (Energiewirtschaftsgesetz– "EnWG") came into effect on 30 April 2022. At least with a view to the approaching 
end of the third quarter, it can be said that the minimum filling levels in German gas storage facilities are currently being 
reached ahead of time. This also applies to EWE's gas storage facilities. 
Energy Security Act and Backup Power Plant Standby Act 
Russia's attack on Ukraine has dramatically exacerbated what was already a difficult situation on the energy markets. 
Against this background, the German Energy Security Act (Energiesicherungsgesetz– "EnSiG") of 1974 was amended, 
with the amended version entering into force on 22 May 2022. The law authorises the German Federal government to 
take corrective action in the area of energy production, transport and distribution to secure the supply of energy should 
it be threatened. For instance, the federal government is now permitted to place any critical energy infrastructure 
company under state trusteeship if supply is at risk. In addition, the supply of gas is to be secured going forward, even 
in the event of a crisis, with the aid of a digital platform for natural gas. 
On 8 July 2022, the German Federal Council (Bundesrat), the upper house of parliament, adopted the Act to provide for 
the standby of backup power plants to reduce gas consumption in the electricity sector in the event of an imminent gas

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
shortage through amendments to the EnWG and other energy industry regulations – Backup Power Plant Standby Act 
(Ersatzkraftwerkebereithaltungsgesetz– "EKBG") for short – which contains significant changes to the EnWG in 
addition to further amendments to the EnSiG. The law entered into force in July 2022, with the exception of section 50d 
EnWG, which is subject to state aid approval by the EU Commission. The purpose of the law is to reduce the volume of 
gas used for electricity generation by taking measures such as reactivating coal-fired power plants and restricting the use 
of natural gas in power generation. The essence of the new EnSiG amendment is a new authorisation for the German 
Federal government, allowing it to issue an ordinance to introduce compensation financed by a net price adjustment 
rather than the price adjustment right previously planned. The German Federal government made use of its authority to 
issue an ordinance by issuing the Gas Price Adjustment Ordinance (Gaspreisanpassungsverordnung), which came into 
force on 9 August 2022. EWE TRADING GmbH, Oldenburg (EWE TRADING), and EWE VERTRIEB are particularly 
affected by this change. 
German Federal Rescue Package 
The German Federal Government abolished the gas levy shortly before it came into force. Instead, companies hit the 
hardest by the gas crisis, particularly gas importers, will be supported and stabilised via the now reactivated German 
Economic Stabilisation Fund (Wirtschaftsstabilisierungsfonds), which is allowed to borrow funds up to € 200 billion. 
These funds will also be used to finance a gas price brake, the design of which is still unclear. 
Gas storage surcharge 
On 18 August 2022, Trading Hub Europe GmbH, Ratingen, announced the gas storage surcharge, which will be 
0.059 cents per kWh starting from 1 October 2022. The amount of the surcharge will be reviewed regularly (every three 
months) and adjusted if necessary. The surcharge will ensure that the storage facilities continue to be filled on an ongoing 
basis even if market incentives are lacking due to high procurement costs. EWE will also pass this surcharge on to 
customers as of 1 November 2022. 
LNG Acceleration Act 
With the aim of making Germany independent from gas imports from Russia, selected docking and transport 
infrastructure for liquefied natural gas terminals will be constructed. The legislature's enactment of the LNG Acceleration 
Act (LNG-Beschleunigungsgesetz– "LNGG") allows the implementation of certain infrastructure projects to be 
expedited. The act came into force on 1 June 2022. On 14 September 2022, the Federal Cabinet (Bundeskabinett), the 
chief executive body of the German Federal government, proposed an update to the LNGG. As part of the update, the 
list of projects benefitting from the LNGG is extended and now also includes the EWE pipeline project 'Wilhelmshaven 
- Leer'. 
Ordinance on Securing the Energy Supply through Rapid Impact Measures 
On 24 August 2022, the Federal Cabinet (Bundeskabinett) adopted the Ordinance on Securing the Energy Supply through 
Rapid Impact Measures (Verordnung zur Sicherung der Energieversorgung über kurzfristig wirksame Maßnahmen), 
which contains short-term provisions for saving gas and electricity in private households, public institutions and 
companies. The ordinance requires gas and heat suppliers such as EWE to inform their customers by 30 September 2022 
about energy consumption and energy costs in the last billing period, the amount of future energy costs and the savings 
potential if room temperatures are reduced. The ordinance will apply for a limited period of six months from 1 September 
2022. 
11. 
RATING OF THE ISSUER  
Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's")34, has assigned a Baa135 (outlook stable) rating to EWE AG. 
 
34 
Moody's has been established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended from time to time (the "CRA Regulation"). A list of credit 
rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation is available for viewing at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk. 
 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity being able 
to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. 
35 
Moody's defines "Baa" as follows: "obligations rated Baa are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-grade and as 
such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification 
from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category."

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
12. 
LEGAL, ARBITRATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS  
EWE TRA – Gazprom export LLC 
Gazprom export LLC, incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation ("GAZPROM"), is one of the gas suppliers 
of EWE TRADING GmbH ("EWE TRA"). GAZPROM has not fulfilled its entire supply obligations to EWE TRA 
since the beginning of the military conflict in Ukraine. To this extent EWE TRA purchased the gas amounts at higher 
prices to fulfill its own supply obligations under procurement agreements with EWE VERTRIEB GmbH and third 
parties. There is a dispute about the damages EWE TRA could reclaim. The supply contract between EWE TRA and 
GAZPROM which is governed by and construed in accordance with German law, expires at the end of 2022. If EWE 
TRA initiates the concluded arbitration proceedings, EWE TRA may not be able to enforce damages from GAZPROM 
to a full extent or at all due to the fact GAZPROM has its registered office in St. Petersburg, Russia. 
Other than described above, there are no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, 
involving EWE AG or any of its subsidiaries (and, so far as EWE AG is aware, no such proceedings are pending or 
threatened) which may have or have had during the twelve months prior to the date of this Prospectus a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of EWE AG or its subsidiaries as a whole. 
13. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE GROUP'S FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OR FINANCIAL 
POSITION 
There has been no significant change in the Group's financial performance or financial position since 30 June 2022. 
14. 
TREND INFORMATION 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021.

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE STATE OF RESIDENCE OF A PROPSECTIVE INVESTOR OF NOTES, 
OR OF A JURISDICTION WHERE A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR OF NOTES IS SUBJECT TO TAXATION, 
AND THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN 
IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES 
ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE 
PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE 
OR LOCAL TAXES UNDER THE TAX LAWS APPLICABLE IN THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF 
GERMANY AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS.

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
Notes may be distributed by way of public or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis to professional or non-professional investors. The method of distribution of each Tranche of Notes will be stated 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more Dealers. The arrangements under which Notes 
may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement 
dated 7 October 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement 
will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes 
will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the 
Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Prospectus or any related offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the Final Terms. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(a) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II.  
United States of America (the "United States") 
(a) 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will 
not offer or sell, any Note constituting part of its allotment within the United States except in accordance 
with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer has further represented, 
warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and undertake, that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf 
have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note.

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
(b) 
From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make the 
representation set forth in Article 4 (1) (o) of the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer has (i) acknowledged, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that the Notes 
have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) represented, warranted and undertaken, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, 
that it has not offered, sold or delivered any Notes, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes, (x) as part 
of its distribution at any time or (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and closing date, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
and accordingly, (iii) further represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that neither it, its affiliates nor 
any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with 
respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) also agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have 
sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that 
purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially 
the following effect: 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U. S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of 
the commencement of the offering and the closing date, except in either case in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act." 
(c) 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that 
it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or 
delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Notes, other than Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in accordance with the 
provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), or U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"). 
In addition, where the C Rules are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche of 
Notes, Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection 
with their original issuance. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it, in 
connection with the original issuance of Notes has not offered sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or 
deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their 
original issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, in connection 
with the original issuance of Notes, that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or 
indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such Dealer or such purchaser is within the United States

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations 
thereunder, including the C Rules. 
In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and undertake, that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (y) such Dealer has not delivered and will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes that are sold during the 
restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes 
of resale, in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own 
account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering 
or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such affiliate's 
behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the purchaser of the 
Notes and the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) 
above. 
Terms used in these sub-clauses (i) through (iv) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional UK Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to admit to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes issued under the Programme may also be listed on another or further stock exchanges – or may not be 
listed on any stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by Dr. Heiko Sanders in his capacity as member of the 
Board of Management of EWE AG on 22 July 2014. The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by 
Wolfgang Mücher in his capacity as member of the Board of Management of the Issuer, dated 30 May 2022. 
Use of Proceeds 
EWE AG intends to use the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes for general corporate purposes. If in 
respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme may be used to finance and/or refinance specified Eligible Green Projects in accordance with certain 
prescribed eligibility criteria set out in the Green Finance Framework. 
Method to determine the yield 
The method to determine the yield is the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") method. The ICMA method 
determines the effective interest rate of the fixed rate Notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Clearing 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
B – 1210 Brussels), Clearstream Banking AG (Mergenthalerallee 61, D-65760 Eschborn), and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg). The appropriate common code and the International Securities 
Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and the Fiscal Agent in relation to each 
Tranche of Notes. 
Documents Available  
As long as this Prospectus remains valid, the articles of association of the Issuer will be made available on the website 
of EWE AG (www.ewe.com). 
The Green Finance Framework and the Second Party Opinion are available on the Issuer's website: 
Green 
Finance 
Framework: 
https://www.ewe.com/-/media/ewecom/downloads/investor-relations/anleihen-und-
rating/ewe-green-finance-framework-final.pdf 
Second Party Opinion: https://www.ewe.com/-/media/ewecom/downloads/investor-relations/anleihen-und-rating/ewe-
final-spo.pdf 
For the avoidance of doubt, the information on any websites this Prospectus refers to in hyperlinks does not form part 
of this Prospectus unless specified otherwise in the section "INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE" and has not been 
approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Prospectus to the 
extent set forth in the table below. 
(1) 
The audited consolidated financial statements of EWE AG as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 included in the English language Financial Report 2020 and consisting of: 
• 
Consolidated income statement of the EWE Group (page 48 in the Financial Report 2020), 
• 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income of the EWE Group (page 49 in the Financial Report 
2020), 
• 
Consolidated statement of financial position of the EWE Group (pages 50 and 51 in the Financial Report 
2020), 
• 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity of the EWE Group (pages 52 and 53 in the Financial Report 
2020), 
• 
Consolidated statement of cash flows of the EWE Group (page 54 and 55 in the Financial Report 2020), 
• 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements of EWE Aktiengesellschaft (pages 56 to 150 in the Financial 
Report 2020). 
The Independent Auditor's Report(1) included in the English language Financial Report 2020 (pages 152 to 159 
in the Financial Report 2020). 
The audited consolidated financial statements of EWE AG as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 can be found on the following website: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1084f6cda86f7f4a50a4c12e5f567a099f 
(2) 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the EWE AG as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 included in the English language Financial Report 2021 and consisting of: 
• 
Consolidated income statement of the EWE Group (page 56 in the Financial Report 2021), 
• 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income of the EWE Group (page 57 in the Financial Report 
2021), 
• 
Consolidated statement of financial position of the EWE Group (pages 58 and 59 in the Financial Report 
2021), 
• 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity of the EWE Group (page 60 and 61 in the Financial Report 
2021), 
• 
Consolidated statement of cash flows of the EWE Group (pages 62 and 63 in the Financial Report 2021), 
• 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements of EWE Aktiengesellschaft (pages 64 to 166 in the Financial 
Report 2021). 
The Independent Auditor's Report(1) included in the English language Financial Report 2021 (pages 168 to 176 
in the Financial Report 2021). 
The audited consolidated financial statements of EWE AG as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021 can be found the following website: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/109439f6e8a808475eae9a61199faeb441 
(3) 
The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of EWE AG as of and for the six-month 
period ended on 30 June 2022 included in the English language Half-year Financial Report 2022 and consisting 
of: 
• Consolidated income statement of the EWE Group (page 38 in the Half-year Financial Report 2022), 
• Consolidated statement of comprehensive income of the EWE Group (page 39 in the Half-year Financial 
Report 2022),

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
• Consolidated statement of financial position of the EWE Group (pages 40 and 41 in the Half-year Financial 
Report 2022), 
• Consolidated statement of changes in equity of the EWE Group (pages 42 and 43 in the Half-year Financial 
Report 2022), 
• Consolidated statement of cash flows of the EWE Group (pages 44 and 45 in the Half-year Financial Report 
2022), 
• Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements (pages 46 to 60 in the Half-year Financial 
Report 2022). 
The Review Report(2) included in the English language Half-year Financial Report 2022 (page 62 in the Half-
year Financial Report 2022). 
The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of EWE AG as of and for the six-month 
period ended on 30 June 2022 can be found on the following website: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/108d6e0a79eb11435b9e121d444e2afe84 
____________________________________________ 
(1) 
The independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) refers to the consolidated financial 
statements and the respective group management report, combined with the EWE AG management report as a whole and not 
solely to the consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference. 
(2) 
The review report (Bescheinigung nach prüferischer Durchsicht) refers to the condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements and the respective interim group management report as a whole and not solely to the condensed consolidated interim 
financial statements incorporated by reference. 
The English-language consolidated financial statements of EWE AG as of and for the financial years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and English language independent auditor's reports thereon mentioned above 
and incorporated by reference into this Prospectus are translations of the respective German-language consolidated 
financial statements and independent auditor's reports (Bestätigungsvermerke des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers). 
The English language condensed consolidated interim financial statements of EWE AG as of and for the six-month 
period ended 30 June 2022 and English language review report thereon mentioned above and incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus are translations of the respective German-language condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements and review report (Bescheinigung nach prüferischer Durchsicht). 
Any information not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus but contained in one of the documents mentioned as 
source documents in the cross reference list above is either not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of this 
Prospectus. 
This Prospectus, as well as any Final Terms relating to Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange as well as the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and any supplements to this Prospectus will be available for at 
least ten years from the date of this Prospectus on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 131 ---
10234903412-v22 
 
41-41037940 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
 
ISSUER 
EWE Aktiengesellschaft 
Tirpitzstraße 39 
26122 Oldenburg 
Germany 
ARRANGER 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale 
Main Tower 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52 - 58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
Clifford Chance Partnerschaft 
mit beschränkter Berufshaftung 
Junghofstraße 14 
60311 Frankfurt 
Germany

--- Page 132 ---
10234903412-v22 
 
41-41037940 
 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
(until the financial year ended 31 December 2021) 
Ernst & Young GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Stuttgart, Hannover office 
Landschaftstraße 8 
30159 Hannover 
Germany