--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated 21 July 2021 
 
 EXANE SOLUTIONS (LUXEMBOURG) SA  
(Incorporated in Luxembourg) 
(as Issuer) 
EXANE SA 
(Incorporated in France) 
(as Guarantor) 
Debt Securities Issue Programme 
Pursuant to the debt securities issue programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base 
Prospectus), Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA (the Issuer) may, in accordance with the applicable laws, regulations 
and directives, issue securities (the Securities) from time to time denominated in any currency agreed upon between the 
Issuer and the Dealer as defined hereafter, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane SA (the Guarantor). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid. This Base Prospectus has been approved on 21 July 2021 and is valid until 21 July 2022 and must 
during such period and in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 be completed by a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus in the event of any new significant facts or material errors or inaccuracies.This Base Prospectus is 
available on the website of the Issuer at www.exane.com/exaneissues.  
An application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) for approval of this 
document as a base prospectus in its capacity as competent authority under the European regulation 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation), as amended. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the issuer or of the quality of the Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of 
the operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer, in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law 
dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Securities. 
An application has also been filed with the Luxembourg stock exchange (the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) for the 
Securities issued under the Programme, within 12 months of the date of the Base Prospectus, to be admitted, at the 
Issuer's discretion, to trading on the regulated market (the Regulated Market) of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
on the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or to listing on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or to trading on any other regulated market in a Member State of the EEA. 
The Regulated Market or any other regulated market in an EEA Member State mentioned in the Base Prospectus is a 
regulated market for the purposes of the directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments. Under this Base Prospectus, BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg 
Branch is acting as Listing Agent in Luxembourg. BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch, being part of a 
financial group providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of 
its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability 
and responsibility in Luxembourg.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
The Securities may also be admitted to trading on other stock exchanges or Regulated Markets as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Securities may also be issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus that are not 
admitted to trading on a stock exchange or on a Regulated Market. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Securities which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area and/or offered to the public in the European 
Economic Area other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer may issue Securities for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Exempt Securities) under this Base Prospectus (please refer to the “General Description of the Programme – 
Exempt Securities” section of the Base Prospectus). The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in 
this Base Prospectus pertaining to Exempt Securities. 
This Base Prospectus also constitutes a prospectus for the purpose of Part IV of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses 
for securities dated 16 July 2019. Approval will also be granted by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in accordance with 
Part IV of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 for Securities (including Exempt 
Securities) issued under the Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the Euro MTF) or on the 
professional segment of the Euro MTF market within twelve (12) months as of the date of the Base Prospectus.  
The Euro MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU but it is subject to the supervision of 
the CSSF. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to 
Securities admitted to trading on the Euro MTF. 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the Benchmarks 
Regulation). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant 
administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of administration under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation.  
The Securities shall be either (a) certificates indexed to one or more or a combination of shares, indices, units or shares 
of collective investment schemes, futures contracts, foreign exchange rates, reference rates, debt securities, listed 
options, commodities or dynamic portfolios (the Certificates) or (b) warrants (i) creating options exercisable by the 
relevant Holder or (ii) which will be automatically exercised as provided herein in relation to one or more or a 
combination of shares, indices, units or shares of collective investment schemes, futures contracts, foreign exchange 
rates, reference rates, debt securities, listed options or commodities (the Warrants) or (iii) which will be linked to the 
creditworthiness of one or more reference entity/ies (the Credit Linked Warrants or the Warrants) or (c) securities 
linked to the creditworthiness of the relevant reference entity/ies (the Credit Linked Notes or CLN) or (d) securities 
indexed to a combination of one or more underlyings of the Certificates with one or more credit events in respect of one 
or more reference entities of the CLN (the Hybrid Securities). Each issue of Securities will be issued on the terms set 
out herein which are relevant to such Securities under “Conditions of the Securities” completed, but only for the 
purposes of such issue, by the provisions of the relevant final terms (the Final Terms) which, with respect to Securities 
which are to be listed on a stock exchange, will be delivered to such stock exchange and/or other relevant authority on 
or prior to the date of listing of such Securities. The settlement amounts, interest and deliverables (if any) on Securities 
shall depend on the value of the relevant underlying(s), which are likely to affect the value of the investment in the 
Securities. The Technical Annex and the relevant Final Terms will contain information relating to any underlying 
shares, indices, units or shares of collective investment schemes, futures contracts, foreign exchange rates, reference 
rates, debt instruments, listed options, commodities, dynamic portfolio, credit risk or hybrid risk to which the relevant 
Securities relate and the way they affect the value of the Securities. 
Securities indexed to dynamic portfolios are subject to the general methodology of dynamic portfolios included in this 
Base Prospectus (the General Methodology), and to a specific methodology for each dynamic portfolio annexed to the 
relevant Final Terms or provided as a separate document  (the Specific Methodology). As of the date of the Base 
Prospectus, the CSSF has only reviewed and approved information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Securities 
indexed to dynamic portfolios whose Specific Methodology shall be annexed to the relevant Final Terms in the form

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
specified in Appendix 3 “Form of Specific Methodology of Dynamic Portfolios” of the General Methodology. The 
CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information pertaining to Securities indexed to dynamic portfolios whose 
Specific Methodology is not in the form specified in Appendix 3 of the General Methodology and therefore such 
Securities may only be issued as Exempt Securities and may be listed on the Euro MTF. In that case, such Exempt 
Securities will only be listed on the professional segment of the Euro MTF market, provided that when the Specific 
Methodology is derogating to a rule of the General Methodology, a drawdown prospectus or a supplement shall be 
submitted for review and approval to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
The Securities may be issued or settled at a premium over or at a discount to their nominal value or at their nominal 
value, with the settlement value indexed or not to a formula. The Securities may be settled in a currency or currencies 
other than the original currency of issue. The Securities may be settled in cash or through the physical delivery of 
deliverable underlyings, provided that (i) such underlyings have not been issued by the Issuer nor by an entity belonging 
to the group of the Issuer and (ii) such underlyings are not exchangeable for or convertible into shares that are or will be 
issued by a third party issuer and that are not admitted to trading on a regulated market. For the avoidance of doubt, 
physical settlement does not include equity securities belonging to the Issuer nor to an entity belonging to the group of 
the Issuer. The Securities may bear interest on a fixed or floating rate or formula linked basis or may not bear interest at 
all, as described in the Technical Annex which supplements the Conditions of the Securities. 
The Securities shall be governed by French law. The Securities are securities as defined by article L. 211-2 of the 
French monetary and financial code (the Monetary and Financial code) and article 4.44 of the European directive 
2014/65/EU. They are not obligations as defined by article L. 228-38 of the French commercial code. 
The Securities shall be issued solely in book-entry form and will be placed with an accredited intermediary in 
accordance with articles L. 211-3 and R. 211-1 et seq. of the Monetary and Financial code. No physical document of 
title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to article R. 211-7 of the Monetary and Financial code) will be issued 
in respect of the Securities. 
Each Securities issue shall be governed by the Conditions of the Securities (the Conditions) as completed, if applicable, 
by the Technical Annex (the Technical Annex) set forth in the Base Prospectus and the provisions set forth in the final 
terms applicable to the Securities (the Final Terms). 
Certain issues of Securities will also benefit from an additional guarantee in the form of a pledging of securities account 
pursuant to article L. 211-20 and articles D. 211-20 and following of the Monetary and Financial code (the Pledge), 
given by Exane Derivatives as pledgor (the Pledgor).

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
RATING OF THE SECURITIES 
At the Issuer's discretion, the Securities may be rated by Moody's France SAS (Moody's). A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may at any time be suspended, changed or withdrawn by Moody's. 
As of the date hereof, Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended 
by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011) (the CRA Regulation), as it appears from the list published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs).  
 
RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept joint responsibility for the information contained in the Base Prospectus and to the 
best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer and of the Guarantor (which have taken all reasonable care to ensure that 
such is the case), the information contained or incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and does not contain any omissions likely to affect the import of such information. 
  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Base Prospectus (together with any supplements to the Base Prospectus (each a Supplement and together 
the Supplements) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation and 
for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and the Guarantor. In relation to each separate 
issue of Securities, the final terms of such Securities will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of the Securities and will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Technical Annex and the relevant Final Terms will contain information relating to any underlying shares, 
indices, units or shares of collective investment schemes, futures contracts or foreign exchange rates, reference 
rates, debt instruments, listed options, commodities, dynamic portfolio, credit risk or hybrid risk (each an 
Underlying) to which the relevant Securities relate and which are contained in such Final Terms.  
In the Base Prospectus, and except where otherwise stipulated or where the context demands otherwise, "€", 
"euro" and "EUR" shall refer to the single currency of the Economic and Monetary Union, pursuant to the 
Treaty instituting the European Community, as amended, "Pound Sterling", "GBP" and "£" shall refer to the 
monetary unit of the United Kingdom, "U.S. Dollars", "USD", "US$" and "$" shall refer to the monetary unit 
of the United States of America, "Swiss Francs" and "CHF" shall designate the monetary unit of Switzerland, 
and "Yen", "YEN" and "JPY" shall designate the monetary unit of Japan. Other currencies may be used and 
shall be defined accordingly in the Final Terms.  
The information contained on the websites referenced herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus. 
No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representations not contained in the Base 
Prospectus. No information or declaration that is not contained in the Base Prospectus may be deemed 
authorised by or in the name of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA as Issuer, Exane SA as Guarantor and/or 
Arranger and/or Dealer.  
The Securities may be issued by the Issuer and subscribed or sold by any Dealer on the dates and at the prices to 
be determined by the Issuer and/or the Dealers. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other information provided concerning the Base Prospectus (a) is intended 
to serve as a credit rating or any other evaluation, or (b) may be considered a recommendation to purchase the 
Securities made by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or a Dealer to any person receiving the Base

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Prospectus or any other information provided concerning the Base Prospectus. Each investor considering the 
subscription or purchase of the Securities must conduct his own examination of the financial and general 
position of the Issuer and the Guarantor and make his own assessment of the Issuer's and the Guarantor’s 
solvency and base its decision to subscribe for or purchase Securities on such enquiries as it deems necessary. 
Neither the delivery of the Base Prospectus on any date, nor an operation executed pursuant to the Securities 
offering shall mean that information or representations contained in the Base Prospectus in respect of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor are accurate on any date after the date of the Base Prospectus, or that any other information 
provided in connection with the Base Prospectus is correct on any date after the date indicated in the document 
containing such information. No Dealer has undertaken to review the financial or general position of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor during the period of validity of the Base Prospectus. Investors should examine, in particular, 
the latest financial statements published by the Issuer or the Guarantor before deciding to subscribe or purchase 
Securities.  
The Base Prospectus and any other information that may be provided concerning the Base Prospectus shall not 
constitute either an offer or a solicitation by, or in the name of, the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer, or any 
other person with a view to subscription or purchase of Securities. The distribution of the Base Prospectus and 
the Securities offering in certain countries may be restricted by law. The Issuer, the Guarantor and each Dealer 
ask that persons in possession of the Base Prospectus familiarise themselves with and comply with such 
restrictions. 
Persons who come into possession of the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms are 
invited, at the request of the Issuer, the Guarantor, and the Dealers, to familiarize themselves and comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which, or from which, they purchase, offer, 
sell or deliver the Securities or have in their possession or distribute such information sources, in all cases at 
their expense. 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – 
 If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in (i) the European Economic Area (EEA), unless 
a key information document will be made available (if required) in the EEA jurisdiction(s) in which the 
Securities are offered, sold or otherwise made available to such retail investor(s) or (ii) the United Kingdom (the 
"UK"), unless a key information document will be made available (if required) in the UK. If the Final Terms in 
respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" as not applicable, 
the Securities may be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK, 
provided that, where a key information document is required pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation (each as defined below), as the case may be, the Securities may only be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors in (i) the EEA in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information 
document will be made available or (ii) in the UK if a key information document will be made available in the 
UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(A) In the case of retail investors in the EEA: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (IMD), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129/EC (the Prospectus Regulation).  
(B) In the case of retail investors in the UK: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) No 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by (a) Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation; and (b) Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared, and therefore, offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION IN RELATION TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
Neither the Securities nor the Exane Guarantee, nor any securities that may be delivered upon redemption or 
exercise of the Securities, have been or will be registered pursuant to the U.S. Securities Act 1933 as amended 
(the Securities Act), as amended, and trading in the Securities has not been approved by the United States 
Commodity Future Trading Commission pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act.  
The Securities and the Exane Guarantee and the securities (if any) to be delivered upon redemption or exercise 
of the Securities, may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed at 
any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee. 
Permitted Transferee means any person who is not: 
(a) 
an U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; or 
(b) 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA) or any rule thereunder (a CFTC Rule), guidance or 
order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United 
States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection 
(D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not “Non-United States persons”, shall be 
considered a U.S. person). 
For a description of certain additional restrictions governing the offering and sale of the Securities and the 
distribution of the Base Prospectus, see the Section "Subscriptions, purchases and selling restrictions" 
hereinafter. 
* * * *

--- Page 7 ---
Table of Contents 
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................................. 13 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF SECURITIES ................................... 52 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.................................................................................................... 55 
CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ............................................................................................................................ 60 
CONDITIONS OF THE FIRST DEMAND GUARANTEE OF EXANE SA ............................................................... 259 
CONDITIONS OF THE PLEDGE ................................................................................................................................. 262 
TECHNICAL ANNEX ................................................................................................................................................... 273 
PROPRIETARY INDICES ............................................................................................................................................ 375 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER: EXANE SOLUTIONS (LUXEMBOURG) SA  ................................................... 477 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR: EXANE SA .............................................................................................. 482 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................................... 515 
SUBSCRIPTION, PURCHASE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ............................................................................. 542 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR THE CERTIFICATES /WARRANTS / CLN / HYBRID SECURITIES ................. 554 
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................................... 601 
 RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ............................................................................................................................... 604

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 implementing the Prospectus Regulation.  
This general description must be read as an introduction to this Programme and any decision to invest in the Securities 
should be based on a consideration of this Programme, including the documents incorporated by reference.  
Securities issued under the Programme will be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus and related Final Terms.  
Prospective investors should ensure they understand the nature and the characteristics of the Securities prior any 
investment decisions.  
 
OVERVIEW OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
Issuer  
Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA   
LEI of the Issuer 
LEI: 549300LFYN0WYQ0GAF25 
Description of the Issuer 
The Company is a Luxembourg law public limited liability company (société 
anonyme), having its registered offices at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert – L-2453 
Luxembourg – Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, and identified under number 
B246360.  
Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA is not subject to individual prudential 
supervision in its jurisdiction of incorporation. 
Its telephone number is +352 26 44 97 24. 
Rating of the Issuer 
Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA has not been rated. 
Guarantor 
Exane SA  
LEI of the Guarantor 
LEI: 969500UP76J52A9OXU27 
Description of the Guarantor 
The Company is a French law public limited company (société anonyme), having 
its registered office at 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France, and identified under 
number 342 040 268 RCS Paris. 
Exane SA is a 99.9% owned subsidiary of Verner Investissements SAS and is a 
fully consolidated company. 
Its telephone number is + 33 (0)1 44 95 40 00. 
Rating of the Guarantor 
Guarantor’s long term credit rating is for Moody's: Aa3 with a stable outlook. 
Guarantor’s long term credit rating is for Standard & Poor's: A+ (A which means, 
as per the definition appearing on the website of Standard & Poor’s, "Strong 
capacity to meet financial commitments, but somewhat susceptible to adverse 
economic conditions and changes in circumstances– Note: ratings from “AA” to 
“CCC” may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show 
relative standing within the major rating categories") with a stable outlook and 
Guarantor’s short term credit rating is for Standard & Poor's: A-1 with a stable 
outlook.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE SECURITIES 
Name of the Programme 
Debt Securities Issue Programme (the "Programme"). 
Securities are issued under a Purchase Agreement.  
Description 
of 
the 
Programme  
The applicable terms of any Securities will be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the Dealer prior to the issue of the Securities and will be set out in the 
Conditions of the Securities, as completed by the applicable Final Terms attached 
to, or endorsed on, such Securities. 
Securities issued under the Programme may be issued pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus and related Final Terms or pursuant to a standalone prospectus prepared 
in connection with a particular series of Securities. 
Programme Limit 
There is no limit on the amount of Securities which may be outstanding.  
Type of Securities 
The Securities do not constitute "obligations" within the meaning of article L.228-
38 of the French commercial code. 
The Securities may be shall be either (a) certificates indexed to one or more or a 
combination of shares, indices, units or shares of collective investment schemes, 
futures contracts, foreign exchange rates, reference rates, debt securities, listed 
options, commodities or dynamic portfolios (the Certificates) or (b) warrants (i) 
creating options exercisable by the relevant Holder or (ii) which will be 
automatically exercised as provided herein in relation to one or more or a 
combination of shares, indices, units or shares of collective investment schemes, 
futures contracts, foreign exchange rates, reference rates, debt securities, listed 
options, commodities or dynamic portfolios (the Warrants) or (iii) which will be 
linked to the creditworthiness of one or more reference entity/ies (the Credit Linked 
Warrants or the Warrants) or (c) securities linked to the creditworthiness of the 
relevant reference entity/ies (the Credit Linked Notes or CLN) or (d) securities 
indexed to a combination of one or more underlyings of the Certificates with one or 
more credit events in respect of one or more reference entities of the CLN (the 
Hybrid Securities, and the Hybrid Securities together with the CLNs, the Credit 
Linked Securities) and may be Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, Zero 
Coupon Securities, Partly Paid Securities. 
The Securities are fully, partially capital protected or not capital protected. Full 
capital protection means that the Securities can be redeemed at an amount at least 
equivalent to the nominal amount or issue price of the relevant Securities. Partial 
capital protection means that the Securities can be redeemed at an amount lower 
than the nominal amount. However, in certain cases, a total loss of the amount paid 
to purchase the Securities is possible.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Issuance of Securities  
The general conditions of the securities are set out on pages 61 to 134; the 
conditions governing the return on the Securities and how it is calculated are set out 
on pages 135 to 144. 
Securities issued under this Programme are issued in series and each series may 
comprise one or more tranches of Securities. One or more tranches of Securities 
will be subject of a Final Terms a copy of which may be obtained free of charge at 
6 rue Ménars – 75002 Paris – France.  
Subject to the transfer restrictions described in “Subscription, Purchase and Selling 
Restrictions”, the Securities of each series are intended to be interchangeable with 
all other Securities of that series. 
Although issued in series, each Security shall constitute a separate and distinct debt 
instrument. However, the Securities may be consolidated and form a single series 
with earlier Tranches. 
Dealer 
Exane Derivatives and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Purchase Agreement dated 21 July 2021.  
Paying agents 
Principal Paying Agent: Exane Derivatives, 6, rue Ménars 75002 Paris. 
Swiss Paying Agent: BNP Paribas Securities Services, Zurich Branch, 
Selnaustrasse 16, 8002 Zurich. 
Any additional paying agent for a particular issue of Securities will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Supplement. 
 
Calculation Agent 
Exane Derivatives and any other person or entity indicated as such in the Final 
Terms. 
Status 
The Securities constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer that shall rank equally (pari passu) with each other and with all other 
direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, both present and 
future, (subject to contrary mandatory provisions in force at the relevant time). 
Nature and scope of the 
guarantee 
The Guarantor has independently, unconditionally and irrevocably granted a first 
demand guarantee pursuant to Article 2321 of the French civil code (the Exane 
Guarantee) in favour of the Holders of Securities with respect to (en considération 
de) the Issuer’s obligations under the Securities. The Exane Guarantee given by the 
Guarantor on the Securities shall constitute a direct, unsubordinated obligation of 
the Guarantor and shall rank equally (pari passu) with its other direct, 
unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, both present and future (with the 
exception of preferred obligations under the law). 
Additional 
guarantee 
for 
certain issues in the form of a 
pledged account of financial 
instruments 
Some Series may benefit from an additional guarantee in the form of a pledge of 
securities account. The conditions of these Securities are described into the section 
“Conditions of the Pledge”.  
The amount or the nature of the secured debt will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Pledged Account Custodian 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Paris or any other Pledged Account Custodian 
indicated in the Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
Securities may be issued on the basis of an Issue Price (expressed either (i) a 
percentage of the Nominal Value or (ii) an amount in currency of each Security) 
agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Currencies 
Securities may be denominated in any currencies agreed between the Issuer and the 
Dealer. 
Payments may be made in and/or linked to, any currencies other than the currency 
in which such Securities are denominated. 
Clearing Systems 
Securities will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France, Euroclear Bank 
NA/SV, Clearstream Banking, SIX SIS SA (or, to the extent specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Supplement, the Depositary Trust Company).  
Settlement  
The Final Terms will provide the settlement conditions of the Securities and 
especially if the Securities are subject to a Final Settlement, an Early Settlement, 
and Automatic Early Settlement, an Optional Settlement, a Partial Settlement or an 
Early Settlement for Tax reasons, or if a Settlement by Instalments is specified as 
applicable. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the 
Securities may have any maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms.Securities 
with no fixed maturity date may also be issued under the Programme (undated 
perpetual Certificate). 
Redenomination 
If Redenomination is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Securities shall be 
redenominated without the consent of the Holders with a notification in accordance 
with Condition 19. 
Form of the Securities  
Securities will be issued in dematerialised form.  
Securities may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form (au porteur) or 
in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant holder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will be 
issued.  
Rating 
At the Issuer's discretion, the Securities may be rated by Moody's France SAS 
(Moody's). A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
at any time be suspended, changed or withdrawn by Moody's.  
Governing Law 
The Securities shall be governed by French law and shall be construed in 
accordance with French law. 
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading  
An application may be made, at the option of the Issuer for certain Securities listed:  
- on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
- on the Euro MTF market. 
The Securities may also be admitted to trading on any other exchange or any other 
regulated market and/or any non-regulated market as the Issuer and relevant Dealer 
may agree and as specified in the Final Terms. 
Distribution method 
Securities may be distributed by way of public or private placement, provided, that 
no public offer or sale of Securities may be made in United States.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Exempt-Securities 
Under this Base Prospectus, Exempt Securities (being Securities for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation) and Non-
Exempt Securities (being Securities for which a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation) can be issued. 
In the case of Exempt Securities, any terms and conditions not contained in this 
Base Prospectus which are applicable to such Exempt Securities will be set out in 
the applicable pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement"). For the 
purposes of any Exempt Securities, any reference in this Base Prospectus to "Final 
Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "Pricing Supplement". 
Selling Restrictions 
The offer, sale, and transfer of the Securities are restricted in the United States and 
the European Economic Area. These restrictions are detailed in the section 
“Subscription, Purchase and Selling Restrictions”. 
Offering Jurisdictions 
The Issuer intends to publicly offer the Securities for sale in Belgium, France, Italy, 
Ireland, Luxembourg.  
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues in respect of the Securities 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature, present or future, 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any jurisdiction 
or any authority therein or thereof having the power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. If any applicable law should require that payments 
of principal or interest or other income in respect of the Securities, be subject to any 
such withholding or deduction, neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantor nor the Pledgor 
will be required to pay additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or 
deduction. 
Use of Proceeds 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Securities for general 
corporate purposes. A substantial portion of the proceeds from the issue of 
Securities may be used to hedge market risk with respect to such Securities.  
Risks Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Securities issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk 
Factors" and include certain factors relating to the Issuer and its activities. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the markets risks associated with Securities issued under the Programme. These are 
set out under "Risk Factors" and include the fact that the Securities may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors, certain risks relating to the structure of 
Securities, particular risks relating to Securities generally, risks related to market 
generally. 
Contact details 
Email: djam@exane.com 
Telephone: (+33) 1 44 95 40 00

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors in the Securities and any Holders of the Securities should carefully consider the following 
information in conjunction with other information contained in the Base Prospectus, any Supplement thereto, any 
documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus (see the section “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”) and any Final Terms. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the risk factors described below are material for the purpose of 
taking an informed investment decision associated with the Securities, but these are not the only risks that the Issuer or 
the Guarantor faces or that may arise under the Securities. There will be other risks that the Issuer or the Guarantor 
does not currently consider to be material, or risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor are currently not aware of, or 
risks that arise due to circumstances specific to the investor.  
More than one investment risk may have simultaneous effect with regard to the value of and return on the Securities 
and the effect of any single investment risk may not be predictable. In addition, more than one investment risk may have 
a compounding effect and no assurance can be given as to the effect that any combination of investment risks may have 
on the value of Securities. 
Within each category, the risk factor that the Issuer believes is the most material to the Securities is presented first. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the remaining risk factors in each category are not presented in order of materiality. 
RISK FACTORS IN RESPECT OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
1. 
Risks related to the macroeconomic and regulatory environments 
1.1 The macro-economic and financial markets fluctuations may significantly impact the Issuer’s and 
Guarantor’s financial condition and results 
The activities of the Issuer and the Guarantor are exposed to the fluctuations of financial markets and the economic 
conditions in Europe. In recent years, the Issuer and the Guarantor have been, and may again in the future be, 
confronted with a significant deterioration of market and economic conditions resulting, among other things, from crises 
affecting sovereign debt, capital markets, credit or liquidity conditions, regional or global recessions, sharp fluctuations 
in commodity prices, currency exchange rates and/or interest rates, volatility in prices of financial derivatives, inflation 
or deflation, restructurings or defaults, corporate or sovereign debt rating downgrades, adverse political and geopolitical 
events (such as natural disasters, pandemics, societal unrest, geopolitical tensions, consequences of the implementation 
of Brexit, acts of terrorism and military conflicts) or the risk of countries leaving the European Union. Such disruptions, 
which may develop quickly and hence not be fully hedged, could affect the operating environment for financial 
institutions for short or extended periods and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and/or Guarantor’s financial 
condition and operating results.  
A resurgence of a sovereign debt crisis cannot be ruled out. In particular, European markets have experienced 
significant disruptions in recent years as a result of concerns regarding the ability of certain countries or institutions in 
the Euro-zone to refinance their debt obligations. At several points in recent years these disruptions caused tightened 
credit markets, increased volatility in the exchange rate of the euro against other major currencies, affected the levels of 
stock market indices and created uncertainty regarding the economic prospects of certain countries in the European 
Union as well as the quality of bank loans to sovereign debtors in the European Union. More generally, the sovereign 
debt crisis had, and could again in the future have, an indirect impact on financial markets and economies, in Europe 
and worldwide, and more generally on the environment in which Exane operates. If economic conditions generally or in 
Europe in particular were to deteriorate due among other things to concerns over the European economy (in turn 
triggered by the heightened risk of or even the occurrence of a sovereign default, the failure of a significant financial 
institution or the exit of a country from the Euro-zone), a sudden decline in commodity prices, a continued or increased 
slowdown of economic growth in emerging countries, terrorist attacks or other political instability, the resulting market 
disruptions could have a significant adverse impact on the credit quality of the Issuer’s and/or Guarantor’s customers 
and financial institution counterparties, on market parameters such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and stock 
market indices, and on the Issuer’s and/or Guarantor’s operating results, liquidity, ability to raise financing on 
acceptable terms and/or general financial condition.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor may generate lower revenues from brokerage and other commission and fee-based 
business during market downturns: financial and economic conditions affect the number and size of transactions for 
which the Issuer and/or Guarantor provide services. The Issuer and/or Guarantor’s revenues, which include fees from 
these services, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which it participates and can thus be 
significantly affected by economic or financial changes that are unfavorable to its business and clients.  
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor maintains market making and investment (other than market making) positions in 
financial markets. These positions could be adversely affected by volatility in financial and other markets (volatility 
here meaning the degree to which prices fluctuate over a particular period in a particular market, regardless of market 
levels). Volatility can also lead to losses relating to a broad range of other trading and hedging products the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor use, including swaps, futures, options and structured products. To the extent that the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor own assets, or has net long positions, in any of those markets, a downturn in those markets could result in 
losses from a decline in the value of its net long positions. Conversely, to the extent that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
have sold assets that it does not own, or has net short positions, in any of those markets, an upturn in those markets 
could expose it to material losses as it attempts to cover its net short positions by acquiring assets in a rising market. 
1.2 The COVID-19 Pandemic may negatively affect the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s results 
The recent emergence of coronavirus COVID-19, coupled with the measures implemented by relevant government 
authorities to contain it, have had, and continue to have, a material and adverse impact on the European and global 
financial markets and on the level of economic activity in Europe and the world economy at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. As a result, the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s operating environment is expected to be significantly influenced by 
the global impact of the pandemic and by the reaction of investors and central banks, and is likely to impact their 
results. While there may be some short-term benefits from higher market volatility and client trading, the negative 
effects from distressed equity markets, lower interest rates and the foreign exchange environment may negatively 
impact the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s results. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic negatively the Issuer’s and/or 
the Guarantor’s businesses, results of operations and financial condition, will depend on future developments that are 
highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and actions taken by 
governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. If the impact of the virus is severe or 
prolonged, this may result in greater volatility but also in reduced liquidity, declining equity indices, widening of credit 
spreads and lack of price transparency in credit markets. This may have a materially adverse impact on the Issuer's and 
Guarantor’s financial performance and position in future. 
 
 
1.3 The business activities of the Issuer and the Guarantor are not diversified 
The Issuer and the Guarantor's business activities are dependent on the behaviour of European equities markets. Their 
performances are influenced by the level and cyclical nature of business activity, which is impacted by both domestic 
and international economic and political events. There can be no assurance that the realisation of conditions in 
European equities markets which are particularly adverse to the Issuer or Guarantor will not have a material effect on 
their future results. 
1.4 The stringent and constantly evolving regulatory environment of the Guarantor may have a significant 
impact on his business, operations and profitability 
The Guarantor is subject to financial services laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where it exercises its activities. 
Such regulation is extensive and increasingly complex. The supervision of financial services firms also expanded 
significantly. The increased regulation and supervision of the Guarantor may limit the ability for the Guarantor to 
maintain certain activities. Non-compliance with the regulation can generate fines, reprisals, suspension of operations 
or, in some cases, withdrawal necessary authorisations.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
New laws and regulations that have been adopted in recent years, or that could be adopted in the near future, include a 
reinforcement of capital and liquidity requirements, the introduction of financial transaction taxes, restrictions on 
certain type of activities or products (such as derivatives and structured products), and some measures adopted after the 
financial crisis of 2008 will be modified in the near future, which will affect the predictability of the regulatory 
environment of the Guarantor. 
Changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in the equity brokerage and research activities, could materially 
affect the Guarantor's business, the products and services offered and/or the value of their assets. 
Regulations designed to enhance the transparency and soundness of financial markets, such as the so-called "EMIR" 
Regulation of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories or Regulation of 25 
November 2015 on transparency of Securities financing transactions and Directive and Regulation of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments ("MiFID 2") and their implementation may be a source of additional uncertainty and 
compliance risk and, more generally, the costs incurred due to the implementation of such regulations may have a 
negative impact on the profitability of certain activities currently conducted by the Guarantor and weigh on the Issuer’s 
and Guarantor’s operating results and financial condition. 
2. 
Credit and counterparty risks 
2.1 The Issuer and the Guarantor are exposed to the credit risk of their counterparties 
In general, the credit risk faced by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor corresponds to the risk associated with an event of 
default by a client or counterparty, resulting in a failure to meet its commitments to the Issuer and/or the Guarantor.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor routinely execute transactions with brokers and dealers, investment banks, funds, 
investment managers and other types of financial institutions and markets participants. Many of these transactions 
expose the Issuer and the Guarantor to the credit risk of its clients and counterparty. 
With regard to the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s activities, the risk can be divided into four components:  
• 
The counterparty risk on market transactions corresponds to the risk that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor bear in 
respect of its exposures on OTC transactions on one hand and securities lending or borrowing transactions on the 
other hand. The Issuer and/or the Guarantor are therefore subject to the risk of default by a counterparty, as well as 
to uncertainties concerning the amounts due in the event of such a default; 
• 
The issuer risk corresponds to the risk incurred by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor as a result of holding in its 
portfolio securities issued by a third party or derivatives on an underlying asset issued by a third party. For 
example, when the Issuer and/or the Guarantor hold portfolios of securities, they are subject to the risk of 
deterioration in the credit quality of the issuer of such securities or default of payment; 
• 
The settlement and delivery risk linked to the purchases/sales of securities corresponds to the risk that transactions 
may not be completed. This risk may lead to losses, the nature of which depends on the transactions and the way 
of settlement. 
• 
The receivable risk corresponds to the book value of the net receivables outstanding against the counterparty that 
could result in a loss for the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in the event of default by the counterparty. 
The credit and counterparty risk, as a whole, can therefore affect the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's cash position, 
solvency and accounting records when a counterparty is unable to meet its obligations while the book value of its 
commitments in the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's accounts is positive. 
Although the Issuer and the Guarantor seek to reduce their exposure to credit and counterparty risk by using internal 
ratings-based approaches or by providing collateral and entering into netting agreements, for example, it is not certain 
that credit and counterparty risk mitigation techniques will offset potential future losses resulting from counterparty 
defaults. Even though the measurement of credit and counterparty risk is highly regulated and controlled, the Issuer and 
the Guarantor remain exposed to the solvency risk of their customers and counterparties. 
2.2 Potential investors in the Securities are exposed the creditworthiness and credit ratings of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Creditworthiness refers to the risk of loss due to default by the Issuer or Guarantor where the Issuer or Guarantor fails to 
perform its obligations. 
The Securities are subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and Guarantor and changes in credit rating of the Guarantor and 
credit spread may adversely affect the market value of the Securities. Investors are dependent on the Issuer's and 
Guarantor ability to pay (or deliver, as applicable) all amounts due on the Securities, and therefore investors are subject 
to the credit risk of Issuer and Guarantor and to changes in the market's view of the creditworthiness of such entities. 
The Securities and the Exane Guarantee respectively constitute general and unsecured contractual obligations of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor and of no other person. The Securities and the Exane Guarantee rank equally with all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured contractual obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor. They are subordinate to preferred 
obligations, including those preferred by operation of law. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is not rated by any credit rating agency. In addition, the Issuer may issue a substantial amount of 
Securities, representing an important global financial commitment. Each potential investor should reach his own 
opinion concerning the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations in relation to the Securities. 
Any actual or potential decline or suppression of the credit rating of the Guarantor may affect the market value of the 
Securities.  
Any investor buying Securities is relying on the solvency of the Issuer and the Guarantor and on no other person; 
therefore, if the Securities are linked to financial instruments, the investor has no rights against the company that issued 
such financial instruments and in particular if the Securities are linked to an index, the investor has no rights against the 
sponsor of such index and, if the Securities are linked to a fund, the investor has no rights against the manager of such 
fund. Furthermore, an investment in the Securities does not constitute an investment in the Underlyings and an investor 
has no rights, whether voting rights or other rights (including rights to dividends or other distributions). 
2.3 The soundness and conduct of other financial institutions and market participants may adversely affect the 
Issuer and the Garantor 
The Issuer’s and/or Guarantor’s ability to engage in investment and derivative transactions could be adversely affected 
by the soundness of other financial institutions or market participants. Financial institutions are interrelated as a result 
of trading, clearing, counterparty, funding or other relationships. As a result, defaults, or even rumors or questions 
about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, may lead to market-wide 
liquidity problems and could lead to further losses or defaults. Exane has exposure to many counterparties in the 
financial industry, directly and indirectly, including clearing houses, brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment 
banks, mutual and alternative investment funds, and other institutional clients with which it regularly executes 
transactions. Exane may also be exposed to the risks related to the increasing involvement in the financial sector of 
players subject to little or no regulations (unregulated funds or trading venues). Exane is exposed to credit and 
counterparty risk in the event of default or financial distress of the Issuer’s and/or Guarantor’s counterparties or clients. 
This risk could be exacerbated if the collateral held by the Issuer or the Guarantor cannot be relied upon or is liquidated 
at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor or in case of a failure of a significant financial market participant such as a central counterparty. It is worth 
noting in this respect that regulatory changes requiring mandatory clearing of standardized over-the-counter (OTC) 
derivatives through central counterparties have resulted in an increase of the exposure of financial market participants to 
such central counterparties. In addition, fraud or misconduct by financial market participants can have a material 
adverse effect on financial institutions due in particular to the interrelated nature of the financial markets.  
There can be no assurance that any losses resulting from the risks summarized above will not materially and adversely 
affect the Issuer and/or the Guarantor’s operating results. 
3. 
Financial risks 
3.1 The fluctuation of market prices and volatility expose the Issuer and the Guarantor to risks that cannot 
always be mitigated

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
The market risk faced by the Issuer and the Guarantor in the context of their activities is mainly related to the variation 
in the prices of assets held. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor's activities are significantly impacted by financial market conditions which are, in turn, 
affected by current and future economic conditions in France and Europe. An unfavorable evolution of market 
conditions, economic conditions or the geopolitical context could lead to potential difficulties in terms of organization 
and financial risks by making the environment more complex. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are thus particularly exposed to the following risks: interest rate fluctuations, the price and 
volatility of securities, exchange rate variations and credit spreads.  
In order to manage and control these risks, the VaR calculation method used by the Issuer and the Guarantor is based on 
historical simulation. It consists of a 1-day VaR for a confidence interval of 99% calculated over a window of 300 
consecutive scenarios of variations in risk factors as well as a Stressed Var with a fixed window corresponding to a 
scenario that is as stressed as possible. 
This makes it possible to quantify the maximum potential loss related to market risks that a portfolio could incur over a 
given time horizon, with a given probability. 
These market risk measurement techniques rely on statistical methodologies based on historical observations and can 
prove to be complex indicators to measure under stressed future market conditions. As a result, The Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor's exposure to market risk in extreme scenarios could be greater than the exposures anticipated by these 
quantification techniques. 
3.2 The liquidity on financial markets may be reduced and expose the Issuer and the Garantor to financial 
losses  
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that an investment firm will be unable to honor its commitments or unwind or settle 
a position due to the situation on the market or other particular factors, within the necessary time frame and at a 
reasonable cost. In the case of high market volatility, for example, conditions may affect the level of activity or reduce 
liquidity in the market(s) concerned. These stressful situations may expose the Issuer and the Guarantor to significant 
losses if they are unable to settle their commitments quickly. This may be the case, for example, for assets such as 
certain derivatives traded between banks that are valued internally using models rather than on the basis of market 
prices. 
4. 
Operational risks and associated risks 
4.1 The operational procedures and policies of the Issuer and the Guarantor may be exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss arising from the inadequacy or failure of procedures, individuals or 
internal systems, or even external events (such as, but not limited to natural disasters, fraud, fire or terrorist attack). It 
includes risk relating to the security of information systems, litigation risk and reputation risk. 
The Issuer's and the Guarantor's business rely comprehensively on the ability of their financial, accounting, transaction 
execution, data processing and other operational systems to process, record, monitor, and report large number of 
transaction on a continuous basis, and to do so accurately, quickly and securely. 
Any failure, disruption, interruption or breach in security of the internal systems could result in failures or interruptions 
in operations. The Issuer and the Guarantor cannot provide assurances that such failures or interruptions will not occur 
or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. An increasing number of companies have in recent years 
experienced intrusion attempts or even breaches of their information technology security, some of which have involved 
sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on their computer networks. The Issuer and the Guarantor may be unable to 
anticipate these intrusions attempts or to implement in a timely manner effective and efficient countermeasures. Any 
failures or interruptions in the Issuer and the Guarantor’s information systems and any subsequent disclosure of

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
confidential information related to any client, counterpart or employee of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any 
intrusion or attack against Issuer’s or Guarantor’s communication system could have an adverse effect on Issuer’s or 
Guarantor’s reputation, financial condition and operating results. 
Unforeseen events like severe natural catastrophes, terrorist attacks or other states of emergency can lead to an abrupt 
interruption of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's operations, which can cause substantial losses. Such losses can relate to 
trading positions and to key employees. Such unforeseen events can also lead to additional costs and increase the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor's costs (such as insurance premiums). Such events may also make insurance coverage for certain 
risks unavailable and thus increase the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's risk. 
As with most other investment services providers, the Issuer and/or the Guarantor rely heavily on communications and 
information systems to conduct its business. External operational systems with which the Issuer and the Guarantor are 
connected, whether directly or indirectly, can also be source of operational risk. Any failure, disruption or interruption 
or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's 
customer relationship management. The Issuer and/or the Guarantor cannot provide assurances that such failures, 
disruptions or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of 
any failures, disruptions or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's 
financial condition and operating results. 
4.2 Any damage to the reputation of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor could harm their businesses and may 
result in financial losses 
In the highly competitive environment arising from globalisation and convergence in the financial services industry, 
maintaining trust in the Issuer and the Guarantor is critical to the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s ability to attract and 
retain clients, customers, investors and employees. Damage to the Issuer's and the Guarantor's reputation can therefore 
cause significant harm to the Issuer's and the Guarantor's business and prospects. The Issuer’s and Guarantor’s 
reputation could be harmed if it fails to promote and market adequately its products and services. The Issuer’s and 
Guarantor’s reputation could also be damaged if, as it increases its client base and the scale of its businesses, the 
Issuer’s and Guarantor’s comprehensive procedures and controls dealing with conflicts of interest fail, or appear to fail, 
to address conflicts of interest properly. The Issuer’s and Guarantor’s reputation could in the future be damaged by, 
among other things, employee misconduct, a decline in, or a restatement of, or other corrections to its financial results, 
and/or adverse legal or regulatory action. The loss of business that could result from damage to the Issuer’s and/or the 
Guarantor’s reputation could affect its operating results and financial condition.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
RISK FACTORS IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES 
1. 
Risks relating to the Securities generally 
1.1. 
Potential loss of some or all of your investment 
Risk warning: You may lose some or all of your investment in the Securities if one or more of the 
following occurs: 
Minimum scheduled repayment amount less than invested amount: The terms of your particular Securities 
may not provide for scheduled minimum payment of the face value or issue price of the Securities at 
maturity or upon early redemption. In such case, depending on the performance of the Underlying(s) (if 
any) and how much you paid for the Securities, you may lose some or all of your investment. 
Credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor: The payment of any amount due under the Securities is 
subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and Guarantor. The Securities are unsecured obligations. They are 
not deposits and are not protected under any deposit protection insurance scheme. Therefore, if the Issuer 
and Guarantor fail or are otherwise unable to meet their payment (or delivery) obligations on the 
Securities, you will lose up to the entire value of your investment. 
Other circumstances: 
You may also lose some or all of your investment where: 
• 
the market price of your Securities prior to maturity may be significantly lower than the purchase 
price you pay for them. Consequently, if you sell your Securities before the stated maturity date, 
you may receive far less than your original invested amount; 
• 
your Securities may be redeemed early in certain circumstances for reasons not in the control of 
the Issuer and, in such case, the amount paid to you at early redemption may be less than what you 
paid for the Securities and may be as low as zero. See Risk Factor 1.13 (In certain circumstances, 
the Issuer has the right to early redeem the Securities prior to scheduled maturity and other than 
on an Automatic Early Settlement Date. In such case, investors will receive the optional settlement 
amount, which amount may be zero) below; or 
• 
your Securities are subject to certain adjustments in accordance with the terms and conditions of 
the Securities that may result in the scheduled amount to be paid or asset(s) to be delivered upon 
redemption being reduced to, or being valued at an amount less than, your initial investment. 
1.2. 
Incidental costs (including transaction fees and commissions) may reduce the return on the 
Securities 
Investors should note that incidental costs, such as transaction fees and commissions, may be incurred 
when buying or selling Securities in addition to the actual price of the Securities. These incidental costs 
may significantly reduce or even cancel out the returns on the Securities. In addition to such costs directly 
related to the purchase of the Securities, there may also be follow-up costs such as custody fees. 
Therefore, before purchasing a Security, investors should obtain information regarding all costs that may 
be incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Securities before investing in the 
Securities. 
1.3. 
It may not be possible to use the Securities as a perfect hedge against the market risk associated 
with investing in the Underlying(s) 
Investors intending to purchase Securities to hedge the market risk associated with an investment in the 
relevant Underlying(s) should be aware of the complexities involved in the use of the Securities for this 
purpose and the potential differences in exposure arising from an investor owning multiple financial 
instruments. Because of fluctuations in the supply and demand of the Securities, the value of the 
Securities during their term may not exactly correspond to movements in the price, level or value of the 
relevant Underlying(s), and it may not be possible to sell the Securities at a price which directly reflects 
the price, level or value of the relevant Underlying(s) or to offset any loss realised on an investment in the 
relevant Underlying(s).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
1.4. 
Potential illiquidity of the Securities on the secondary market  
Investors must be prepared to hold the Securities until their scheduled maturity.  
The specified size of the offer represents the maximum amount of the Securities being offered but does 
not give any indication as to the volume of the Securities being effectively issued. This volume is 
determined according to the market conditions and may change during the term of the Securities, and a 
significant portion of the issuance of any Securities may be held by the Issuer or Dealer. It is not possible 
to predict the liquidity of the Securities in the secondary market based on the specified size of the offer. 
For these reasons, a secondary market for the Securities may not develop. 
The Securities may be listed, admitted to trading or quoted by any listing authority or stock exchange or 
quotation system. However, this shall not imply any greater or lesser liquidity than would be the case for 
similar Securities that are not listed, admitted to trading or quoted and the Issuer cannot guarantee that the 
listing, admission to trading or quotation shall be maintained permanently.  
If an active trading market for the Securities does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading 
price and liquidity of the Securities may be adversely affected. Restrictions in respect of the purchase 
and/or sale of the Securities in some jurisdictions may also have an impact on the liquidity of the 
Securities. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or its affiliates are authorised to buy and sell the Securities for their own 
account or for the account of others, and to issue additional Securities. Such transactions may affect the 
price of the Securities favourably or adversely. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Securities may 
cause the volatility and price of such issue of Securities to increase. If additional and competing products 
are introduced in the markets, this may also adversely affect the value of the Securities.  
A lack of liquidity in the Securities may mean that investors may not be able to sell their Securities or 
may not be able to sell their Securities for the same price they paid for them, and accordingly investors 
may lose some or all of their investment if they were to sell the Securities prior to their scheduled 
maturity.  
1.5. 
Volatility and economic and market conditions may affect the secondary market for the Securities 
The market for the Securities is influenced by economic and market conditions (which may include, to 
varying degrees, interest rates, credit spread levels, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, share prices, 
index levels, collective investment schemes net asset values, futures contract prices, debt instruments 
prices, etc). National and international economic, financial, regulatory, political, military, judicial or other 
events, including governmental actions, or by the activities of participants in the relevant markets, may 
also affect market volatility. Investors should note that both economic and market conditions and 
volatility may have adverse effects on the value of and return on the Securities. 
1.6. 
The inherent value of a Security will likely be lower than its issue price or purchase price 
The issue price or the purchase price of a Security does not necessarily reflect its inherent value, and the 
inherent value of a Security will likely be lower than its issue price or purchase price. Any difference 
between a Security's issue price or purchase price and its inherent value may be due to a number of 
different factors including, without limitation, prevailing market conditions and fees, discounts or 
commissions paid to or retained by the various parties involved in the issue, structuring and/or 
distributing the Security.  
Secondary market prices of the Securities may also be lower than the original issue price of the Securities 
because, among other things, secondary market prices will likely be reduced by selling commissions, 
profits and hedging and other costs that are accounted for in the original issue price of the Securities. 
Accordingly, any sale of the Securities by an investor prior to the scheduled maturity date could result in 
a substantial loss to the investor. 
1.7. 
The Issuer or the Guarantor may be substituted by another entity 
The conditions of the Securities provide that the Issuer may, following the occurrence of certain events, 
without the consent of the Holders and without regard to the interests of particular Holders, agree to the 
substitution of another company as the principal obligor under any Securities in place of the Issuer, 
subject to the conditions set out in Condition 20 (Substitution of the Issuer). In particular, in the case of

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
guaranteed securities, where the substitute is not the relevant Guarantor, the Guarantor will guarantee the 
performance of the substitute's obligations under the Securities. 
The conditions of the Securities also provide that the Issuer may, following the occurrence of certain 
events, without the consent of the Holders and without regard to the interests of particular Holders, agree 
to the substitution of another company as the guarantor in respect of any Securities issued by the Issuer, 
subject to the conditions set out in Condition 21 (Substitution of the Guarantor). In particular, the 
creditworthiness of the substitute guarantor must be at least equal to that of the Guarantor, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to, inter alia, the long term senior debt ratings assigned by such 
rating agencies as the Calculation Agent determines. 
1.8. 
Transfers of Securities may be restricted 
Restrictions on the offer, sale, pledge or other transfer of Securities (as described below) may adversely 
affect the ability of an investor in the Securities to dispose of the Securities in the secondary market, if 
any, and may significantly reduce the liquidity of the Securities. As a result, the value of the Securities 
may be materially adversely affected. 
(a) 
U.S. investors in the Securities are not permitted except in certain circumstances 
The Securities may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or 
redeemed at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any “U.S. 
person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S) except, in respect of certain of the Securities, 
to “qualified institutional buyers” (as defined in Rule 144A) in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A and in compliance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws. 
Persons eligible to acquire Securities or interests therein pursuant to a transaction conducted in 
accordance with Regulation S or, if applicable, Rule 144A, are referred to herein as Permitted 
Transferees.Any transfer of Securities to or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a 
Permitted Transferee (a Non-Permitted Transferee) will be void ab initio and of no legal effect 
whatsoever. Accordingly, any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in 
a Security in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of 
such interest in such Security. 
The Issuer shall have the right at any time after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial 
ownership interest in a Security is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee to require such Non-
Permitted Transferee to sell such interest to (a) an Affiliate of the Issuer (to the extent permitted by 
applicable law) or (b) a person who is not a Non-Permitted Transferee, in each case in accordance 
with Condition 2.5.  
(b) 
Minimum Trading Number  
Investors should note that the Securities may have a minimum trading number. In such cases, if, 
following the transfer of any Securities, an investor holds fewer Securities than the specified 
minimum trading number, such investor will not be permitted to transfer their remaining Securities 
prior to redemption without first purchasing enough additional Securities in order to hold the 
minimum trading number. 
1.9. 
Risks relating to regulatory action if the Issuer or the Guarantor is failing or actions taken by 
creditors in the event of insolvency 
(a) 
Risk relating to recovery and resolution proceedings 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended (the BRRD), was transposed into Luxembourg law by the Luxembourg law dated 18 
December 2015 on the failure of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the 
BRR Law). Under the BRR Law, the resolution authority is the Luxembourg financial sector 
supervisory authority (Commission de surveillance du secteur financier, the CSSF) acting as 
resolution authority. 
The BRR Law is applicable, among others, to financial institutions (within the meaning of the 
BRR Law) incorporated under Luxembourg law that are (i) subsidiaries of credit institutions or

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
certain investment firms (both within the meaning of the BRR Law) and (ii) supervised on a 
consolidated basis of their parent company (in accordance with Articles 6 to 17 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended 
(the CRR)). 
Exane Solutions Luxembourg (SA) is a financial institution established under Luxembourg law 
that is a subsidiary of Exane SA (a French investment firm), covered by its consolidated prudential 
supervision. It follows that Exane Solutions Luxembourg (SA) falls within the scope of the BRR 
Law. 
Moreover the BRRD came into force on 2 July 2014. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities 
with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing 
institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic 
functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial 
system. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited 
the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to 
be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation 
tools. These consist of public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such 
extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
The BRRD has been implemented in France and French credit institutions and investment firms 
must now comply at all times with minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
(the MREL). The MREL is expressed as a percentage of total liabilities and equity of the 
institution and aims to prevent institutions from structuring their commitments in a manner which 
could limit or prevent the effectiveness of bail-in tools. 
The impact of the BRRD and its implementing provisions on investment firms, including the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, is currently unclear but its current and future implementation and 
application to the Issuer and Guarantor, or any related actions taken, could materially affect the 
activity and financial condition of the Issuer and the value of and return on any Securities.  
The French Code monétaire et financier, as amended, also provides that in exceptional 
circumstances, where the general bail-in tool is applied, the relevant resolution authority may 
exclude or partially exclude certain liabilities from the application of the write-down or conversion 
powers, in particular where: (a) it is not possible to bail-in that liability within a reasonable time; 
(b) the exclusion is strictly necessary and is proportionate to achieve the continuity of critical 
functions and core business lines of the institution under resolution; (c) the exclusion is strictly 
necessary and proportionate to avoid giving rise to widespread contagion, which would severely 
disrupt the functioning of financial markets, including of financial market infrastructures, in a 
manner that could cause a serious disturbance to the economy of a Member State of the European 
Union or of the European Union; or (d) the ap-plication of the general bail-in tool to those 
liabilities would cause a destruction in value such that the losses borne by other creditors would be 
higher than if those liabilities were excluded from bail-in. Consequently, where the relevant 
resolution authority decides to exclude or partially exclude an eligible liability or class of eligible 
liabilities, the level of write down or con-version applied to other eligible liabilities – due to 
investors as the case may be - when not excluded, may be increased to take account of such 
exclusions. Subsequently, if the losses that would have been borne by those liabilities have not 
been passed on fully to other creditors, the French "Resolution and Deposits Guarantee Fund" 
(Fonds de garantie des dépôts et de résolution) or any other equivalent arrangement from a 
Member State, may make a contribution to the institution under resolution, under certain limits, 
including the requirement that such contribution does not exceed 5% of the global liabilities of 
such institution to (i) cover any losses which have not been absorbed by eligible liabilities and 
restore the net asset value of the institution under resolution to zero and/or (ii) purchase shares or 
other instruments of ownership or capital instruments in the institution under resolution, in order to 
recapitalise the institution. The last step - if there are losses left - would be an extraordinary public 
financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. 
Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid 
framework. An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in 
the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except 
in limited circumstances). 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. In particular, investors may be 
subject to write-down (including to zero) or conversion into equity on any application of the 
general bail-in tool (including amendment of the terms of the Securities such as a variation of their 
maturity), which may result in such investors losing some or all of their investment. The exercise 
of any power under the BRRD as applied to the Issuer and Guarantor or any suggestion of such 
exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of investors, the price or value of 
their investment in any Securities and/or the ability of the Issuer or Guarantor, as the case may be, 
to satisfy its obligations under any Securities. 
(b) 
Risk of partial or total loss in the event that the insolvency proceedings are commenced 
against the Issuer  
The Securities constitute general, unsecured contractual obligations of the Issuer. Since the Issuer. is 
registered, and has its main centre of interests in Luxembourg, insolvency proceedings involving the 
Issuer. may be subject to, and governed by, Luxembourg insolvency law.  
If the Issuer undergoes resolution proceedings or if insolvency proceedings are commenced against 
the Issuer, the rights of claim against it represented by the Securities will rank equally with claims in 
respect of all other unsubordinated and unsecured contractual obligations and behind all preferred 
obligations, including those preferred by operation of law.  
If the Issuer’s financial position deteriorates resulting in the commencement of resolution or 
insolvency proceedings against it, the Issuer may not be able to perform some or all of its payment 
obligations under the Securities and accordingly investors may lose all or some of their initial 
investment. 
 
1.10. Downgrading or withdrawal of the credit rating of the Guarantor 
Any actual or potential downgrade or withdrawal of the credit rating of the Guarantor may adversely 
affect the value of the Securities. 
1.11. Risks relating to the tax payable by a Holder, a change in the tax treatment ofthe Securities and/or 
the application of withholding tax  
(a) 
Tax payable by a Holder, or a change in the tax treatment of the Securities, may reduce the return 
on the Securities 
Investors should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp and other taxes or documentary 
charges when purchasing or selling the Securities, in accordance with the laws and practices of the 
country where the Securities are transferred or in other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no 
official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial 
instruments such as the Securities. A Holder's effective return on the Securities may therefore be 
reduced by the amount of tax owed by that Holder in connection with its investment in the 
Securities. The Issuer shall have no obligation to "gross up" payments hereunder and shall be 
entitled to reduce any amount payable by it under the Securities. 
Investors should note that it is possible that the tax regime applicable to the Securities may be 
changed in a manner not foreseeable at the time the Securities are issued. The level and basis of 
taxation on the Securities and on a Holder will depend on such Holder's individual circumstances 
and could change at any time and may have an adverse impact on the return received by such 
Holder under the Securities.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
(b) 
Payments on the Securities may be treated as "dividend equivalent" payments and subject to U.S. 
withholding tax 
Under section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and regulations 
thereunder, a payment on a financial instrument that references a US equity or an index that 
includes a U.S. equity may be treated as a "dividend equivalent" payment. Such payments 
generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. If withholding applies, the 
Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld. The relevant Final 
Terms will indicate if the Issuer has determined that a Security is subject to withholding under 
section 871(m) of the Code. Although the Issuer's determination generally is binding on Investors, 
it is not binding on the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service may 
successfully argue that payments on a Security are subject to withholding under section 871(m), 
notwithstanding the Issuer's determination to the contrary. Investors should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of section 871(m) and 
regulations thereunder, and whether payments or deemed payments on the Securities constitute 
dividend equivalent payments. 
(c) 
Payments on the Securities may be subject to withholding tax  
The amounts payable under the Securities may be subject to withholding tax which may affect the 
amounts you receive. For example, whilst it is not expected that the new reporting regime and 
potential withholding tax imposed by sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (FATCA) will affect the amount of any payment received by the relevant clearing 
system(s), it may however affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent 
payment chain leading to the ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is 
unable to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. It also may affect payment to any 
ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is not entitled to receive payments free of 
withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide its broker (or other 
custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, other 
documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA 
withholding. The Issuer's obligations under the Securities are discharged once it has made payment 
to, or to the order of, the relevant clearing system(s) and the Issuer has therefore no responsibility 
for any amount thereafter transmitted through the relevant clearing system(s) and custodians or 
intermediaries.  
Further, under the U.S. Hiring Incentives To Restore Employment Act (the HIRE Act), 
withholding tax may also be imposed on amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are 
paid or "deemed paid" under certain financial instruments provided certain conditions are met. If 
the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer, nor 
the Guarantor, nor the Pledgor, nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.  
(d) 
Financial transaction tax  
Taxes may be levied on certain financial transactions in certain jurisdictions, including the sale and 
purchase of financial instruments such as shares or securities such as the Securities. For example, 
the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial transaction 
tax (EU FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the Participating Member States). 
The European Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to 
certain dealings in Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are 
expected to be exempt. Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain 
circumstances to persons both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it 
would apply to certain dealings in Securities where at least one party is a financial institution, and 
at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or 
be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Investors should note that national financial transaction tax may already have been implemented in 
certain Participating Member States, other Participating Member States may introduce a local 
financial transaction tax if the EU FTT is not implemented or that additional EU member states 
may decide to participate if the EU FTT is agreed. 
(e) Transactions on the Securities may be subject to tax reporting obligations 
 
On 25 May 2018, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 (“DAC 6”) amending 
Directive 2011/16/EU as regards mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of 
taxation. DAC 6 imposes a reporting obligation to the relevant tax authorities on parties involved in 
cross-border arrangements that may be associated with aggressive tax planning (i.e. containing at 
least one of the hallmarks set out in Annex IV of the directive). The information must be reported 
by persons who have acted as 'intermediaries' in such transactions and, in certain cases, taxpayers 
themselves. An 'intermediary' for these purposes is defined very broadly and includes any person 
that designs, markets, organises or makes available for implementation or manages the 
implementation of a reportable cross-border arrangement, but also any person that knows or could 
be reasonably expected to know that it has undertaken to provide aid, assistance or advice with 
such reportable activities. In light of the broad scope of DAC6, the Issuer and other intermediaries 
involved in transactions on the Securities may have to report reportable cross-border arrangements 
to tax authorities. In specific cases this obligation may shift to the taxpayer. Investors who are in 
any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers in relation to the potential 
consequences of DAC 6. 
 
1.12. Foreign exchange risks 
If the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that payment under the Securities will be made in a 
currency which is different from the currency of the Underlying(s) (if any) and/or different from the 
currency of the country in which an investor is resident then, depending on the particular terms of the 
Securities, an investor may be exposed to the adverse movement of the Settlement Currency of the 
Securities relative to the currency of the Underlying(s) and/or the currency of the country in which such 
investor is resident. 
Exchange rates are determined by supply and demand factors on international foreign exchange markets, 
which are subject to economic factors, speculation and actions by governments and central banks (such as 
currency controls or restrictions) and may be highly volatile. Movements in exchange rates may not 
correlate with the performance of the Underlying(s) or other variables such as interest rates, and the 
timing of such changes may have a negative impact on the value of and return on the Securities.  
Foreign exchange fluctuations between an investor's home currency and the currency in which payment 
under the Securities is due may affect an investor where an investor intends to convert gains or losses 
from the exercise or sale of Securities into the currency of the country in which such investor is resident 
and may lead to the loss of some or all of its investment. 
1.13. In certain circumstances, the Issuer has the right to early redeem the Securities prior to scheduled 
maturity and other than on an Automatic Early Settlement Date 
The Issuer has the right to early redeem its obligations in certain circumstances set out in the terms and 
conditions of the Securities. For example, if an adjustment to the terms of the Securities following the 
occurrence of an adjustment event is not possible or for tax reasons. In such case, the Issuer will redeem 
the Securities at their fair market value i.e., in the event of an unscheduled early redemption there will be 
no right to payment of any amount provided for in the terms and conditions of the Securities to be 
calculated on the basis of a redemption formula at the end of the term. Investors should note that, such 
amount may be zero in the worst case, i.e., the investor may suffer a total loss of the capital invested. 
In the case of an unscheduled early redemption, the investor may only be able to reinvest the amount to 
be paid by the Issuer on less favourable market terms compared with those existing when the Security 
was purchased. 
In addition, investors that choose to reinvest money they receive through an early settlement may be able 
to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the Securities.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
1.14. Information may change during the offer period prior to the Issue Date 
In certain circumstances at the commencement of an offer period in respect of Securities but prior to the 
issue date of such Securities certain specific information (specifically the issue price, fixed rate of 
interest, minimum and/or maximum rate of interest payable, the margin applied to the floating rate of 
interest payable, and/or other various parameters applicable to the interest or final pay off formula) may 
not be known. In these circumstances the Final Terms will specify in place of the relevant rate, level or 
percentage, as applicable, an indicative range of rates, levels or percentages. The actual issue price, rate, 
level or percentage, as applicable, applicable to the Securities will be selected by the Issuer from within 
the range and will be notified to investors prior to the Issue Date, and may be less than the maximum 
price, rate, level or percentage or greater than the minimum price, rate, level or percentage indicated. 
1.15. Deduction of Unwind Costs  
If Unwind Costs are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the amount(s) payable under the 
Securities may be reduced by an amount determined by the Calculation Agent and equal to the sum of the 
expenses and costs to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying and/or hedging and funding arrangements 
relating to the Securities.  
 
2. 
Risks relating to certain types of Securities 
2.1. 
Risks associated with Warrants 
(a) 
Limitations on exercise of Warrants may prevent and delay investor from exercising their 
desired amount  
If so indicated in the Final Terms, the Issuer will have the option to limit the number of Warrants 
exercisable on any date (other than the final exercise date) to the maximum number specified in 
the Final Terms and, in conjunction with such limitation, to limit the number of Warrants 
exercisable by any person or group of persons (whether or not acting in concert) on such date. If 
the total number of Warrants exercised on any date (other than the final exercise date) exceeds 
such maximum number and the Issuer elects to limit the number of Warrants exercisable on such 
date, an investor may not be able to exercise on such date all the Warrants that such investor 
desires to exercise. In any such case, the number of Warrants to be exercised on such date will be 
reduced until the total number of Warrants exercised on such date no longer exceeds such 
maximum, such Warrants being selected at the discretion of the Issuer. The Warrants tendered for 
exercise but not exercised on such date will be automatically exercised on the next date on which 
Warrants may be exercised, subject to the same daily maximum limitation and delayed exercise 
provisions. 
(b) 
Minimum Exercise Number of Warrants may increase investor's transaction costs 
If so indicated in the Final Terms, an investor must tender or, in the case of automatic exercise, 
hold, a specified number of Warrants at any one time in order to exercise. Thus, investors with 
fewer than the specified minimum number of Warrants will either have to sell their Warrants or 
purchase additional Warrants, incurring transaction costs in each case, in order to realise their 
investment. Furthermore, investors in such Warrants incur the risk that there may be differences 
between the trading price of such Warrants and the Cash Settled Warrant Amount (in the case of 
Cash Settled Warrants) or the amount of the Entitlement (in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants) of such Warrants. 
(c) 
Time lag after exercise of Warrants may reduce value to zero 
There will be a time lag between the time an investor gives instructions to exercise and the time 
the applicable Cash Settled Warrant Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) relating to 
such exercise is determined. Any such delay between the time of exercise and the determination of 
the Cash Settled Warrant Amount will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable 
Conditions. However, such delay could be significantly longer, particularly in the case of a delay 
in the exercise of Warrants arising from any daily maximum exercise limitation, the occurrence of 
a Market Disruption Event or the failure to open of an exchange (if applicable) or following the 
imposition of any exchange controls or other similar regulations affecting the ability to obtain or

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
exchange any relevant currency (or basket of currencies) in the case of Warrant linked to a 
Currency. The applicable Cash Settled Warrant Amount may change significantly during any such 
period, and such movement or movements could decrease the Cash Settled Warrant Amount of the 
relevant Warrants, and may result in such Cash Settled Warrant Amount being zero. 
(d) 
Specific risks relating to Credit Linked Warrants 
Credit Linked Warrants relate to the creditworthiness of the relevant Entity or Reference Entities. 
Investors should be aware that Credit Linked Warrants may differ from ordinary debt securities 
issued by the Issuer in that the exercise of such Warrants and/or the settlement amount (which may 
never be less than zero) to which the investor is entitled in relation to each such Warrant depend 
on the occurrence of a Credit Event relating to one or more Reference Entities and, in the case of 
Index linked Credit Linked Warrants, the occurrence of certain other events. The likelihood of a 
Credit Event occurring in respect of any Reference Entity will generally fluctuate with, among 
other things, the financial condition and/or other characteristics of such Reference Entity, general 
economic conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, political events, developments or 
trends in particular industries and changes in prevailing interest and/or exchange rates. Prospective 
investors should review the Reference Entity/ies and conduct their own investigation and analysis 
with respect to the creditworthiness of each Reference Entity and the likelihood of the occurrence 
of a Credit Event with respect to each Reference Entity. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the provisions relating to Risk Factor 2.8 (Risks associated with 
Credit Linked Notes) above shall apply to Credit Linked Warrants, provided that each reference to 
"CLNs" shall be deemed to be replaced by "Credit Linked Warrants" and that Credit Linked 
Warrants do not bear or pay interest. 
Credit Linked Warrants may be automatically exercised upon the Issuer's election to give a Credit 
Event Notice following the occurrence of a Credit Event or in certain other circumstances as 
described herein. The Final Settlement Amount may be substantially less in value than the 
Nominal Value of the Credit Linked Warrants and may in certain circumstances, be zero. Upon 
any automatic exercise of the Credit Linked Warrants, the investors in each Credit Linked Warrant 
will be entitled to receive a settlement amount calculated in accordance with the Conditions. 
Accordingly, investors may lose some or all of their investment in the Securities. 
2.2. 
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Securities 
Investors in Fixed Rate Securities are exposed to the risk of subsequent changes in interest rates 
that may adversely affect the value of their Securities. 
2.3. 
Risks relating to Securities which are linked to a floating rate of interest or to a swap rate 
and/or to a "benchmark" index 
(a) 
The yield on Floating Rate Securities cannot be determined in advance and may be 
less than a comparable investment in a fixed rate security  
A key difference between Floating Rate Securities and Fixed Rate Securities is that interest 
income on Floating Rate Securities cannot be determined in advance. Due to varying 
interest income, it is not possible to determine precisely the yield on Floating Rate 
Securities at the time of investment, so that an investor's yield on investment cannot be 
compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the terms and 
conditions of the Securities provide for frequent interest payment dates, an investor will be 
exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline; this is because the investor 
may only be able to reinvest the interest income at the relevant interest rates then 
prevailing, which may be lower. 
(b) 
Risks relating to Fixed/Floating Rate Securities 
Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may bear interest at a fixed rate which the Issuer may elect 
to convert into a floating rate or at a floating rate which the Issuer may elect to convert into 
a fixed rate. The existence of this conversion option may affect the secondary market in, or 
the market value of, the Securities to the extent that the Issuer may elect to convert the rate 
when this will enable it to reduce its actual and/or anticipated overall borrowing costs. If 
the Issuer converts a fixed-rate into a floating rate, the rate spread on Fixed/Floating Rate

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Securities may be less favourable than spreads on Floating Rate Securities with the same 
benchmark rate. Furthermore, the new floating rate may be lower at any time than the 
interest rate on its other Securities. If the Issuer converts a floating rate into a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than the rates payable under other securities. 
(c) 
The regulation and reform of certain published rates, indices, and other values or 
"benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities linked to 
such values or benchmarks 
A number of major interest rates, other rates, indices and other published values or 
benchmarks are the subject of national and international regulatory reforms. These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities linked to any such value or 
benchmark. 
(i) 
The Benchmark Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the 
"Benchmark Regulation") is a key element of ongoing regulatory reform in the EU 
and has applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, since 1 January 2018. In 
addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, other 
interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and 
"proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases be within scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the 
amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial instruments (including 
Securities listed on an EU regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility 
(MTF)), and in a number of other circumstances. 
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, 
the administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst 
other things, the Benchmark Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered as such and to comply with extensive requirements relating 
to benchmark administration. It also prohibits certain uses by EU supervised entities 
of (a) benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are not authorised or 
registered in accordance with the Benchmark Regulation and (b) benchmarks 
provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime 
has not been determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator 
has not been recognised in accordance with the Benchmark Regulation, and (iii) the 
benchmark has not been endorsed in accordance with the Benchmark Regulation. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on Securities linked to a 
'benchmark'. For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a 'benchmark' may not be used in certain ways by an 
EU supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration (or, if a non-EU 
entity, does not satisfy the 'equivalence' conditions and is not 'recognised' 
pending an equivalence decision); and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order 
to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes 
could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of the 
published rate or level, and (depending on the terms of the particular 
Securities) could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Securities, including 
potentially determination by the Calculation Agent of the rate or level in its 
discretion. 
(ii) 
Reform and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Amongst other developments, relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the 
transition away from Interbank Offered Rates (IBORs), such as LIBOR and 
EURIBOR, and have identified "risk free rates" to eventually take the place of such 
IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), so that SONIA may be established as 
the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021, (ii) for EONIA and 
EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate (ESTER) as the new euro risk- free rate, 
(iii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) to be 
eventually established as the primary US dollar interest rate benchmark and (iv) for 
CHF LIBOR, the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight SARON). The risk free rates 
have a different methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they 
will eventually replace and have little, if any, historical track record. It is not known 
whether certain IBORs will continue long-term in their current form. 
The reforms and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk free rates may cause the 
relevant IBOR to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. The replacement risk free rate may 
have little, if any, historical track record and may be subject to changes in its 
methodology. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on Securities linked to any such rates. 
Investors in Securities referencing LIBOR or EURIBOR as an underlying Reference 
Rate or a floating rate of interest face the risk that such rate will be discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable during the term of their Securities, in which case the rate of 
interest on the Securities will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back 
provisions applicable to the Securities. This may in certain circumstances result in 
(i) the application of a backward looking, risk free overnight rate, whereas the 
LIBOR or EURIBOR rate is expressed on the basis of a forward looking term and 
includes a risk element based on inter bank lending, (ii) result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period 
when LIBOR or EURIBOR was available, or (iii) be determined by reference to an 
alternative rate selected by an institution with authority consistent with industry 
accepted standards or, in the absence of such alternative rate, by a third party agent 
appointed by the Calculation Agent. As the replacement rate will not be identical to 
the original rate (and may not be comparable), any of the foregoing circumstances 
could have a significant adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the 
Securities. In addition, any Holders of such Securities that enter into hedging 
instruments based on the original replacement reference rate may find their hedges 
to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments 
tied to the new replacement reference rate. 
2.4. 
Risks relating to Securities that are physically settled 
Where Physical Settlement is applicable, investors must give certain notices and take such other steps as 
are specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer shall not be liable under any circumstances if it is not able to 
deliver, or procure delivery, to the relevant investor by reason of such laws, regulations and practices. In 
certain circumstances, if Physical Settlement is impossible or illegal, then the Issuer may fall back to 
Cash Settlement pursuant to the Conditions. 
Each investor must be advised that, if the Securities are redeemable by Physical Settlement (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), it shall be deemed to have acknowledged its understanding and acceptance 
of such mode of delivery and to have carried out such steps as are necessary and not to have relied on any 
statement of the Issuer or any of its Agents, or the relevant Dealer in relation thereto. In particular, the 
Issuer and each of its Agents shall not under any circumstances be responsible for verifying the capacity 
and power of any Holder to obtain settlement of its Securities by Physical Settlement and the Holder shall 
be fully liable for any consequences that may arise due to the Physical Settlement or, as the case may be, 
the non-delivery as a result of the Holder not having the required power and capacity to take delivery.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
If an investor's Securities are subject to Physical Settlement, the investor must pay all expenses relating to 
delivery of such Securities, including expenses, costs, charges, levies, tax, duties, withholding, deductions 
or other payments including without limitation, all depository, custodial, registration, transaction and 
exercise charges and all stamp, issues, registration or, securities transfer or other similar taxes or duties 
incurred on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities and/or the 
delivery of the Underlying(s).  
2.5. 
Risks relating to Dual Currency Securities  
The Issuer may issue Dual Currency Securities where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are 
dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which 
may be different from the currency in which the Securities are denominated. Accordingly an investment 
in Dual Currency Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct foreign exchange investment and 
fluctuations in exchange rates will affect the value of Dual Currency Securities. See Risk Factor 1.12 
(Foreign exchange risks) for risks relating to exchange rates generally. 
Potential investors in any such Securities should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Dual 
Currency Securities, (a) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (b) payment of principal or 
interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected and (c) they may lose a 
substantial portion of their investment. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates may be subject 
to significant fluctuations that may or may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and 
the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may 
depend upon the time remaining to the relevant redemption date and the realised and/or market implied 
volatility of currency exchange rates. 
2.6. 
Risks relating to Zero Coupon Securities 
The prices at which Zero Coupon Securities are issued are at a substantial discount from the principal 
amount payable at maturity. The price of Zero Coupon Securities in the secondary markets will tend to 
fluctuate more in relation than prices of conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.  
2.7. 
Risks relating to perpetual Certificates 
The Issuer may issue perpetual Certificates which have no fixed maturity date. The term of perpetual 
Certificates will depend on a settlement option at the Issuer's discretion, if any, or on a settlement option 
at the investor's discretion, if any. If the term of such Certificates depend on a settlement option at the 
Issuer's discretion and there is no secondary market for such Certificate, investors will not be able to sell 
the Certificates. 
2.8. 
Risks associated with Credit Linked Notes 
An investment in Credit Linked Securities (CLNs) entails significant risks in addition to those associated 
with investments in a conventional debt security, including those described below. 
(a) 
CLNs are exposed to the credit risk of the Reference Entity 
CLNs are linked to the creditworthiness of the relevant Reference Entity/ies. Investors should note 
that CLNs differ from ordinary debt securities issued by the Issuer in that the amount of principal 
and interest (if any) payable by the Issuer is dependent on whether a Credit Event has occurred in 
respect of one or more Reference Entity/ies.  
In certain circumstances, the CLNs will cease to bear interest (if any) and the value paid to 
investors on settlement may be less than their original investment and may in certain 
circumstances be equal to zero. The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring in respect of any 
Reference Entity will generally fluctuate with, among other things, the financial condition and/or 
other characteristics of such Reference Entity, general economic conditions, the condition of 
certain financial markets, political events, developments or trends in particular industries and 
changes in prevailing interest and/or exchange rates. Prospective investors should review the 
Reference Entity/ies and conduct their own investigation and analysis with respect to the 
creditworthiness of each Reference Entity and the likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event 
with respect to each Reference Entity.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Upon the occurrence of any of the default events comprising a Credit Event with respect to any 
Reference Entity, the Holders may suffer significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered 
by a direct investor in obligations of such Reference Entity. However, the holding of a CLN is 
unlikely to lead to outcomes which exactly reflect the impact of investing in an obligation of a 
Reference Entity, and losses could be considerably greater than would be suffered by a direct 
investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to such 
Reference Entity. Holders should also note that a Credit Event may occur in the event that the 
obligations of a Reference Entity are unenforceable or their performance is prohibited by any 
applicable law or exchange controls. 
Where Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result 
in a settlement of the CLNs in a reduced settlement amount or at zero, and, (if applicable) in a 
reduction of the amount on which interest is calculated. Where Physical Settlement applies, the 
occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the settlement of the CLNs based on the valuation (or 
by delivery) of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected Reference Entity, which 
obligations are likely to have a market value which is substantially less than their par amount. 
The risk of default of the Reference Entity, the Issuer and the Guarantor may be correlated in that 
adverse economic factors which apply to one may apply to the others, or the default or decline in 
the creditworthiness of one may itself adversely affect the others. Such risks may be particularly 
significant where the Reference Entity, the Issuer and the Guarantor are concentrated in a 
particular industry sector or geographical region. 
(b) 
The value of a Reference Obligation will be affected by illiquidity  
Any quotations used in the calculation of a settlement amount may vary widely from dealer to 
dealer and substantially between Valuation Dates (if Multiple Valuation Dates apply). The 
Obligations selected, even in the absence of a Credit Event, may be illiquid and such illiquidity 
should be expected to be more pronounced following the occurrence of a Credit Event, thereby 
adversely affecting any determination of the value of such Obligation which in turn will impact the 
amount by which the aggregate Nominal Value of the CLNs may be reduced. The Calculation 
Agent is entitled to select the Obligation which has the lowest value in the market provided such 
Obligation qualifies as a Reference Obligation for the purposes of calculating the amount by which 
the aggregate Nominal Value of the CLNs is reduced following a Credit Event. 
Reference Obligations may have no, or only a limited, trading market, depending on the liquidity 
of loan and debt instrument markets, general market conditions, domestic and international 
political events, developments or trends in particular industries and the financial condition of the 
relevant Reference Entity/ies and restrictions on transfers. Periods of high volatility and reduced 
liquidity may have adverse effects on the market value of the relevant Reference Obligation(s). If a 
Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity occurs, any resulting decrease in market value of the 
related Reference Obligation(s) could be further magnified by reason of such limited liquidity for 
Reference Obligation(s) generally or the Reference Obligation(s) in particular. 
(c) 
Redemption of the Securities may be deferred even where no Credit Event Determination 
Date occurs 
In certain circumstances, the redemption of the Securities may be postponed beyond the Scheduled 
Maturity Date even if no Credit Event Determination Date actually occurs. The period of such 
deferral may be substantial. Even where a Credit Event Determination Date does not occur, 
interest payable to investors for the period following the Scheduled Maturity Date may be 
substantially lower than any interest rate applicable to the Securities prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(d) 
A Credit Event may occur prior to the Trade Date 
Investors in CLNs may suffer a loss of some or all of the redemption amount of the CLNs in 
respect of one or more Credit Events that occur prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date, if the 
Credit Event Backstop Date is specified as a date falling prior to such date. Accordingly, the 
investors will be exposed to the risk of the occurrence of any Credit Event after the applicable 
Credit Event Backstop Date even if it occurs prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date. If the 
Reference Entity suffers a Credit Event prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date (or if the Credit

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Event Backstop Date is specified as a date falling on or after the Trade Date or the Issue Date, on 
or after such date), and a Credit Event Notice, and a Notice of Publicly Available Information (if 
applicable) are properly delivered, such CLNs will be subject to exercise, at or shortly after the 
Issue Date. It is possible that no interest will accrue on such CLNs.  
 (e) 
Auction Settlement 
Where the Settlement Amount is calculated using the Auction Final Price, credit losses will be 
determined on the basis of a market auction; such losses may be greater than the losses which 
would have been determined in the absence of such auction. The auction process may be affected 
by technical factors or operational errors which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject 
of actual or attempted manipulation. The Calculation Agent or the Issuer or any of their respective 
Affiliates thereof may participate in any auction without regard to the interests of the investors. 
Such participation may have a material effect on the outcome of the relevant auction and may 
adversely affect the Settlement Amount.  
The Auction Final Price determined pursuant to an auction may be less than the market value that 
would otherwise have been determined in respect of the relevant Reference Obligation. The Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the investors may have little or no influence in the outcome of any such auction. 
(f) 
Risks associated with Tranched Credit Securities and Nth-to-Default Notes 
Nth-to-Default CLN create leveraged exposure to the credit risk of Reference Entities as the 
investors can lose a significant part or the totality of their investment as soon as one Reference 
Entity has been subject to a Credit Event. 
Tranched CLNs create leveraged exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entities as the 
implicit portfolio size or size of the aggregate notional amount of the Reference Portfolio may be 
significantly larger than the aggregate nominal or notional amount of the CLNs.  
Investors can lose a significant part or all of their investment even if a Credit Event occurs in 
respect of one of the Reference Entities comprising the Reference Portfolio. The value of the 
Tranched CLN may be more volatile and credit losses in respect of the Tranched CLN may be 
greater than would be the case in the absence of such leverage. The value of the Tranched CLN 
may also be adversely affected by changes in the relative value of different tranches of credit risk 
on the Reference Portfolio. Such relative value changes may occur as a result of, without 
limitation, changes in assumptions by market participants to model the credit risk of the Reference 
Portfolio, correlation between the Reference Entities, as well as changes in the supply and demand 
for credit protection in relation to each Reference Entity.  
(g) 
Early Settlement of the CLNs may affect the yield on the CLNs and result in substantial 
losses to investors  
The CLNs will be redeemed prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date upon the Issuer's election to give 
a Credit Event Notice following the occurrence of a Credit Event or in certain other circumstances 
as described herein. The Final Settlement Amount may be substantially less in value than the 
Nominal Value of a CLN and may in certain circumstances, be zero. Upon any early settlement of 
the CLNs, the CLNs will be redeemed early at the settlement amount calculated in accordance 
with the Conditions. CLNs are only suitable as an investment for investors who are able and 
willing to withstand a total or partial loss of their investment. 
 (h) 
Discretion of the Issuer and Calculation Agent 
Each of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent in exercising its rights and discretions related to the 
CLNs (including but not limited to the determinations relating to any Credit Event, Succession 
Event or the right to select obligations of an affected Reference Entity) may rely on the 
determinations of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (as established by ISDA for 
the purposes of making certain determinations in connection with credit derivative transactions). 
The exercise of such rights in such manner, for example by the selection of the eligible obligations 
of the Reference Entity having the lowest possible market value for valuation may result in an 
increased credit loss for investors in CLNs. The exercise of such discretion by the Issuer or 
Calculation Agent could adversely affect (i) the value of the amount in cash, if any, which will be

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
paid in respect of any CLNs on the applicable settlement date; if any, or (ii) the market value of 
the portfolio of obligations the Issuer will Deliver. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding on the investors. In performing its duties, the Calculation Agent shall act in its 
sole and absolute discretion and is under no obligation to act in the interests of the investors, nor 
will it be liable to account for any profit or other benefit which may accrue to it as a result of such 
determinations. The Calculation Agent is not bound to follow, or act in accordance with, any 
determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
The maturity date of the CLNs may be extended and/or the amount of interest payable in respect of 
each CLN may be modified, in each case by the Calculation Agent to take into account any 
resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or any decision of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee not to resolve any particular issue. If the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates thereof serve as a member of an Adjustments 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee at any time, it will act without regard to the interests 
of the investors.  
(i) 
Role of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Investors should note that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the power to 
make binding decisions on critical issues such as whether a Credit Event has occurred, which 
obligations are to be valued and whether an auction should take place. Consequently, payments on 
the CLNs and the timing of any such payments may be affected by any such relevant decisions if 
Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method for a series of Securities in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Investors (in their capacity as holders of the Securities) will not be able to refer questions to the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. Investors will have no role in the composition of 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. Investors will have no recourse against either 
the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or the external 
reviewers. Investors are exclusively responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
(j) 
Time limits in determining a Credit Event or succession 
In respect of a Credit Event relating to a series of Securities, a Credit Event may not be triggered 
unless a request is submitted to ISDA for the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee to consider whether the relevant event constitutes a Credit Event within 60 calendar 
days of the occurrence of such potential Credit Event unless a Credit Event Determination Date 
has already occurred with respect to such event. 
For the purposes of the succession provisions the look-back period is 90 calendar days and 
functions similarly. These provisions mean that there is a time limit on the ability to act on a Credit 
Event or succession and that it is possible that the Securities could be affected by a Credit Event or 
succession that took place prior to the Trade Date. See Risk Factor 2.8 (d) (A Credit Event may 
occur prior to the Trade Date). 
2.9. 
 Risks associated with Hybrid Securities 
Hybrid Securities are Securities which are both credit-linked and underlying-linked with the Nominal 
Value being linked to one or more Reference Entities and to one or more Underlying(s). Return on an 
investor's investment depends not only on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Reference Entities 
but also on the creditworthiness of the issuer or obligor of the Underlying(s) and the performance of the 
Underlying(s). Amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid 
Securities are, without limitation, dependent on whether (i) a Credit Event has occurred in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity(ies) and (ii) certain other events have occurred.  
The specific risks associated with Hybrid Securities include, among other things, the possibility that: 
(a)  
the occurrence of one or more Credit Events which may result in the reduction of the Nominal 
Value of the Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities and the amount and timing of 
principal and non-principal amounts payable in respect of the Hybrid Securities as a whole;

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
(b)  
the occurrence of one or more Events which may result in a reduction in, and a change in timing in 
payment of, amounts payable in respect of the Hybrid Securities; 
(c)  
the Underlying(s) may be subject to significant price changes which will affect the amounts 
payable in respect of the Underlying Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities and/or amounts 
payable in respect of the Hybrid Securities as a whole; 
(d)  
the repayment of principal and the payment of interest or other non-principal amounts can occur at 
times and in amounts other than those anticipated by the Holder of a Hybrid Security; 
(e)  
any Hybrid Security that is indexed to more than one Reference Entity, Underlying or to formulas 
that encompass the risks associated with more than one type of asset, is likely to carry levels of 
risk that are greater than those linked to the Securities that are indexed to only one Reference 
Entity or one single type of Underlying; and 
(f)  
it may not be possible for investors to hedge their general exposure to the risks relating to the 
Hybrid Securities or any exposure to any specific risk relating to the Hybrid Securities. 
The risks of investing in the Hybrid Securities also encompass the risks relating to the Reference Entities, 
the Underlying(s), the issuers and obligors in respect thereof, and investors should consider the risks 
described in Risk Factor 2.8 (Risks associated with Credit Linked Notes) and the relevant risks relating to 
the relevant Underlying(s) described "Risks associated with specific types of Underlyings". 
In addition, the value of the Hybrid Securities is subject to greater levels of risk than the value of other 
securities. The secondary market, if any, for the Hybrid Securities may be affected by a number of 
factors, independent of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and Reference Entities and the value of the 
applicable Underlying(s), including the realised and/or market implied volatility of the Underlying(s), the 
time remaining to the maturity of such Hybrid Securities, the amount outstanding of such Hybrid 
Securities and market interest and /or exchange rates. The value of the applicable Underlying(s) and the 
likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event depend on a number of inter-related factors, including 
economic, financial and political events which are beyond the control of the Issuer. 
3. 
Risks relating to certain features of the Securities 
3.1. 
Securities which include a leverage factor involve a higher level of risk 
If the Securities include a leverage factor of greater than one, the exposure to the Securities to the 
performance of the Underlying(s) will be increased, and accordingly both profits and losses will be 
amplified. The use of leverage may lead to amplified losses if the Underlying(s) perform against 
expectations. Investors in Securities which include a leverage factor should be aware that such Securities 
involve a higher level of risk and, in the event of the Underlying(s) perform against expectations, such 
losses will be higher than those of a similar security which does not have a leverage factor. 
3.2. 
Automatic early settlement of the Securities 
Any automatic early settlement of the Securities could cause the return anticipated by Holders to be 
considerably less than anticipated. In addition, investors who choose to reinvest money they receive 
through an automatic early settlement may only be able to do so in securities with a lower yield than the 
Securities.  
In the case of Securities that include an automatic early settlement feature, the longer the time remaining 
until the scheduled maturity date of the Securities, the higher the probability that an event triggering the 
automatic early settlement of the Securities will occur. In the event that the relevant level, value or price 
of the relevant Underlying(s) approaches the level that triggers the automatic early settlement of the 
Securities, the investor may not be able to sell the Securities in the secondary market (if applicable) 
before the occurrence of such event. 
3.3. 
Option Threshold Trigger  
In respect of certain issues where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities may be 
redeemed early in the event that the outstanding nominal amount falls below the Option Threshold 
Trigger stipulated in the applicable Final Terms. This could lead to investors receiving a settlement

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
amount earlier than had been anticipated in circumstances over which the investors have no control and 
may adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
3.4. 
Securities subject to a cap  
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that the amount payable or Underlying(s) 
deliverable is subject to a pre-defined cap, the investor's ability to participate in any positive change in the 
value of the Underlying(s) will be limited, no matter how much the level, price or other value of the 
Underlying(s) rises above the cap level over the life of the Securities. Accordingly, the value of or return 
on the Securities may be significantly less than if the investor had purchased the Underlying(s) directly.  
3.5. 
"Worst of" performance 
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities include a "worst-of" feature, investors will be exposed to 
the performance of the Underlying which has the worst performance, rather than the basket as a whole. 
This means that, regardless of how the other Underlying(s) perform, if the worst performing Underlying 
in the basket fails to meet a relevant threshold or barrier for the payment of interest or the calculation of 
any redemption amount, investors might receive no interest payments or return on their initial investment 
and they could lose some or all of their investment.  
 
3.6. 
Settlement option at the Issuer's discretion (call option) 
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that the Issuer has the right to call for the early 
redemption or termination of the Securities, following any such exercise by the Issuer, the return received 
by investors may be considerably less than anticipated and/or the investor will lose the opportunity to 
participate any further in the performance of the Underlying(s) through the Securities. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those Securities 
generally will not rise above the price at which they can be redeemed., and this also may be the case prior 
to the beginning of any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Securities. At those times, generally investors would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Investors should consider such reinvestment risk in 
light of other available investments at the time of purchase of the Securities. 
3.7. 
"Conditional" feature  
If the Securities include a "conditional" feature, amounts will only be paid if the level, price or other 
applicable value of the Underlying(s) on the relevant valuation date(s) either reaches or crosses one or 
more specific barrier(s). It is possible that such level, price or other applicable value of the Underlying(s) 
on the relevant valuation date(s) will not either reach or cross the barrier(s) (as applicable), and therefore, 
no coupon will be payable on the relevant coupon payment date. This means that the amount of amount(s) 
payable to an investor will vary and may be zero. 
3.8. 
"Memory" or "Tempo" feature  
If the Securities include a "memory" or "tempo" feature, the payment of coupon will be conditional on the 
value or performance of the Underlying(s). The coupon amount payable will be zero on a coupon 
payment date if the Underlying(s) does not perform in accordance with the terms of the Securities 
although such payment will be deferred to the next coupon payment date. If the Underlying(s) meets the 
performance criteria, the coupon payable will be an amount for the current coupon payment date plus any 
amounts deferred from previous coupon payment dates where coupon was not paid. Investors will not be 
paid any coupon or other allowance for the deferred payments of coupon and it is possible that the 
Underlying(s) never meets the performance criteria, meaning that investors will not receive any coupon at 
all for the term of the Securities. 
3.9. 
"Barrier" feature

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
If the calculation of any amount payable depends on the level, value or price of the Underlying(s) 
reaching or crossing a "barrier" during a specified period or specified dates during the term of the 
Securities, such amount may alter dramatically depending on whether the barrier is reached or crossed (as 
applicable). This means that the investor may receive less (or, in certain cases, more) if the level, value or 
price of the Underlying(s) crosses or reaches (as applicable) a barrier, than if it comes close to the barrier 
but does not reach or cross it (as applicable), and in certain cases the investor might receive no payments 
and/or could lose some or all of its investment. 
3.10. Redemption amount may depend only on the final performance  
If the Securities determine the redemption amount based on the performance of the Underlying(s) as at a 
single final valuation date only (rather than in respect of multiple periods throughout the term of the 
Securities) then the investor may not benefit from any movement in level, value or price of the 
Underlying(s) during the term of the Securities that is not reflected in the final performance. 
3.11. Averaging 
If so provided in the applicable terms and conditions of the Securities, the amount payable (or 
deliverable) on the Securities (whether at maturity or otherwise) may be based on the arithmetic average 
of the applicable levels, prices, rates or other applicable values of the Underlying(s) on each of the 
specified averaging dates, and not the simple performance of the Underlying(s) over the term of the 
Securities. In such case, if (for example) the applicable level, price, rate or other applicable value of the 
particular Underlying(s) dramatically surged on the last of the averaging dates, the amount payable on the 
Securities may be significantly less than it would have been had the amount payable been linked only to 
the applicable level, price, rate or other applicable value of the particular Underlying(s) on that last 
averaging date. 
3.12. Specific risks in relation to Securities linked to a Basket of Multi Underlyings  
Securities linked to a Basket of Multi Underlyings provide exposure to a basket of several types of 
Underlyings (the Basket). The Basket may include Shares, Indices, Fund Units, Futures Contracts, 
Exchange Rates, Reference Rates, Debt Securities, Listed Options and/or Commodities (the Basket 
Components). The value of the Securities may fluctuate up or down depending on the performance of the 
Basket Components. Consequently, prospective investors, when considering investing in Securities linked 
to a Basket of Multi Underlyings, should also consider the risk factors linked to the Basket Components. 
The amount payable or the assets deliverable, as the case may be, in respect of the Securities will be 
affected by changes in the value of the different components in the Basket to which the relevant Securities 
relates. This value may be affected by (a) the economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any Basket Component 
included the Basket may be traded, and (b) the risks relating to the relevant types of Underlying(s) as 
described in "Risks associated with specific types of Underlyings". 
In addition there may be correlation between price movements of one Basket Component and the price 
movements of another Basket Component in the Basket that may have a negative impact on the value of 
the Basket. As such, the value of the Securities can therefore be volatile and this may result in investors 
losing all, or a substantial part, of their investment. 
In addition, Securities linked to a Basket of Multi Underlyings may be subject to a number of costs which 
would negatively impact the value of and return the Securities. 
4. 
Risks relating to Securities which are linked to one or more Underlying(s) generally 
4.1. 
The value of and return on the Securities will depend on the performance of the Underlying(s) 
Securities linked to one or more Underlyings provide for amounts payable (in principal and/or interest) or 
deliverable to be calculated by reference to the price, level or value of the relevant Underlying(s). The 
value of and return on the Securities will depend on the performance of the Underlying(s) on one or more 
specified dates. 
The economic relationship between the value of and return on the Securities and the performance of the 
Underlying(s) may not be clear and may change over time and be affected by other factors. Investors 
should be aware that there may not be a direct relationship between the market value of the Securities and

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
the current price of the relevant Underlying(s) since the market value of the Securities may also be 
affected by factors other than the current price of the relevant Underlying(s), such as volatility of such 
Underlying(s), dividend payments or movements in the general interest rates etc. Therefore, positive 
changes in the price of the relevant Underlying(s) do not necessarily lead to a change in the market value 
of the Security which is positive for the investor. A depreciation of the Security moreover may even occur 
if the relevant price of the relevant Underlying(s) remains constant. Investors should note that changes in 
the price of the relevant Underlying(s) (or even a situation where an expected price change does not 
occur) can reduce the value of the Securities to a disproportionately high extent and even render them 
worthless, unless the Securities provide for payment of a scheduled minimum redemption amount. In 
particular, investors should not assume that the price of the Securities will recover in time in view of the 
term of the Securities, which may be limited. 
4.2. 
Hedging arrangements 
The Issuer will often enter into hedging arrangements to gain exposure to the Underlying(s). Potential 
investors must be aware that they are exposed, under the terms of Securities linked to Underlyings, to the 
performance of such hedging contracts and to events that may affect such hedging contracts. Such events 
may include events which result in the Issuer incurring material costs for performing its obligations under 
the Securities due to a change in applicable law or regulation, or the inability of the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates to maintain or enter into hedging arrangements in respect of the Underlying(s) and the 
Securities. If such events occur, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the settlement, payment 
or other terms of the Securities (without the consent of the Holders), which may have an adverse effect on 
the value of and return on the Securities.  
4.3. 
The past performance of an Underlying is not a reliable indicator of future performance 
 
Any information about the past performance of an Underlying at the time of the issuance of the Securities 
may not be a reliable indicator of the range of, or trends in, fluctuations in such Underlying that may 
occur in the future. The level, price or other value of an Underlying (and of components included in such 
Underlying, if any) may go down as well as up throughout the term of the Securities. Such fluctuations 
may affect the value of and return on the Securities. There can be no assurance as to the future 
performance or movement of any Underlying. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Securities. 
4.4. 
Non-trading days or Market Disruption Events or Disruption Events may adversely affect the value 
of and return on the Securities 
If a scheduled date on which the level of an Underlying is observed or determined falls on a day which is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying or a is not a day on which price, level or value of such 
Underlying is schedule to be made available, then the relevant date may be postponed for such 
Underlying. 
Further, if the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event or other disruption event, as 
the case may be, in relation to an Underlying has occurred which affects the observation or determination 
of the level of such Underlying on any relevant day, then the relevant date may be postponed or the 
Calculation Agent may determine the price or level of such Underlying using one or more alternative 
provisions, or may ultimately determine the price or level of such Underlying in its discretion.  
Any such postponement and/or alternative determination of the price, level or value of an Underlying 
may adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities. In the event that one or more scheduled 
dates on which the price, level or value of an Underlying is observed or determined are postponed, the 
scheduled Maturity Date or other relevant payment date may also be postponed. 
4.5. 
Investors have no claim against or interest in any Underlying(s)  
The Securities are unsecured, and the Issuer has no obligation to hold the Underlying(s). Investors will 
not have any legal or beneficial rights of ownership in the Underlying(s). For example, where the 
Underlying(s) is a share, investors will have no voting rights, no rights to receive dividends or other 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the Underlying(s). In addition, investors will have no 
claim against any share issuer, index sponsor, fund issuer, fund sponsor, or any other third party in 
relation to an Underlying(s); such parties have no obligation to act in investors' interests. Accordingly,

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
investors in the Securities may receive a lower return on the Securities than they would have received had 
they invested directly in the Underlying(s). 
4.6. 
Investors in listed Securities or in Securities linked to one or more listed Underlyings are exposed to 
the risk that the Security or Underlying(s) could be delisted or suspended from trading, and this 
might have an adverse effect on the value of the Security  
It is possible that during the term of the Securities, an Underlying is de-listed or suspended from trading 
on the relevant exchange, reference market or quotation system for reasons not attributable to the Issuer. 
In such case, the Calculation Agent has discretion to make adjustments to the terms of the Securities, or 
may substitute the Underlying with a replacement (if applicable) or may early redeem the Securities, and 
this may adversely affect on the value of and return on the Securities.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
5. 
Risks related to the Underlying(s) of the Securities  
5.1. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are shares (including depositary 
receipts and ETFs) 
(a) Factor affecting the performance of the Underlying Share(s) may adversely affect the value 
of the Securities  
The Issuer may issue Securities whose amount of principal and/or interest payable depends on the price or 
fluctuations in the price of a share or basket of shares or which, depending on the price or fluctuation in 
the price, require the Issuer to deliver, on settlement, a specific number of shares. Accordingly, an 
investment in Share or Basket-of-Shares linked Securities may involve market risks similar to those of a 
direct equity investment and therefore potential investors should seek appropriate advice. 
Furthermore, the price of the share or share basket may fluctuate significantly which may not mirror 
fluctuations in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of the price fluctuations of such 
share or shares may affect investors' real returns, even though the average level is in line with their 
expectations. In general, the earlier the share price change occurs, the greater the impact on yield will be. 
(b) Actions by the issuer of an Underlying Share may adversely affect the Securities 
The issuer of an Underlying Share will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Securities and 
will have no obligation to any Holders. The issuer of an Underlying Share may take any actions in respect 
of such share without regard to the interests of the Holders, and any of these actions could adversely 
affect the market value of and return on the Securities. 
(c) Determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of certain adjustment or 
corporate events may adversely affect the Securities 
The Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the terms of the Securities following the occurrence of 
certain adjustment or corporate events. The Calculation Agent is not required to make an adjustment for 
every corporate event that may affect the Underlying Shares. Those events or other actions by the issuer 
of Underlying Shares or other third parties may nevertheless adversely affect the market price of the 
Underlying Shares and, therefore, adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities. The issuer of 
Underlying Shares or third parties could make an offering, or exchange offer, or the issuer of Underlying 
Shares could take other actions that adversely affect the value of the Underlying Shares and the value of 
and return on the Securities, but which will not result in an adjustment in the terms of the Securities. 
(d) No right to participate in dividends or any other distributions 
Unless otherwise specified to be applicable in the terms and conditions, investors in Securities linked to 
ETFs will not participate in dividends or any other distributions paid on such Underlyings. Therefore, the 
return on the Securities may be lower than holding such Underlying(s) directly or through another 
product. 
(e) Additional risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying Share(s) which are 
depositary receipts  
Securities linked to securities representing shares or depositary receipts may carry additional risks 
compared to Securities linked to shares. 
Each depositary receipt represents one or more underlying shares or a fraction of the security of a non-
domestic stock corporation. The legal owner of the underlying shares is, for both types of depositary 
receipts, the depositary, which is also the issuing agent of the depositary receipts. Depending on the 
jurisdiction under which the depositary receipts have been issued and under which the depositary 
agreement is governed, it cannot be ruled out that the jurisdiction will not accept the holder of the 
depositary receipts as the actual beneficial owner of the underlying shares. If the depositary becomes 
insolvent or is subject to foreclosure, it is possible that a restraint on disposal of the underlying shares of 
the depositary receipts will be imposed or that such shares will be disposed of in the context of a 
foreclosure against the depositary. In this case, the holder of the depositary receipts will lose the rights 
over the underlying shares which are certified in the depositary receipts. The depositary receipt will 
become worthless.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
(f) Additional risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying Shares(s) which are 
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) 
(i) 
The performance of an ETF may not correlate with the performance of its 
underlying and during periods of market volatility, the ETF share price 
performance may not correlate with its net asset value  
Where the Securities are linked to an Exchange Traded Fund (an "ETF") and the 
investment objective of such ETF is to track the performance of a share or an index, 
the investors in such Securities are exposed to the performance of such ETF rather 
than the underlying share or index such ETF tracks. For certain reasons, an ETF may 
not be able to track or replicate the constituent securities of the underlying share or 
index, which could give rise to a difference between the performance of the 
underlying share or index and such ETF. Accordingly, investors who purchase 
Securities that are linked to an ETF may receive a lower return than if such investors 
had invested in the share or the index underlying such ETF directly. 
An ETF may not be not actively managed and may be affected by general movements 
in market segments related to the index or other asset it is tracking. An ETF invests in 
instruments included in, or that are representative of, the index or other asset it is 
tracking regardless of their investment merits. 
ETFs may engage in securities lending. Securities lending involves the risk that the 
ETF may lose money because the borrower of the ETF's loaned securities fails to 
return the securities in a timely manner or at all. 
An ETF faces numerous market trading risks, including but not limited to the 
potential lack of an active market for its shares, losses from trading in secondary 
markets, periods of high volatility, limited liquidity and disruption in the creation or 
redemption process of such ETF. If any of these risks materializes, this may lead to 
the ETF shares trading at a premium or discount to their net asset value. 
(ii) 
The performance of an ETF will depend on many diverse and unpredictable 
factors and there can be no assurance it will achieve its investment objectives 
The performance of an ETF may be dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as 
interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments and political 
factors, and company-specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk 
situation, market liquidity of the shares comprising the fund underlying benchmark, 
or the shareholder structure and dividend policy relating to the issuers of underlying 
shares of the fund underlying benchmark. As these factors are beyond the control of 
the management company, sponsor or trustee of the ETF, there can be no assurance 
that the management company, sponsor or trustee will achieve the investment 
objectives of the ETF. 
The net asset value of a share of an ETF may be calculated from the prices of 
underlying shares relating to the fund underlying benchmark, without taking into 
account the value of dividends paid on the shares of the fund underlying benchmark. 
Therefore, an investment in Securities which are linked to a share of an ETF is not the 
same as a direct investment in the fund underlying benchmark and may result in a 
lower yield than a direct investment in such index or shares or in another product. 
(iii) 
Action or non-performance by the management company of the ETF, ETF 
Administrator or ETF Advisor may adversely affect the Securities 
The management company of the ETF, ETF Administrator or ETF Advisor will have 
no involvement in the offer and sale of the Securities and will have no obligation to 
any purchaser of such Securities. The management company of the ETF, ETF 
Administrator or ETF Advisor may take actions in respect of such ETF without 
regard to the interests of the purchasers of the Securities, and these actions could 
adversely affect the market value of the Securities. In its day-to-day operations and its 
investment strategy, an ETF will rely on the Fund Advisor, the investment advisor,

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
the management company and/or on third parties providing services such as 
safekeeping of assets or acting as counterparty to derivatives or other instruments 
used by such ETF to employ its investment strategy. The insolvency or non-
performance of services of any such persons or institutions may expose an ETF to 
financial loss. Failure of procedures or systems, as well as human error or external 
events associated with an ETF's management and/or administration may cause losses 
to an ETF and affect the market value of the Securities. 
Securities linked to shares of an ETF do not represent a claim against or an 
investment in any management company, sponsor or trustee of the ETF and the 
investor will not have any right of recourse under the Securities to any such company, 
sponsor or trustee or the shares of the ETF. 
5.2. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are indices 
(a) An Index may deviate from the performance of the index or components contained in such 
Index  
The Issuer may issue Securities whose amount of principal and/or interest payable depends on the level of 
one or more indices (Securities linked to an Index, Proprietary Index, Index Basket or Proprietary Index 
Basket). An Index may reference, inter alia, equities, bonds, currency exchange rates or other securities or 
it may be a property index referencing certain property price data which will be subject to market price 
fluctuations, or reference or number of different assets or indices. 
The amounts payable under the Securities depend on the performance of the index and thus of the 
components contained in the index. During the term, the market value of the Securities can, however, also 
deviate from the performance of the index or components contained in the index since other factors such 
as the correlation, volatilities, interest level and (if applicable) the reinvestment of any dividend payments 
relating to the components contained in the index, may have an impact on the performance of the 
Securities. 
In the case of a "price index" as an underlying, investors should note that dividend payments are in 
principle not taken into account (whereas in the case of a "performance index" the calculation of such 
index takes into account all dividend payments). Therefore, investors should note that they will not 
participate in any dividend payments with regard to the components contained in the underlying. 
Investors should note that the index sponsor or the person responsible for the composition of the Index as 
well as the Issuer may be subject to new regulatory requirements with regard to the publication and the 
use of an index during the term of the Securities which may require an admission or a registration of the 
respective index and an index modification in order to comply with the statutory provisions. Therefore, it 
cannot be excluded that an index will be modified, cancelled or may no longer be used. In each of these 
cases the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent is entitled to make adjustments pursuant to the Conditions 
and to make determinations with respect to the price of the index in its discretion in order to calculate the 
amount owed at the end of the term of the Security and/or after an exercise or in the case of a termination 
of the Securities. 
(b) Policies of the Sponsor may adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities 
The policies of the Sponsor (including a sponsor that is affiliated with Exane) concerning additions, 
deletions and substitutions of the assets underlying the index and the manner in which the Sponsor takes 
account of certain changes affecting such underlying assets may affect the value of the index. The policies 
of an index sponsor with respect to the calculation of an index could also affect the value of the index. An 
index sponsor may discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of information relating to its 
index. Any such actions could affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
In addition, indices may be subject to management fees and other fees as well as charges that are payable 
to the Sponsor and which can reduce the Settlement Amount payable to investors. Such fees may be paid 
to sponsors that are members of the Exane group. 
(c) Loss of return of dividends in respect of most Securities linked to Indices 
The rules of an Index might stipulate that dividends distributed on its components do not lead to a rise in 
the Index level, for example, if it is a "price" index. As a result, Holders of Securities linked to such Index

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
would lose the benefit of any dividends paid by the components of the Index and such Securities would 
not perform as well as a position where such holder had invested directly in such components or where 
they invested in a "total return" version of the Index. Even if the rules of the relevant Index provide that 
distributed dividends or other distributions of the components are reinvested in the Index and therefore 
result in raising its level, in some circumstances the dividends or other distributions may not be fully 
reinvested in such Index. 
(d) A change in the composition or discontinuance of an Index could have a negative impact on 
the value of the Securities 
The sponsor of an Index can add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components in accordance with the 
relevant index methodology. The changing of the components of an Index may affect the level of such 
Index as a newly added component may perform significantly worse or better than the component it 
replaces, which in turn may adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities. The sponsor of an 
Index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such Index. The sponsor of 
an Index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Securities and may take any actions in 
respect of such Index without regard to the interests of the investor in the Securities, and any of these 
actions could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(e) Additional risks linked to an Underlying that is a Proprietary Index 
Exane Derivatives has developed an expertise in creating, structuring and maintaining indices for which it 
acts as index sponsor (the Proprietary Indices). The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their affiliates may 
act as an index sponsor, adviser or calculation agent created and structured by any of them. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their affiliates may face a conflict of interest between its obligations 
as the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other function of such Securities, as the case may be, and as the 
sponsor, the adviser or the calculation agent of such Proprietary Indices, as the determination of the 
composition of such Proprietary Indices may have an impact on the value of and return on the Securities.  
In respect of the Proprietary Indices discretionarily composed by Exane Derivatives to which Securities 
are linked, Exane Derivatives may face a conflict of interest between its obligations as the Dealer, the 
Guarantor or the Calculation Agent and as the composer and Sponsor of such indices, as the 
determination of the composition of such indices may have an impact on the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
In respect of the Proprietary Indices which are composed by applying a mathematical formula without 
any discretion from Exane Derivatives or any third party, Exane Derivatives may face a conflict of 
interest between its obligations as the Dealer or the Calculation Agent of such Securities and as Sponsor 
of such indices as it may, subject to the General and Specific Methodologies Proprietary Indices, modify 
certain parameters or provide the valuation of certain components which may have an impact on the value 
of and return on the Securities. 
The Sponsor of the Proprietary Index may execute transactions on the Underlyings comprised in the 
Proprietary Index, whether for hedging purposes relating to the Securities or otherwise. These 
transactions may have a positive or negative impact on the value of the Underlyings comprised in the 
Proprietary Index and accordingly on the value of and return on the Securities. The composition of the 
Proprietary Index to which the Securities are linked and the methodology employed in relation to the 
Proprietary Index, are determined and selected by the Sponsor of the Proprietary Index. In selecting its 
methodologies, it cannot be ruled out that the Sponsor of the Proprietary Index (which may be the Issuer 
or any company in its Group) may take into account its own objectives, and/or those of its group or those 
of the Issuer and/or of its Group, and no reassurance can be given as to whether the methodology selected 
will not be less favourable to the interests of the investors than methodologies employed by other 
strategic index sponsors in similar circumstances. 
If the hedging activities of the Exane Group affiliates in connection with a particular index are disrupted, 
Exane Derivatives may decide to terminate calculations in relation to such index sooner than another 
index sponsor would in comparable circumstances. Such a termination may trigger the early settlement of 
the Securities. 
5.3. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are commodities

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
The price risks involved in commodities are often complex. Commodity prices are more volatile than other 
investment categories and, in particular, commodity markets are less liquid than bond, currency or stock markets. 
This means that changes in the supply and demand have a larger impact on prices and volatility, making 
commodities investments riskier and more complex than other investments. 
The factors that influence commodity prices are both numerous and complex. The following are examples of 
some typical factors affecting commodities prices: 
(a) 
The planning and management of commodities supplies are very time-consuming. This means that the 
scope for action on the supply side is limited and it is not always possible to adjust production swiftly to 
take account of demand. Demand can also vary on a regional basis. Transport costs for commodities in 
regions where these are needed also affect their prices. The fact that some commodities take a cyclical 
pattern, such as agricultural products which are only produced at certain times of the year, can also result 
in major price fluctuations. 
(b) 
Direct investments in commodities involve costs related to storage, insurance and tax. Moreover, no 
interest or dividends are paid on commodities. The total returns from commodities investments are 
therefore influenced by these factors. 
(c) 
Not all commodities markets are liquid and able to quickly and adequately react to changes in supply and 
demand. The fact that there are only a few market participants on the commodities markets means that 
speculative investments can have negative consequences and may distort prices. 
(d) 
Unfavourable weather conditions can influence the supply of certain commodities for the entire year. This 
kind of supply crisis can lead to severe and unpredictable price fluctuations. Diseases and epidemics can 
also influence the prices for agricultural commodities. 
(e) 
Commodities are often produced in emerging market countries, with demand coming principally from 
industrialised nations. However, the political and economic situation of emerging markets is often far less 
stable than in industrialised nations. They are generally much more susceptible to the risks of rapid 
political change and economic setbacks. Political crises can affect investor confidence, which can as a 
consequence influence commodity prices. Armed conflicts can also have impact on the supply and 
demand for certain commodities. It is also possible for industrialised nations to impose embargos on 
imports and exports of goods and services. This can directly and indirectly impact commodity prices. 
Furthermore, numerous commodity producers have joined forces to establish organisations or cartels in 
order to regulate supply and influence prices. 
(f) 
Changes in tax rates and customs duties may have a positive or a negative impact on the profitability 
margins for commodities producers. If these costs are passed on to buyers, these changes will affect the 
prices of the relevant commodities. 
Additionally, the legal and regulatory regime in relation to commodities is subject to change in ways that could 
affect the Issuer's obligations in respect of any Underlying or hedging transactions in relation to the Securities, or 
may make it unlawful or unfeasible in whole or in part for any reason for the Issuer to access commodity 
markets for the purpose of managing commodity market risk. This, in turn, may lead to adjustment to the terms 
of the Securities or early redemption of the Securities. 
5.4. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are funds (other than ETFs) 
(a) Factors affecting the performance of an Underlying Fund may adversely affect the value of 
and return on the Securities 
The performance of the units or shares (the Fund Units) of an Underlying Fund to which the Securities 
are linked will affect the value of the investment return on the Securities. Accordingly, an investment in 
Securities linked to an Underlying Fund or Fund Basket may involve market risks similar to those of a 
direct investment in the relevant fund. 
The performance of the Fund Units of an Underlying Fund is dependent upon many factors, including 
macroeconomic factors (such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments 
including variation of exchange rates of foreign currencies, political, judicial or economic factors) and 
fund-specific factors (such as the risk profile of the Fund, the expertise of its senior personnel and its 
shareholder structure and distribution policy). The investment objectives and policies employed by an 
Underlying Fund and the underlying components in which it invests may utilise various investment

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
strategies which may also affect the performance of the Fund Units of an Underlying Fund. In addition, a 
Fund may make investments in markets that are volatile and/or illiquid and it may be difficult or costly 
for investment positions to be opened or liquidated. Any one or a combination of such factors could 
adversely affect the performance of an Underlying Fund(s) which, in turn, could have an adverse effect 
on the value of and return on the investor's Securities. 
(b) Fees, deductions and charges will reduce the Settlement Amount 
Fund fees will be deducted from the net asset value of an Underlying Fund, reducing the value of the 
Fund Units. Accordingly, to the extent that the Settlement Amount is linked to the net asset value of an 
Underlying Fund, the Settlement Amount payable to investors will be less than it would have been absent 
these fees, deductions and charges. The Issuer, the Guarantor or any affiliates of the Exane Group may be 
the beneficiary of such fees or obtain rebates on such fees from third parties. 
(c) Events relating to Underlying Fund(s) 
If certain events relating to the Underlying Fund(s) occur, the Issuer may adjust the terms of the 
Securities to reflect such event as provided in the Conditions and substitute the relevant Fund Units or 
redeem the Securities. In addition, in the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the Underlying 
Fund(s) are not received by the Hedging Party on or prior to the scheduled date for settlement of the 
Securities, such settlement date may be postponed for a period of up to two calendar years (or such other 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) and no additional amount shall be payable as a 
result of such delay. 
(d) No beneficial interest in an Underlying Fund 
Investors in the Securities will have no claim against any Underlying Fund, its management company or 
any fund service provider, and the investors will not have any right of recourse under the Securities to any 
such entity or the Fund Units of such Underlying Fund. The Securities are not in any way sponsored, 
endorsed or promoted by any Fund, its management company or any fund service provider, and such 
entities have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions in respect of any 
investors. An Underlying Fund, its management company or any fund service provider may take any 
actions in respect of such Underlying Fund without regard to the interests of the investors, and any of 
these actions could adversely affect the market value of and return on the Securities. 
(e) Fund managers' investments are not verified  
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the affiliates of the Issuer or of the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent 
under the Securities are or will be responsible for verifying or ensuring that the fund managers comply 
with its stated trading strategy (including a manager that is affiliated with the Issuer or the Guarantor). 
No Fund Sponsor has participated in preparing the applicable Final Terms or in drafting the terms of the 
Fund linked Securities, and neither the Issuer nor the Dealer shall make any enquiries or verifications in 
relation to any information relating to the issuer of such units provided in such Final Terms or in any 
document from which such information was extracted. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that any 
events that occurred prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or 
completeness of the publicly available information described in such paragraph or in the applicable Final 
Terms) and which would affect the trading price of the fund units will have been publicly disclosed. 
Subsequent disclosure of such events or the disclosure of, or failure to disclose, significant future events 
relating to the issuer of such fund units may affect the trading price of the fund units and, therefore, the 
trading price of the Securities.  
(f) Reliance on fund managers and/or investment advisors of the Underlying Fund(s) 
The performance of an Underlying Fund will depend to a considerable extent on the performance of the 
managers and/or investment advisors of such Underlying Fund.  
The manager of an Underlying Fund may invest in and actively traded instruments with significant risk 
characteristics, including risks arising from the volatility of securities, financial futures, derivatives, 
currency and interest rate markets, the leverage factors associated with trading in such markets and 
instruments, and the potential exposure to loss resulting from counterparty defaults.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
The fund managers and/or the investment advisors may also manage or advise other funds and/or 
accounts and may have financial and other incentives to favor such other funds and/or accounts over the 
Underlying Fund(s). Also, the fund managers and/or the investment advisors may manage or advise for 
their own accounts and the accounts of their clients and may make recommendations or take positions 
similar or dissimilar to those of the Underlying Fund(s) or which may compete with the Underlying 
Fund(s). 
Where an Underlying Fund is comprised of sub-funds the factors set out above in relation to the 
management company apply equally to the management company of the funds in which such Fund 
invests. This can result in a lack of transparency regarding the exposure of the Securities to any such sub-
funds.  
An Underlying Fund or its management company may also become involved in shareholder, insider 
trading or other litigation as a result of its investment activities. Any such dispute could adversely affect 
the performance of the Fund Units of a Fund and consequently, of the Securities. 
None of the Issuer, Exane SA as Guarantor or Exane Derivatives as Calculation Agent under the 
Securities, or affiliates of the Exane Group are in a position to protect the Holders against fraud and 
misrepresentation by unaffiliated fund managers or the investment advisors. Investors should understand 
that they could be materially adversely affected by any such acts. Holders do not have and are not entitled 
to any beneficial interests in the Underlying Fund(s) and as such, have no recourse against the Underlying 
Fund(s), any investment advisor or manager either contractually or statutorily. Furthermore, as a practical 
matter, it may be difficult to bring an action, or to seek to enforce a judgment obtained in an action, 
against any of the aforementioned entities. In addition, the fund managers and/or the investment advisors 
may be removed or replaced, the allocation of assets may vary from time to time and the various positions 
of the investments of the Underlying Fund(s) may be economically offsetting, all of which may affect the 
performance of the Underlying Fund(s). 
Any of the above-described factors could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the 
investor's Securities. 
(g) Volatility of the markets may adversely affect the value of the Fund Units 
Funds' performances (especially hedge funds) may be highly volatile. Movements in the net asset value of 
the fund tracked by the Fund Units may vary from month to month. Trades made by fund managers may 
be based upon their expectation of price movements. The market value of positions may not increase, and 
may in fact decrease, and this will be reflected in the net asset value per share. 
Investments made by the Underlying Funds can involve substantial risks. The nature of these investments 
means that the value of the Fund Units may fluctuate significantly during a day or over longer periods. 
Consequently, the performance of the Fund Units over a given period will not necessarily be indicative of 
future performance. 
Substantial redemptions in a fund over a short period could require such funds to liquidate positions more 
rapidly than would be otherwise desirable. For example, if a larger investment vehicle or entity with a 
large investment in the fund redeems from the fund, illiquidity in certain securities or markets could make 
it difficult for the fund to liquidate positions on favorable terms to effect such redemption, which could 
result in losses or a decrease in the net asset value of the master fund. In addition, to satisfy such 
redemptions, the sub-manager may need to liquidate the fund's most liquid investments; leaving 
remaining investors invested in more illiquid instruments. Such withdrawals may also leave the fund with 
a less diversified pool of investments. This may increase the overall portfolio risk of the fund, and, 
ultimately, the Securities. Conversely, the manager may refuse a redemption request if it believes that 
such request, if fulfilled, would have a material adverse impact on the remaining investors in the fund. 
This may negatively impact the liquidity of the fund and, therefore, the Securities. 
(h) Risks relating to Underlying Funds that are hedge funds 
The Issuer may enter into hedging arrangements to gain exposure to the Underlying. Investors must be 
aware that they are exposed, under the terms of Securities linked to Underlyings, to the performance of 
such hedging contracts and to events that may affect such hedging contracts and, accordingly, the 
occurrence of any such event may affect the value of and return on the Securities.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
To the extent the Underlying(s) of Securities include(s) a hedge fund or portfolio of hedge funds, the 
Securities will be subject to some of the risks of an investment in a hedge fund or portfolio of hedge 
funds. Underlying funds that are hedge funds are not regulated to the same extent as mutual funds or 
registered securities or securities offerings. The lack of oversight and regulation associated with hedge 
funds may increase the likelihood of fraud and negligence by the fund's managers and/or the investment 
advisors, their brokerage firms or banks. 
Hedge funds may invest in securities listed or traded on foreign exchanges, which involve risks not 
limited to higher volatility, government intervention, lack of transparency, lack of regulation, currency 
risk, political risk and economic social instability. 
Hedge funds may involve complex tax structures and delays in distributing important tax information and 
may have high fees and expenses that may offset the hedge fund's trading profits and reduce the value of 
the Security. 
Hedge funds, including the funds on which Securities may be indexed, generally do not make information 
about their operations and holdings public. The Issuer, the Guarantor, or any affiliate may not be able to 
obtain information required to calculate the value of the fund.  
The Issuer, the Guarantor and/or certain Affiliates may from time to time obtain information regarding 
specific hedge funds that may not be available to the general public. Any such information is obtained by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or certain Affiliates in the ordinary course of their businesses, and not in 
connection with the offering of the Securities. The Issuer, the Guarantor and/or certain Affiliates are not 
obliged to disclose such information to an investor. 
(i) Risks relating to Underlying Funds that are invest through a master-feeder structure 
The Underlying Fund(s) may invest through a "master-feeder" structure. As such, the Underlying Fund(s) 
will contribute substantially part or all of its assets to the master fund and may do so alongside other 
investors, including other feeder funds. The relevant master fund may also establish or allow investment 
by additional investors or feeder funds in the future. 
The master-feeder fund structure, in particular the existence of multiple investment vehicles investing in 
the same portfolio, presents certain unique risks to investors. The Underlying Fund(s) may be materially 
affected by the actions of other investors, investment vehicles and feeder funds investing in the master 
fund, particularly if such investors have large investments in the master fund. For example, if a larger 
investment vehicle or entity with a large investment in the master fund redeems from the master fund, 
illiquidity in certain securities or markets could make it difficult for the master fund to liquidate positions 
on favourable terms to effect such redemption, which could result in losses or a decrease in the net asset 
value of the master fund. In addition, to satisfy such redemptions, the sub-manager may need to liquidate 
the master fund's most liquid investments; leaving remaining investors (including the underlying fund(s)) 
invested in more illiquid instruments. Such withdrawals may also leave the master fund with a less 
diversified pool of investments. This may increase the overall portfolio risk of the master fund, and, 
ultimately, the Securities. Conversely, the sub-manager may refuse a redemption request if it believes that 
such request, if fulfilled, would have a material adverse impact on the remaining investors in the master 
fund. This may negatively impact the liquidity of the master fund and, therefore, the Underlying Fund(s) 
and the Securities. 
(j) Net asset value 
The market value of the Securities is likely to depend substantially on the then-current net asset value of 
the Underlying Fund(s). If an investor chooses to sell its Securities, such investor may receive 
substantially less than the amount that would be payable at any relevant payment date based on that net 
asset value because of, for example, possible market expectations that the net asset value of the 
Underlying Fund(s) will continue to fluctuate between such time and the time when the NAV can be 
realized because of anticipated or unanticipated delays in creating or redeeming fund units and/or the time 
when the final net asset value of the Underlying Fund(s) is determined. Political, economic and other 
developments that affect the investments underlying the Underlying Fund(s) may also affect the net asset 
value of the Underlying Fund(s) and, thus the value of and return on the Securities. 
(k) Legal, tax and regulatory changes

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
The regulatory environment is evolving and changes therein may adversely affect the ability of a Fund to 
obtain the leverage it might otherwise obtain or to pursue its investment strategies. In addition, the 
regulatory or tax environment for derivative and related instruments is evolving and may be subject to 
modification by government or judicial action which may adversely affect the value of the investments 
held by a Fund. It is not possible to predict the effect of any future changes to applicable law or regulation 
or uncertainties such as international political developments, changes in government policies, taxation, 
restrictions or foreign investment and currency repatriation or fluctuations.  
Further, the markets in which a Fund invests may prove to be highly volatile from time to time as a result 
of, for example, sudden changes in government policies on taxation and currency repatriation or changes 
in legislation relating to the value of foreign ownership of assets held by a Fund, and this may affect the 
net asset value at which such Fund may liquidate positions to meet repurchase requests or other funding 
requirements. 
Any such regulatory changes or market volatility could adversely affect the performance of the Fund(s) 
which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the investor's Securities. 
5.5. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are futures contracts 
The price, level or rate, as the case may be of one or more futures contract(s) may be volatile and may depend on 
the residual term to maturity, and the realized and/or market implied future volatility of the price, level or rate, as 
the case may be, of such futures contract(s). The price of the futures contract(s) may also be affected by 
economic, financial and political events occurring in any one or more countries, including factors affecting the 
exchange(s) or quotation systems on which such futures contract(s) may be trade 
Futures contracts have a predetermined expiration date. Holding a futures contract until expiration will result in 
delivery of the physical underlying or the requirement to make or receive a cash settlement amount. Rolling 
Futures Contract Securities are valued by reference to futures contracts that have a delivery or expiry month that 
do not correspond with the term of the Securities. Consequently the futures contracts are "rolled" which means 
that the futures contract that is nearing expiration (the "near-dated futures contracts") is sold before it expires and 
a futures contract that has an expiration date further in the future (the "longer-dated futures contracts") is 
purchased. In order to maintain an ongoing exposure to such Underlying(s), the applicable futures contracts are 
rolled. Where the price of a near-dated futures contract is greater than the price of the longer-dated futures 
contract, then rolling from the former to the latter will result in greater exposure to the longer-dated futures 
contract. Therefore, any loss or gain on the new positions will be greater than if an investor had synthetically 
held the same number of underlying contracts as before the rolling. Conversely, where the price of the near-dated 
futures contract is lower than the price of the longer-dated futures contract, then rolling will result in less 
exposure to the longer-dated futures contract. Therefore, any gain or loss on the new positions will be less than if 
an investor had synthetically held the same number of underlying contracts as before the rolling.  
At each rollover there may be expenses incurred in replacing the futures contract which may have an adverse 
effect on the return on the Securities. Investors should be aware that in respect of Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities, the price difference between the futures involved in each Rollover may have a negative effect on the 
value of the Securities and in the long term be higher than the positive performance of the underlying and result 
in a total loss of the investment in the Securities. Rolling Futures Contract Securities may not be suitable for 
investors who intend to invest medium to long term. 
5.6. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are listed options 
When an Underlying is an option the Security will ultimately be subject to all of the risks associated with the 
option underlyings. Options typically involve an implicit leverage and so these identified risks should be 
expected to be amplified.  
The price of the listed options may also be affected by economic, financial and political events occurring in any 
one or more countries, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation systems on which the relevant 
listed options may be traded. 
5.7. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are exchange rates 
The performance of foreign exchange rates, currency units or units of account are dependent upon the supply and 
demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, 
including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, 
economic forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such 
measures include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to 
replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or 
revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a 
specified currency that would affect exchange rates as well as the availability of a specified currency. Any such 
measures could have a negative impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
Currency exchange risks can be expected to heighten in periods of financial turmoil. In periods of financial 
turmoil, capital can move quickly out of regions that are perceived to be more vulnerable to the effects of the 
crisis than others with sudden and severely adverse consequences to the currencies of those regions. In addition, 
governments around the world have recently made, and may be expected to continue to make, very significant 
interventions in their economies, and sometimes directly in their currencies. It is not possible to predict the effect 
of any future legal or regulatory action relating to exchange rates. Further interventions, other government 
actions or suspensions of actions, as well as other changes in government economic policy or other financial or 
economic events affecting the currency markets - including the replacement of entire currencies with new 
currencies - may cause currency exchange rates to fluctuate sharply in the future, which could have a negative 
impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
5.8. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are Reference Rates (including 
interest rates) 
Reference rates are mainly dependent upon the supply and demand for credit in the money market, i.e., the rates 
of interest paid on investments, determined by the interaction of supply of and demand for funds in the money 
market. The supply and demand in the money market on the other hand is dependent upon macroeconomic 
factors, such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments and political factors, or 
upon other factors, depending on the specific type of reference rate. Such factors affecting the performance of a 
reference rate may adversely affect the market value of and return on the Securities. 
In principle, the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) have no influence on the determination 
of the reference rate(s). Reference rates are generally calculated by an independent organization or a 
governmental authority, often based on information provided by market participants. The entity publishing an 
interest rate or reference rate can modify the calculation method for determining such reference rate or make 
other methodological changes that could affect the value of the interest rate or reference rate. The calculation or 
dissemination of such reference rate may also be altered, discontinued or suspended. The entity publishing a 
reference rate is not involved in the offer and sale of the Securities and has no obligation to invest therein. The 
entity publishing a reference rate may take any actions in respect of such reference rate without regard to the 
interests of the investors in Securities and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of such 
Securities. 
5.9. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are Debt Instruments 
Debt instrument prices may be materially adversely impacted by the relevant obligor's financial condition and its 
ability to meet its obligations associated with the debt instrument as well as by the perception of market 
participants relating to these factors. The price of the debt instrument(s) may also be affected by economic, 
financial and political events occurring in any one or more countries, including factors affecting the exchange(s) 
or quotation systems on which the relevant debt instruments may be traded. 
5.10. Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are Dynamic Portfolios 
The following risk factors relating to Securities indexed to a Dynamic Portfolio shall be read in conjunction with 
Risk Factor 3.12 (Specific risks in relation to Securities linked to a Basket of Multi Underlyings) as well as the 
risk factors relating to the relevant type(s) of components included such Dynamic Portfolio above under "Risks 
associated with specific types of Underlyings" above. 
(a) Risks relating to the Portfolio Advisor 
The performance of actively managed portfolio linked Securities depends on the ability, services and 
overall competence of the Portfolio Advisor. Investors should be aware that the performance of the 
Securities will depend to a considerable extent on the ability of the Portfolio Advisor to provide the 
optimal modification recommendations throughout the life of the Securities as well as on the ability of the 
Issuer and of the Calculation Agent to implement the recommendations of the Portfolio Advisor.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
There can be no assurance that the Portfolio Advisor will be able to provide such services or indeed be 
able to avoid negative performance. Investors should understand that they could be materially adversely 
affected by any such factors. 
Even though the Issuer and the Calculation Agent have designated the Portfolio Advisor in respect of the 
Securities, the Portfolio Advisor shall act in the exclusive interest of the investors. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will interfere in the Portfolio Advisor decisions and 
therefore, investors shall be aware that neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will be responsible for 
any decision, Rebalancing or other, made by the Portfolio Advisor. Moreover, neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent will be in a position to protect the investors against fraud, negligence or 
misrepresentation from the Portfolio Advisor. 
(b) Exposure to the Dynamic Portfolio 
Investors should be aware that the composition of the Dynamic Portfolio may change after the 
implementation of a rebalancing decided discretionary by the Portfolio Advisor, after an adjustment 
decided by the Portfolio Calculation Agent in order to comply with the portfolio technical eligibility 
criteria or after an adjustment of the Dynamic Portfolio following an Event. In order to inform investors 
of the composition of the Dynamic Portfolio, the changes granted by the Portfolio Advisor regarding the 
components of the Dynamic Portfolio will be disclosed and available on www.exane.com/exaneindex.1 
5.11. Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are emerging market Underlyings 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the amount payable on exercise or redemption or the interest payable is 
linked to an Underlying which consists of (a) securities, shares, funds or indices comprising securities of issuers 
that are located in, or subject to regulation in, emerging or developing countries, or (b) securities which are 
denominated in the currency of, or are traded in, emerging or developing countries or (c) currencies of emerging 
or developing countries.  
Prospective investors should note that additional risks may be associated with investment in such Securities, 
including risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental policies, restrictions on 
foreign investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, possible lower levels of 
disclosure and regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and application of laws including, but 
not limited to, those relating to expropriation, nationalization and confiscation.  
Securities traded in emerging or developing countries tend to be less liquid and the prices of such securities more 
volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in some such markets may be slower and more subject to failure than in 
markets in developed countries. 
Increased custodian costs as well as administrative difficulties (such as the applicability of the laws of the 
jurisdictions of emerging or developing countries to custodians in such jurisdictions in various circumstances, 
including bankruptcy, ability to recover lost assets, expropriation, nationalization and record access) may also 
arise from the maintenance of assets in such emerging or developing countries. 
Such adverse effects can, under certain circumstances, last for long periods of time, i.e., months or years. Each of 
these adverse effects may cause what is known as a market disruption in relation to the Securities and one of the 
results of this may be that during this period no prices will be quoted for the Securities affected by the market 
disruption. 
In addition, if an Underlying is quoted in local currency, i.e., not hedged against the currency of the Securities, 
there is an increased foreign exchange risk. Currency exchange rates in emerging markets are subject to 
particularly high fluctuations. This may result in a considerable negative performance of the Security, even 
though the performance of the underlying during the term of the Security has essentially remained unchanged or 
even risen. This may mean that some or all of the total performance of the underlying may be eroded by currency 
losses and that the performance of the underlying even may become negative. 
6. 
Potential conflicts of interests 
6.1. 
Potential conflicts of interests in relation to the Issuer, the Guarantor or its parents, subsidiaries 
and/or Affiliates entering into trades relating to the Underlying(s) 
 
1 The website gives an unlimited access to the content and is free of charge.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or its parents, subsidiaries and/or Affiliates, may also enter into trades 
(including hedging transactions) relating to the Underlying(s) (including Credit Linked Securities) and 
other instruments or derivative products based on or relating to the Underlying of any Security for their 
own account or on behalf of third parties as part of their execution and/or asset management activities. 
In the course of this business, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and any of their respective 
Affiliates may acquire non-public information about an Underlying or any companies or assets related 
that is or may be material in the context of the issue of the Securities and that may not be publicly 
available or known to other third parties. There is no obligation on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Calculation Agent and any of their respective Affiliates to disclose to the investors or any other party any 
such relationship or information whether before or after the Issue Date. 
For the sake of transparency, it is brought to the attention of the investors the following different 
situations that may generate a potential conflict of interest: 
(a) 
the composition (selection of the components, additions, deletions…), the methodology, and the 
manners of computation of an Index Underlying, can be determined, under certain circumstances, 
by Exane Derivatives or any other member company of the Exane group; 
(b) 
the investment rules and the methods of constitution of a Fund Underlying can be determined, 
under certain circumstances, by Exane Derivatives or other member company of the Exane group. 
In addition, Exane Asset Management or Ellipsis Asset Management can be appointed as 
Management Company of a Fund Underlying; 
(c) 
in addition, if the hedging activities of Exane Derivatives or of one of its affiliates in connection 
with a particular index are disrupted, Exane Derivatives or the relevant affiliate may decide to 
terminate calculations in relation to such index sooner than another index sponsor would have 
done in comparable circumstances. Such a termination may trigger the early settlement of the 
Certificate; 
(d) 
Exane Derivatives as the Calculation Agent can determine the substitution of an Underlying in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities; 
(e) 
Exane Derivatives as the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms 
of the Securities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities; and 
(f) 
Exane Derivatives as the Calculation Agent may determine the amounts payable to the investors of 
the Securities.  
6.2. 
Calculations and determinations by the Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent may have to make decisions and judgments that may influence the amount 
receivable upon settlement of the Securities and has wide discretionary powers to make such adjustments 
as it considers appropriate as a result of or in connection with transactions on securities affecting the 
Underlying. The Calculation Agent may be the Issuer or the Guarantor or one of their affiliates and 
potential conflicts of interest may exist therefore between the Calculation Agent and the investors.  
All the determinations of the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final and 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Financial Agent and on all the investors. The Calculation Agent 
will as an independent expert and will act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in 
exercising its functions. Because the Calculation Agent may be the Issuer, the Guarantor or an Affiliate of 
the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and investors in the 
Securities, including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the Calculation Agent 
must make, including whether a Market Disruption Event, a Potential Adjustment Event or Credit Event 
has occurred. In making any calculations and determinations under the Securities, the Calculation Agent 
has no responsibility to take investors' interests into account. 
6.3. 
Potential conflicts of interests in relation to Underlying(s) which are Proprietary Indices 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their affiliates may face a conflict of interest between its obligations 
as the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other function of such Securities, as the case may be, and as the 
sponsor, the adviser or the calculation agent of such Proprietary Indices, as the determination of the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
composition of such Proprietary Indices may have an adverse impact on the value of and return on the 
Securities. See Risk Factor 6.5 (Risks linked to an Underlying that is a Proprietary Index). 
6.4. 
Potential conflicts of interests in relation to Underlying(s) which are Funds 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, or one or more of their affiliates, may engage in trading and other business 
activities relating to the Underlying Fund(s) or their underlying assets that are not for the investors 
accounts or on behalf of the investors. These activities may present a conflict between an investor's 
interest in the Securities and the interests the Issuer and the Guarantor, or one or more of their affiliates, 
may have in their proprietary account. Such activities may include, among other things, the exercise of 
voting power, financial advisory relationships, financing transactions, derivative transactions and the 
exercise of creditor rights, each of which may be contrary to the interests of the investors. Any of these 
trading and/or business activities may affect the value of an Underlying Fund(s) and thus could be 
adverse to an investor's return on the Securities. The Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates 
may engage in any such activities without regard to the Securities or the effect that such activities may 
directly or indirectly have on Securities. 
In addition, in connection with these activities, the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or their respective affiliates 
may receive information about the Underlying Fund(s) or their underlying assets that will not be disclosed 
to the investors. The Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates have no obligation to disclose 
such information about the Underlying Fund(s) or the companies to which they relate. 
6.5. 
Potential conflicts of interests between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and the 
Portfolio Advisor in relation to Underlying(s) which are Dynamic Portfolios 
The Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent or the Portfolio Advisor, may engage in trading and 
other business activities relating to the components of the portfolio without regards to the Securities and 
that are not for the investors' accounts or on behalf of the investors. 
6.6. 
Potential conflicts of interests in relation to Underlying(s) which are CLNs 
The Issuer, any Affiliate or the Guarantor may have existing or future business relationships with a 
Reference Entity (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory and 
banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that they deem or it deems necessary or 
appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for an 
investor. 
The Issuer, any Affiliate and the Guarantor may deal in each obligation of a Reference Entity and may 
accept deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of 
commercial or investment banking or other business with, a Reference Entity or any other person or entity 
having obligations relating to a Reference Entity and may act with respect to such business in the same 
manner as each of them would had the CLNs not been in issue, regardless of whether any such action 
might have an adverse effect on a Reference Entity or the position of a an investor or otherwise (including 
any action which might constitute or give rise to a Credit Event.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF SECURITIES 
1. 
CONSENT GIVEN IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 5.1 OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
In the context of any offer of Securities that is not within an exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, (a Non-exempt Offer), each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility in 
each Member State for which it has given its consent as specified below (each a Public Offer Jurisdiction) for the 
content of the Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an Investor) to whom any offer of Securities is made by any 
financial intermediary to whom it has given its consents to use of the Base Prospectus (an Authorised Institution), 
where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given in a Public Offer Jurisdiction for which that 
consent was given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving consent. 
However, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any Dealer is liable for any of the actions by any Authorised 
Institution, including the non-compliance by any Authorised Institutions with applicable conduct of business rules or 
other local regulatory requirements or other legal obligations relating to financial instruments in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantor nor any Dealer authorises the use of the Base Prospectus in the case of a Non-
exempt Offer of Securities in a Member State other than a Public Offer Jurisdiction or in a Public Offer Jurisdiction but 
made by a financial intermediary to which the Issuer has not given its consent. Such unauthorised Non-exempt Offers 
are not made by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer or any Authorised Institution and neither the 
Issuer, nor the Guarantor nor the Dealer nor Authorised Institution accepts no responsibility for the actions of any 
person making such offers and the related consequences. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantor nor the Dealer authorises that any Non-exempt Offers of 
Securities may be made in circumstances which make the Issuer publish a prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus. 
2. TYPE OF CONSENT 
Subject to the conditions set out below under “Common conditions to the consent” and if it is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Securities, the Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to an 
Non-exempt Offer of such Securities during the offer period specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Offer Period). 
The consent given by the Issuer to the use of the Base Prospectus for the purpose of a Non-exempt Offer of any 
Securities during the Offer Period and in the Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms may be a 
specific consent (a Specific Consent) and/or a general consent (a General Consent), each as described hereafter and as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 SPECIFIC CONSENT 
If the clause “Specific Consent” is stated as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, it means that the Issuer 
consents to the use of the Base Prospectus (as supplemented as of the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a 
Non-exempt Offer of Securities by: 
 
(i) 
The relevant Dealer specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(ii) 
Any financial intermediary(ies) specified identified as an “Authorised Institution”, and whose name and address 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(iii) 
Any financial intermediary(ies) appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and identified as an 
“Authorised Institution” in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and whose name [and address] is [are] 
published on in the website of the Issuer (www.exane.com/exaneissues).

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
  GENERAL CONSENT 
 If the clause “General Consent” is stated as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, it means that the Issuer 
consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to Non-exempt Offer of Securities by any financial intermediary 
that fulfils the following conditions: 
(a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and recommendations of any authority (the Rules), 
including, in particular and in each case, the Rules relating to both the suitability or appropriateness of any investment 
in the Securities by any person and disclosure to any potential investor; 
(b) observes and complies with the restrictions set forth in the "Subscription, Purchase and Selling Restrictions" section 
of this Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time, which shall apply as if it were acting as a Dealer; 
(c) ensures that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate received or paid by such financial 
intermediary in connection with the offer or sale of Securities does not violate the Rules and is fully and clearly 
communicated to Investors or potential Investors; 
(d) holds all permits, licenses, approvals and consents necessary for solicitation of interests in, or offering or selling 
Securities, pursuant to the Rules;  
(e) retains all investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under the applicable Rules and 
shall, upon request, place such records at the disposal of the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or place them directly at 
the disposal of the relevant supervisory authority of the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to enable the Issuer and/or 
the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with the Rules relating to money-laundering, prevention of corruption and client 
identification applicable to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s);  
(f) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or place the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer(s) under an obligation to make any filing, obtain any authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction;  
(g) it commits itself to indemnify the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer for any damage, loss, expense, claim, request 
or loss and fees (including reasonably fees from law firms) incurred by one of its entities because of, or in relation with, 
any failure by this financial intermediary to respect any of these obligations above; 
(h) it acknowledges that its commitment to respect the obligation above is governed by French law and agrees that any 
related dispute is brought before the Tribunal de Commerce de Paris, France; and  
(i) satisfies any other conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Dealers nor the Issuer shall be under any obligation to ensure that an Authorised 
Institution is acting in compliance with all laws and regulations and, accordingly, neither the Dealers nor the Issuer shall 
under any circumstances be liable in such regard. 
Any Authorised Institution falling within paragraph 2.2 herein who meets the conditions set out in paragraph 2.2 
and the other conditions state in “Common conditions to consent” below and who wishes to use this Base 
prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Securities is required, during the Offer Period, to publish 
on its website that it uses the Base Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance with this paragraph 2.2 
and the related conditions. 
3. COMMON CONDITIONS TO THE CONSENT 
The above-mentioned consent applies to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months following the date of approval of the 
Base Prospectus by the CSSF. 
 
The consent by the Issuer to the use of the Base Prospectus: 
 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Securities 
in Belgium, France, Italy, Ireland, , as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The only relevant Member States for which each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has given a consent for the making of 
Non-exempt Offers and which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as indicated in the paragraph 3(ii) above 
as Public Offer Jurisdictions will be Belgium, France,  Italy, Ireland, ,.  
4. ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN THE INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED INSTITUTIONS 
Any Investor who intends to acquire or acquires Securities from an Authorised Institution shall do so, and any offers or 
sales of Securities by an Authorised Institution to an Investor shall be made, in compliance with all conditions and other 
agreements made between the relevant Authorised Institution and such Investor including with regard to the price, 
allotment, settlement-delivery arrangements and any costs or taxes to be invoiced to the Investor (the Conditions of the 
Non-exempt Offer). The Issuer is not a party to such agreements with the Investors (other than the Dealer) in 
connection with the offer or sale of Securities and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms shall not 
include such information.  
The Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be communicated to Investors by the Authorised Institution at the 
time of the Non-exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or Authorised Institutions shall be liable 
for such information or the consequences of its use by the relevant Investors. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Neither the 
Issuer nor the Dealer represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offer. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealer which is intended to permit a public offering of 
any Securities or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus or any Securities must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. For a description of certain further 
restrictions on the offer and sale of Securities in, among other jurisdictions, the United States, the European Economic 
Area (including France, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Italy and Belgium), Japan, Singapore and Switzerland, 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription, Purchase and Selling Restrictions”.

--- Page 55 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
55 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents that have been 
previously published or are published simultaneously with the Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF, in 
its capacity as the competent Luxembourg authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and that are 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, the Base Prospectus: 
 
• 
The debt securities issue programme of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA, unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by Exane SA dated as of 4 September 2020 (the “2020 Base Prospectus”); 
https://www.exane.com/publications-derivatives/exaneissues/pdf/hcDL8jDPwdc 
• 
The first supplement to the 2020 Base Prospectus dated 23 December 2020 (the “First Supplement 2020”); 
https://www.exane.com/publications-derivatives/exaneissues/pdf/srPKQ96BG5c 
• 
The English language version of the consolidated financial statements of Exane SA for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019;  
https://www.exane.com/corporate/pdfs/RA_EXANE-2019_GB-VF.pdf  
• 
The English language version of the consolidated financial statements of Exane SA for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020; 
https://www.exane.com/corporate/pdfs/RA_EXANE-2020_UK.pdf  
• 
The English language version of the non-consolidated financial statements of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2020;  
https://www.exane.com/publications-derivatives/exaneissues/pdf/HQ22tNuEKcg  
The English language version of the financial statements of Exane SA for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2020 and of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 is an 
unofficial free translation for information purposes only of the French language version. The Guarantor takes the 
responsibility of this unofficial free translation. 
The yearly financial statements of Exane SA and Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA have been audited, respectively by 
Mazars and Deloitte & Associés for Exane SA and by Deloitte Audit for Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA.  
Copies of these documents may be obtained free of charge from the designated agencies of Exane Derivatives in its 
capacity as Principal Paying Agent. 
As an exception to this principle, any representation appearing in the Base Prospectus or in any of the documents 
incorporated by reference therein shall be deemed to have been amended or replaced, for the purposes of the Base 
Prospectus, by any representation appearing in a document subsequently filed with the CSSF and specifically intended 
to amend or replace said representation (whether explicitly or implicitly). 
The information that is not included in the cross reference list above is not incorporated by reference and is either not 
relevant 
for 
investors 
or 
covered 
elsewhere 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus”.

--- Page 56 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
56 
 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO PREVIOUS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA 
 
Securities Previous Conditions 
 
Previous Base Prospectus  
Section  
Pages  
2020 Base Prospectus  
Conditions of the Securities  
Technical Annex  
Pages 58 to 256  
Pages 271 to 372  
First Supplement 2020 
Technical Annex  
Pages 6 to 7

--- Page 57 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
57 
 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO 
EXANE SOLUTIONS (LUXEMBOURG) SA AS ISSUER, EXANE SA AS GUARANTOR AS OF 31 
DECEMBER 2019 AND 31 DECEMBER 2020 
 
 
 
 
Financial Statements 2020 
 
 Financial 
information in 
respect 
of 
EXANE 
SOLUTIONS 
(LUXEMBOU
RG) 
SA 
as 
Issuer2 
Historical 
financial 
information 
 
a) Balance Sheet (asset 
and liabilities) 
page 10 
b) 
Profit 
and 
Loss 
Account 
page 11 
c) Cash Flow Statement 
page 12 
d) Notes to the financial 
statements 
Pages 13 to 20 
Attestation : report of 
the statutory auditors 
Pages 6 to 8 
 
 
Financial Statements 2019 
 
Financial Statements 2020 
 
 Financial 
information in 
respect 
of 
EXANE SA as 
Guarantor3 
Historical 
financial 
information 
 
 
a) Balance Sheet (asset 
and liabilities) 
page 6 
page 6 
b) 
Profit 
and 
Loss 
Account 
page 7 
page 7 
c) Cash Flow Statement 
page 9 
page 9 
d) Notes to the financial 
statements 
pages 11 to 46 
pages 11 to 46 
Attestation : report of 
the statutory auditors 
pages 47 to 49 
pages 47 to 49 
 
 
2 The reference pages indicated for the Financial Statements 2020 relate to the electronic document. 
3 The reference pages indicated for the Financial Statements 2019 and 2020 relate to the electronic document.

--- Page 58 ---
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
58 
 
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Securities, the 
Information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuers and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the 
Securities. In relation to the different types of Securities which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuers 
and the Guarantor have endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except 
for information relating to the Securities which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can 
only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Securities. 
 
Any information relating to the Securities which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Securities will therefore be contained 
either in the applicable Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the 
applicable Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other 
necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Securities, will be contained in a Drawdown 
Prospectus.  
 
For a Tranche of Securities which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and this Base Prospectus and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Securities which is the subject of Final Terms are the Terms and Conditions of the Securities as completed to the 
extent described in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Securities which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will 
be the Conditions as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a 
Tranche of Securities which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference 
to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context 
requires otherwise.  
 
An Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may agree with any Dealer that Securities may be issued, offered to 
the public, and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities described in this Base Prospectus, in which event a Drawdown Prospectus will be 
submitted for approval to the relevant competent authority and will be made available. In the case of a Tranche 
of Securities which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference 
to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context 
requires otherwise. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Securities which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Terms and Conditions of the Securities as supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  
 
In accordance with Article 6.3 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Drawdown Prospectus will be drawn up as a 
single document, incorporating by reference, if applicable, the relevant parts of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 59 ---
Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
59 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Securities to be listed and 
admitted to trading on a regulated market shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus (or a new Base 
Prospectus, as applicable) as required (for supplements) by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and shall 
supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto or new Base Prospectus as such 
Dealer may reasonably request. 
 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there 
is a significant new factor, material mistake, inaccuracy or omission relating to information contained in this 
Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Securities and whose inclusion in or 
removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the 
Group and the rights attaching to the Securities, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Securities, and 
shall supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably 
request. 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, the Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Securities, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus (a 
Supplement) in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a new prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Securities. Such Supplement as prepared will have to be approved by 
the CSSF. Statements contained in any such Supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
 
In the case of Securities subject to a Non-exempt Offer to the public, in accordance with Article 23.2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any 
Supplement is published have the right, exercisable within three working days after the publication of this 
Supplement, to withdraw their acceptances.

--- Page 60 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
60 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The Conditions shall apply to all Securities issued pursuant to the Programme described in the Base Prospectus. 
The following provisions set forth the Conditions governing these Securities, subject to any additions that may be 
made to these Conditions by the Final Terms or any other document.  
A financial agency agreement in respect of the Securities was entered into on 21 July 2021 (the Agency 
Agreement) between Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA as issuer (the Issuer) Exane SA as guarantor (the 
Guarantor), Exane Derivatives as pledgor and calculation agent (the Pledgor and the Calculation Agent), as 
financial agent (the Financial Agent), as principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent), and BNP Paribas 
Securities Services as settlement confirmation agent (the Settlement Confirmation Agent) and as pledged 
account custodian (the Pledged Account Custodian) (however, it is understood that another entity may be 
specified as the Calculation Agent or Settlement Confirmation Agent in the Final Terms).  
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available to Security Holders during normal business hours from the 
designated agencies of the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, from the Registrar. Any person benefiting 
from rights attached to Securities shall be deemed to have read the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
The Securities shall not constitute bonds as defined by article L. 228-38 of the French commercial code. 
Although the Securities with identical features will be issued by series (a Series), each Security shall constitute a 
separate debt security. Each Series shall be described in the final terms (the Final Terms), a copy of which shall 
be available during normal business hours from the designated agencies of the Financial Agent or, if applicable, 
of the Registrar (as stipulated in Condition 2.2). For any Series of Securities for which an admission to trading 
on a regulated market has not been requested, the copies of the Final Terms for consultation by the Holder shall 
only be available from the Financial Agent and any Dealer.  
References made in the Base Prospectus to the "Final Terms" refer to the Final Terms applicable to the issue of a 
Series of Securities.  
The terms and expressions defined in the Conditions shall have the same meaning when used in the Agency 
Agreement or in the Final Terms, unless the context requires otherwise or except where otherwise stipulated.  
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
In the event of any inconsistency between any defined term set out in this section 1.1 and any defined term set 
out in the sections below entitled "1.2 Definitions in respect of CLN, Hybrid Securities and Credit Linked 
Warrants (2014 ISDA DEFINITIONS VERSION)", insofar as such defined term relates to a CLN or to a Hybrid 
Security or to a Credit Linked Warrant, the relevant defined term set out in section 1.2 and 1.3 shall prevail. 
Likewise, in the event of any inconsistency between any defined term set out in this section 1.1 and any defined 
term set out in the sections below entitled "1.2 Definitions in respect of CLN, Hybrid Securities and Credit 
Linked Warrants (2014 ISDA DEFINITIONS VERSION)" , insofar as such defined term relates to a Certificate, 
the relevant defined term set out in section 1.1 shall prevail. Likewise, in the event of any inconsistency between 
any defined term set out in Condition 5.7 and any defined term set out in this section 1.1, any defined term set 
out in the sections below entitled "1.2 Definitions in respect of CLN, Hybrid Securities and Credit Linked 
Warrants (2014 ISDA DEFINITIONS VERSION)", insofar as such defined term relates to a Warrant, the 
relevant defined term set out in Condition 5.7 shall prevail.The terms used in the Conditions shall have the 
following meanings:

--- Page 61 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
61 
 
1.1 
DEFINITIONS IN RESPECT OF CERTIFICATES AND WARRANTS AND COMMON 
DEFINITIONS FOR CERTIFICATES, WARRANTS, CLNS AND HYBRID SECURITIES 
Accredited Financial Intermediary(ies) means any financial establishment authorised to keep accounts in the 
name of its clients in (i) Euroclear France (66, rue de la Victoire – 75009 Paris – France), and includes the 
depositary banks of Clearstream Luxembourg, société anonyme (42, avenue JF Kennedy – L-1855 Luxembourg 
– Grand Duché du Luxembourg), Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1, boulevard du Roi Albert II – 1210 Bruxelles – 
Belgique) and in case of Securities listed in SIX Swiss Exchange the depositary bank for SIX SIS SA., the Swiss 
securities services corporation (SIS) and (ii) the Depositary Trust Company (DTC), If so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Supplement. 
Acknowledgement of Pledge means the acknowledgement of pledging of securities account which is the 
certificate containing the inventory of the instruments and amounts recorded in the Pledged Account on the date 
of the acknowledgement issued by the Pledged Account Custodian.  
Automatic Early Settlement Amount means the automatic early settlement amount in cash and/or the quantity 
of Underlyings to which each Security gives entitlement at the time of its settlement, as soon as the Automatic 
Early Settlement Condition, as determined in accordance with the Technical Annex and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, occurs or is not met as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
accordance with one of the Pay-Off Formulas, provided that, only with respect to Warrants, if such amount is 
zero, no amount shall be payable on cancellation of the Warrant and such Warrant shall expire worthless. 
Automatic Early Valuation Date means, with respect to an Automatic Early Settlement, the date or dates 
specified in the Final Terms, or if such date(s) is(are) not an Exchange Business Day, the next Exchange 
Business Day. 
Basket of Multi Underlyings means a Certificate, Warrant or a Hybrid Security indexed to a combinaiton of 
several type of Underlyings such as Shares, Indices (which may therefore include a combinaiton of several 
Mono-Exchange Index(ices), Multi-Exchange Index(ices) and / or Proprietary Index(ices)), Fund Units, Futures 
Contracts, Exchange Rates, Reference Rates, Debt Securities, Listed Options, Commodities and / or Dynamic 
Portfolios.  
In that case any Market Disruption Event occurring on a Basket of Multi Underlying, the Valuation Date for all 
Underlyings of the Basket of Multi Underlyings, included those not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Underlying 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date for all Underlyings of the Basket of Multi Underlyings, including the 
Underlying affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, notwithstanding that such day is a Disrupted Day for 
the relevant affected Underlying and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value or the 
level as the case may be of that affected Underlying at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day, by 
taking into account any specifications if any indicated in the Condition of the relevant Underlying.  
In respect of the occurrence of any Event, which cannot be resolved by any adjustment specified for the relevant 
Underlying of the Basket of Multi Underlying affected by the Event, the Issuer may, for the avoidance of doubt, 
terminate its obligations as per specified in each Condition of the Underlying.  
Benchmark means the Floating Rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Business Day Convention means the business day convention specified in the Final Terms and, for Floating 
Rates, as defined by Condition 4.2.B. In the absence of specification in the Final Terms, except for the Floating 
Rates, the Business Day Convention will be Following Business Day.

--- Page 62 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
62 
 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
for the euro, a day when the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System known as TARGET 2 (TARGET 2) or any successor system is operating (a TARGET 2 
Business Day); and/or 
(ii) 
for a Settlement Currency other than the euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) when the 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets perform settlements on the principal financial market for 
this currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Settlement Currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the Business Centre(s)), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s), or if no 
currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centre(s) so specified. 
(iv) 
for any other reason, a day when the commercial banks are open and the foreign exchange markets are 
operating in Paris. 
Calculation Agent means Exane Derivatives or any other person or entity indicated as such in the Final Terms. 
The calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent will be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Holders and may not be challenged in the absence of a manifest 
error. 
Cash Settlement means, with respect to the Certificates, a settlement made in accordance with Condition 5.1.A. 
Certificate means a Security issued by the Issuer in accordance with this Base Prospectus as supplemented by 
the Final Terms, indexed to one or more Underlyings. 
Certificate of Valid Settlement means a certificate provided by Euroclear France or the Settlement 
Confirmation Agent and testifying that the Securities have been settled. The form of the Certificate of Valid 
Settlement appears in the Base Prospectus 
CMS means the "constant maturity swap" rate for the relevant maturity, as published on the relevant Screen 
Page. 
Coefficient Multiplier means a number, as indicated in the Final Terms. In accordance with Condition 4.8.(i), 
the Rate of Interest is equal to the Floating Rate multiplied by the Coefficient Multiplier.. 
Commodity shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.10. 
Company shall have the meaning given thereto in Condition 5.8 or Condition 5.16. 
Credit Linked Notes (or CLN) means a Security governed by Condition 1.2 (2014 ISDA Definitions), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purpose of this definition, (a) the terms Credit Linked Notes or 
CLN means, as the case may be, a CLN, the Credit Linked Portion of a Hybrid Security or a Credit Linked 
Warrant, (b) "Condition 1.2 (2003 ISDA Definitions)" means the Condition 1.2 of this Base Prospectus which 
refer to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as published by the ISDA. 
Currency means the currency in which the Securities are denominated as set out in the Final Terms which, 
subject to compliance with the applicable laws, regulations and directives, may be the Euro, the U.S. Dollar, the 
Pound Sterling, the Swiss Franc, the Yen or any other currency agreed by the Issuer and the Dealer. 
Day Count Fraction means, for the calculation of an interest amount for a Security over any period (beginning 
the first day of this period (including this day) and ending the last day (excluding this day)), whether or not this

--- Page 63 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
63 
 
period constitutes an Interest Period (hereinafter the Calculation Period), the number of days defined as 
follows: 
(i) 
if the terms Actual/365 - FBF or Actual/Actual - ISDA or Actual/Actual are specified in the Final 
Terms, this is the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or if any portion of this 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in this Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if the terms Actual/Actual - FBF are specified in the Final Terms, this is a fraction in which the 
numerator is the actual number of days in this period and the denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February is 
included in the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is greater than one year, the base is 
determined as follows:  
• 
the number of full years is counted from the last day of the Calculation Period; 
• 
this number is increased by the fraction over the relevant period, calculated as described in the first 
paragraph of this;  
(iii) 
if the term Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the Final Terms, this is the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if the term Actual/360 is specified in the Final Terms, this is the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if the terms 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis are specified in the relevant Final Terms, for each Calculation 
Period, this is a fraction in which the denominator is 360 and the numerator is the number of days in this 
period, calculated over a year of twelve 30-day months, with the following exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number of days in 
this month is the actual number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the period commencement date 
D2 (dd², mm², yy²) is the period end date 
The fraction is: 
 
(vi) 
if the terms 30/360 - FBF or Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) are specified in the Final Terms, 
for each Calculation Period, this is a fraction in which the denominator is 360 and the numerator is the 
number of days calculated as for the 30E/360 – FBF, with the following exception: 
when the last day of the Calculation Period is a 31 and the first is neither a 30 nor a 31, the last month of 
the Calculation Period shall be considered to be a 31-day month; 
using the same definitions as below for 30E/360 - FBF, the fraction is: 
if dd2 = 31 and dd1 ≠ (30, 31), 
(
)
(
)
(
)
(
)


30
 ,
1
dd
Min 
 - 
30
 ,
2
dd
Min 
 
 
30
 
 
1
mm
 - 
2
mm
 
 
360
 
 
1
yy
 - 
2
yy
 
 
360
1
+

+



--- Page 64 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
64 
 
then: 
 
(vii) 
if the terms Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Determination Dates and each a 
Determination Date) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period 
ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
(viii) if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities, the 
number of days in the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(ix) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Securities are 
Variable Rate Securities, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
(
)
(
)
(
)


1
2
1
2
1
2
dd
 - 
dd
 
 
30
 
 
mm
 - 
mm
 
 
360
 
 
yy
- 
 
 
360
1
+

+

yy

--- Page 65 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
65 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number is 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30. 
(x) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Debt Instrument shall have the meaning given thereto in Condition 5.16. All related expressions must be 
construed accordingly. 
Dynamic Portfolio shall have the meaning given thereto in Condition 5.17. 
Early Settlement Amount means in relation to each Securities, the fair market value of the relevant Security 
and/or the amount of Underlyings to Deliver, based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of 
determination and, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, adjusted to 
account fully for any reasonable Unwind Costs as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Eligible Financial Instruments mean the financial securities as defined in article L. 211-1 of the French 
monetary and financial code, including but not limited French or foreign transferable securities traded on a 
regulated market, shares or units in collective investment undertakings as defined in article L. 214-1 of the 
French monetary and financial code, or any other financial instrument as specified in the Final Terms. 
Exane Guarantee means the first demand guarantee issued by Exane SA pursuant to Article 2321 of the French 
civil code in favour of the Holders of Securities with respect to (en considération de) the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Securities pursuant to this Programme. The form (Conditions of the First Demand Guarante of Exane 
SA) of the Exane Guarantee appears in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 66 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
66 
 
Exchange shall have the meaning ascribed thereto for each Underlyingin Conditions 5.8 to 5.16. 
Exchange Business Day shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Conditions 5.8, 5.9, 5.10, 5.11, 5.12, 5.13, 
5.16 and 5.17. For the purpose of the hereof definition, “Fund Business Day” used in Condition 5.11 will mean 
“Exchange Business Day”. 
Exchange Business Day (All Multi Underlyings Basis) means an Exchange Business Day (as such term is 
defined for each Underlying specified in the relevant Final Terms) for each Underlying of the Certificate, the 
Warrant or the Hybrid Security when relating to a Basket of Multi Underlyings. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Multi Underlying Basis) means an Exchange Business Day (as such term is 
defined for each Underlying) for an Underlying of the Certificate, the Warrant or the Hybrid Security when 
relating to a Basket of Multi Underlyings. 
Exchange Rate shall have the meaning given thereto in Condition 5.14. 
Ex-Date means, for a specific Interest Payment Date, the date defined as such in the Final Terms, as from which 
no Interest will be due to a Holder for all negotiation of Securities after that date. 
FBF Definitions means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules as published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française and as amended, if applicable, on the Issue Date. Where an issue of Securities uses these 
definitions, they may be obtained from the Calculation Agent. 
Final Settlement Amount means, in respect of a Security, the settlement amount in cash and/or, if applicable 
the quantity of Underlyings to which each Security gives entitlement at the time of its settlement determined, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms and, 
if applicable, in accordance with one of the Pay-Off Formulas. 
Fixed Pledge Value means the fixed value of the Pledge as defined in the Final Terms as the case maybe. 
Fixed Rate means the fixed interest rate specified in the Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Business Day means that when this term is used in conjunction with the term “Business Day 
Convention” the business day convention as defined by Condition 4.2.B.  
Floating Rate means the variable rate, EURIBOR or LIBOR as defined in Condition 4.2 (C) (iii) (or, in the 
event that EURIBOR or LIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate as the financial 
industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate for EURIBOR or LIBOR for a currency, as 
applicable), or CMS, as indicated in the Final Terms. 
Following Business Day means that, when this term is used in conjunction with the term "Business Day 
Convention", any date which falls on a day which is not a Business Day shall be postponed to the first following 
Business Day. 
 
Force Majeure Event means that, in the opinion of the Issuer, on or after the Issue Date, the performance of the 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities is impossible and insurmountable due to the occurrence of any one of 
the following events, for which the Issuer is not accountable (being for the avoidance of doubt events which are 
not attributable to the Issuer), on the condition that the occurrence of such events renders the continuation of the 
Securities definitively impossible: 
 
(a) any act (other than a Market Disruption Event), law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive, 
interpretation, decree or material legislative or administrative interference of any Government Authority or 
otherwise; or

--- Page 67 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
67 
 
 
(b) the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political insurrection, terrorist activity of any 
kind, riot, public demonstration and/or protest, or any other financial, political or economic reasons or any other 
causes or impediments beyond such party's control; or 
 
(c) any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken or threatened by any 
Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of all or substantially all of its assets in the 
local currency jurisdiction. 
Formal Demand means the notice by which the Pledgee formally demandes to the Issuer, execution of the 
obligation of payement within the limit of the Secured Debt regarding a Security having the benefit of a pledging 
of securities account. The form of the Formal Demand to the Issuer appears in the Base Prospectus. 
Fund shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.11. 
Fund Unit shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.11 
Futures Contract shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.12. 
Government Authority means any nation, state or government, any province or other political subdivision 
thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any monetary or foreign exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or 
other instrumentality and any other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative 
functions of or pertaining to government. 
Hedging Party means the Issuer and/or any other entity of the Exane group (including Exane Derivatives) in 
relation to hedging operations linked to the issue of the Securities. 
Holder means each person (i) whose account with a relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary is credited with 
a specific number of Securities in the case of Securities in bearer form, (ii) whose name appears in the account of 
an account custodian designated by said person in the case of administered Securities, and (iii) whose name is 
listed in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registrar in the case of Securities held in an account with the Issuer. 
Independent Expert means an independent expert appointed by the Calculation Agent. 
Index(Indices) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Conditions 5.9. 
Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge means the document appearing in the Base Prospectus allowing for 
the enforcement of the Pledge. 
Interbank Rate means the interbank overnight rate in the specified Currency, as defined in the Final Terms. 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable as defined in Condition 4.9, determined in accordance 
with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms and, if so specified, in accordance with one of the Pay-Off 
Formulas. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Securities or any other date that may be indicated in 
the Final Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to an Rate of Interest and an Interest Period, the date defined 
as such in the Final Terms or, if no date is specified, (i) the date that is two TARGET 2 Business Days prior to 
the first day of said Interest Period if the Settlement Currency is the euro, or (ii) the first day of said Interest 
Period if the Settlement Currency is the Pound Sterling, or (iii) if the Settlement Currency is neither the Pound 
Sterling nor the euro, the date in the city indicated in the Final Terms that is two Business Days prior to the first 
day of said Interest Period.

--- Page 68 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
68 
 
Interest Payment Date means the date or dates indicated in the Final Terms, subject to the applicable Business 
Day Convention. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on the Interest Commencement Date (inclusive) and ending on the 
first Interest Payment Date (exclusive) as well as each following period beginning on an Interest Payment Date 
(inclusive) and ending on the following Interest Payment Date (exclusive). 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Associations, Inc., and as amended, if applicable, on the Issue Date. Where an issue of Securities uses these 
definitions, they may be obtained from the Calculation Agent. 
ISIN Code(s) means the International Securities Identification Number code of the Securities or, as the case may 
be, of an Underlying, specified as such in the applicable provision of the applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Date means the date indicated as such in the Final Terms. 
Issue Price means the price on the basis on which the Securities may be issued (expressed either (i) a percentage 
of the Nominal Value or (ii) an amount in currency of each Security) agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer 
and as specified in the Final Terms. 
Issue Size means in respect of a Series or a Tranche the size of the issue specified in the Final Terms and 
expressed in nominal or unit (number of Securities)  
Listed Option(s) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.13. 
Management Company shall have the meaning given thereto in Condition 5.11. 
Margin means the percentage that must be added or deducted from the Floating Rate in order to calculate the 
Rate of Interest in accordance with Condition 4.8 of the Final Terms. 
Maturity Date means (i) with respect to the Certificates, the date indicated as such in the Final Terms, (ii) with 
respect to the CLN, the Credit Linked Warrants and the Hybrid Securities, the meaning defined in Condition 1.2 
and (iii) with respect to the Warrants, the Exercise Date indicated as such in the Final Terms. 
Minimum Pledge Value means the minimum value of the Pledge on each Pledge Calculation Date as defined in 
the Final Terms as the case maybe. 
Minimum Trading Number means the minimum trading amount of Securities specified in the Final Terms. 
Modified Following Business Day means that, when this term is used in conjunction with the term "Business 
Day Convention", any date which falls on a day which is not a Business Day shall be postponed to the first 
following Business Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day. 
Moody's means the ratings agency Moody's Investors Service Inc. and any successor thereof. 
Multi Underlyings means a Certificate, a Warrant or a Hybrid Security indexed on similar type of Underlyings 
or a combinaison of Underlyings, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Nominal Value means the nominal value assigned to the Securities in the Final Terms, subject to compliance 
with the applicable laws, regulations and directives. 
Option Threshold Trigger means (i) the applicable ratio between the outstanding number of Certificates and 
the Issue Size as provided in the Final Terms which may trigger an optional settlement by the Issuer of the 
Certificates or (ii) the applicable amount expressed in the currency as provided in the Final Terms which may

--- Page 69 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
69 
 
trigger an optional settlement by the Issuer of the Certificates. In the absence of such provision, the Option 
Threshold Trigger shall be deemed to be the applicable ratio equal to or lower than 10% of the Issue Size. 
Optional Settlement Amount means the fair market value of the relevant Security and/or the quantity of 
Underlyings to be delivered on the Optional Settlement Date, determined by the Calculation Agent or the amount 
determined in accordance with one of the Pay-Off Formulas, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Partial Settlement means that in the case of a partial settlement or partial exercise by the Issuer of its settlement 
option at the Issuer’s discretion, such a settlement shall be effected by reduction of the Nominal Value of the 
Certificates in proportion to the nominal amount paid. 
Physical Settlement means, with respect to the Certificates, a settlement made in accordance with Condition 
5.1.B. 
Pledge means, for each relevant Series of Securities, the pledging of securities account pursuant to Article L. 
211-20 and Articles D. 211-20 and following of the Monetary and Financial Code given by Exane Derivatives as 
Pledgor. 
Pledge Calculation Date means the date referred to in the Final Terms. 
Pledged Account Custodian means BNP Paribas Securities Services or any other Pledged Account Custodian 
indicated in the Final Terms pursuant to Condition 3.3.E and 13.3. 
Pledged Account means, for each Pledge, the financial instruments account pledged, the references of which 
appear in the Statement of Pledge. 
Pledgee means Exane Derivatives, the initial subscriber of the Securities described in the Final Terms, residing 
at 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France, as well as any subsequent Holder of one or more Securities (i) whose 
name appears in the books of an Accredited Financial Intermediary (i.e., any financial institution authorised to 
hold accounts in the name of its clients on Euroclear France or in the books of any other depositary nominated in 
the Final Terms (such as SIX SIS SA in Switzerland), including the current depositary bank of Clearstream 
Banking, a joint stock company, or any bank that may succeed it in this capacity, and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as 
operator of the Euroclear system) with Euroclear France, in the case of bearer or administered registered 
Securities, or (ii) whose name appears in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registrar in the case of Securities in 
pure registered form. 
Pledgor means Exane Derivatives, holder of the Pledged Account, in its capacity as constituent of the Pledge. 
Preceding Business Day means that, when this term is used in conjunction with the term "Business Day 
Convention", any date is not a Business Day so that this date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
Price Source shall have the meaning given thereto in Condition 5.10. 
Quantity of Eligible Financial Instruments means the number of Eligible Financial Instruments in the Pledged 
Account, as defined in the Final Terms as the case maybe.  
Rate of Interest means the yield (expressed as a percentage) to which the Securities give right and which is 
determined in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities and specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Reference Banks means the five major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
relevant rate (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant rate, shall be the euro-zone).

--- Page 70 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
70 
 
Reference Date means, for any Security, the date on which the amount still due on the relevant Securities is paid 
in full. 
Reference Date for the Holder means the date as specified in the Final Terms and as from which the Holder 
may exercise its settlement option at the Holder’s discretion as detailed in Conditions 5.5. 
Reference Date for the Issuer means the date as specified in the Final Terms and as from which the Issuer may 
exercise its settlement option at the Issuer’s discretion as detailed in Conditions 5.4. 
Reference Financial Market means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is 
most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone, and in the case of LIBOR, 
shall be London) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
Reference Market shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.9. 
Reference Rate shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.15. 
Reference Time means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Reference 
Financial Market specified in the relevant Final Terms or if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Market at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the 
Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Market and for this purpose "local time" means, with 
respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Market 11:00 a.m (Brussels time). 
Registrar means the establishment specified as such in the Final Terms, which may be responsible, in the case 
of Securities held in an account with the Issuer, for keeping the register in which Holders are recorded on behalf 
of the Issuer. 
Related Exchange shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Conditions 5.8, 5.9, 5.10, 5.11, 5.16 and 5.17. 
Relevant Rate means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Currency for a period (if applicable or 
appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Representative Amount means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen 
Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
or if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
Scheduled Maturity Date means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
Significant Alteration Event means any event or circumstance or combination of events or circumstances 
occurring after the Issue Date that is not attributable to the Issuer but which has as its consequence that the 
economic balance of the Securities between the Issuer on the one hand and the Holders on the other hand as at 
the Issue Date is significantly altered, where such event constitutes an Illegality Event or Change in Law or 
causes a material increased cost for the Issuer as a consequence of a change in tax laws, solvency or regulatory 
capital requirements, nationalisation, or regulatory action, or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any other 
event of a similar nature that comply with the above conditions, but, in each case, where such event does not 
constitute a Force Majeure Event. 
SIX Swiss Exchange means the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. 
SIX SIS SA has been part of SIX Group since January 2008. SIX Group was formed at the beginning of 2008 
through the merger of SWX Group, SIX SIS Group and Telekurs Group.

--- Page 71 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
71 
 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency in which 
the Securities are denominated. 
Specified Period means the period defined as such in the Final Terms. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Multi Underlyings Basis) means a Scheduled Trading Day (as such term is 
defined for each Underlying specified in the relevant Final Terms) for each Underlying of the Certificate, the 
Warrant or the Hybrid Security when relating to a Basket of Multi Underlyings. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Multi Underlying Basis) means a Scheduled Trading Day (as such term is 
defined for each Underlying) for an Underlying of the Certificate, the Warrant or the Hybrid Security when 
relating to a Basket of Multi Underlyings. 
Screen Page means the reference page of the quotation source as set out in the Final Terms, except for 
Certificates in respect of which a specific definition is provided in Condition 5.15. 
Secured Debt means each payment obligation and liability as described in the Final Terms, whether present or 
future, actual, contingent or owed jointly or severally (or any other capacity whatsoever), secured by the Pledge, 
within the limits of the mark to market of the Securities without Issuer spread. 
Securities means the Certificates, the Warrants, the CLN and the Hybrid Securities. 
Settlement Amount means the Final Settlement Amount, the Early Settlement Amount, the Optional Settlement 
Amount, the Automatic Early Settlement Amount and/or the Interest Amount. 
Settlement Confirmation Agent means BNP Paribas Securities Services or any other person or entity indicated 
as such in the Final Terms. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as set out in the Final Terms and used for the payment of 
any amount in respect of the Securities or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Securities are 
denominated. Any amount not denominated in the Settlement Currency and used to pay any amount in respect of 
the Securities shall be converted into the Settlement Currency using the Dual Currency Exchange Rate (the Dual 
Currency Securities). 
Settlement Date means, as the case may be, the Maturity Date, the settlement date for an Early Settlement, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Date, the Optional Settlement Date or if on of these dates is not a Business Day, the 
following Business Day. 
Share(s) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.8. 
Specified Duration means with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate 
Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Period, ignoring any adjustment. 
Sponsor shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.9. 
Statement of Pledge means each statement of pledging of securities account signed by the Pledgor for the 
constitution of each Pledge. The form of the Statement of Pledge appears in the Base Prospectus. 
Substitute Underlying means a Substitute Share, a Substitute Index, a Substitute Fund Unit, a Substitute 
Futures Contract, a Substitute Debt Instrument, a Substitute Exchange Rate, a Substitute Listed Option or a 
Substitute Commodity. 
Substitution shall have the meaning given thereto for each Underlying in Conditions 5.8 to 5.16.

--- Page 72 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
72 
 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Tranche(s) means Securities which are identical in all respect except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Date(s) and/or Issue Size and constitutes together with the first Tranche and any further 
Tranche(s) of Securities a Series  
Underlying means a Share, an Index, a Fund Unit, a Futures Contract, an Exchange Rate, a Reference Rate, a 
Debt Instrument, a Listed Option, a Commodity, a Dynamic Portfolio, a credit risk or a hybrid risk. 
Unwind Costs means any reasonable expenses or costs to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying and/or related 
hedging and funding arrangements (including, without limitation, any options, swaps or other instruments of any 
type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Securities). 
Valuation Date means, for a Certificate or a Warrant (other than a Certificate or Warrant linked to a Fund or 
Fund Basket where Valuation Date shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.11), the date or dates 
specified in the Final Terms, or if such date(s) is(are) not an Exchange Business Day, the following Exchange 
Business Day. For the sake of clarity, any Optional Valuation Date, Averaging Valuation Date, Daily Valuation 
Date, Coupon Valuation Date, or any other valuation date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date. 
Valuation Time shall have the meaning ascribed thereto for each Underlying in Conditions 5.8 to 5.17 and in 
Condition 1.2 for the CLN and the Hybrid Securities. 
Warrant means a Security issued by the Issuer in accordance with this Base Prospectus as supplemented by the 
Final Terms, (i) creating options exercisable by the relevant Holder or (ii) which will be automatically exercised 
as provided herein to one or more Underlyings or (iii) which will be linked to the creditworthiness of one or 
more reference entity/ies (the Credit Linked Warrants).

--- Page 73 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
73 
 
1.2 
DEFINITIONS IN RESPECT OF CLN, HYBRID SECURITIES AND CREDIT LINKED 
WARRANTS (2014 ISDA DEFINITIONS VERSION)  
For the purpose of the present Condition 1.2, the term CLN means, as the case may be, the CLN or, the 
Credit Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities or the Credit Linked Warrants. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
Unless "NTCE Provisions" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions 
shall apply for the purpose of the Securities. 
(a) Outstanding Principal Balance 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(i) first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's principal payment 
obligations and, where applicable in accordance with Security Condition (Accrual of Interest), the Reference 
Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of 
(A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the 
Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying 
Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation, (A) is 
subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (i) less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this 
paragraph (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(iii) third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding Principal 
Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (I) the Notice of 
Physical Settlement (NOPS) Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on 
or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the relevant Valuation Date; and 
(B) with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as such laws 
reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (B) above, "applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other law affecting creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject. 
Unless "Fallback Discounting" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted 
under paragraph (B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five per 
cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent. 
of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the 
accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or 
Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an 
amount determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced 
under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable.

--- Page 74 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
74 
 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a Loan is less 
than ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, 
where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount advanced of 
the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at 
the time of such exchange (determined without regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); 
and 
(y) in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued by the Reference 
Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt 
obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for the Original 
Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining 
the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the 
interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange 
and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or, if none, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
such manner and by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate. 
(b) Failure to Pay 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to make, 
when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one 
or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the 
redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the 
redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
Unless "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly 
either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In 
making such determination, the Calculation Agent may take into account the guidance note set out in paragraph 
3 (Interpretive Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (published on July 15, 2019). 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by reason of 
maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance with the terms of such 
obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable 
insolvency laws. 
Affiliate means in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity 
that controls, directly or indirectly the person or any entity under direct or indirect common control with the 
person. As used herein "control" means the ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or, as the 
case may be, the Issuer and "controlled by" and "controls" shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 75 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
75 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount means at any time: 
 
(i) 
For a Basket CLN or an Index CLN that is not a Tranched CLN, the sum of the Loss Amount in respect 
of all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred or 
 
(ii) 
For a Tranched CLN, the lowest of  
(a) 
The Tranche Nominal Value; and  
(b) 
The highest of (1) zero and (2) the difference between (x) the sum of the Loss Amount for all 
Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and (y) the 
Tranche Subordination Amount 
Alternative Settlement Amount means, for the purpose of Cash Settlement Amount and Auction Settlement 
Amount, a First Alternative Settlement Amount, the Second Alternative Settlement Amount or the Third 
Alternative Settlement Amount as specified in the Final Terms. This amount will be settled to the Holders of 
each CLN according to the Settlement Method specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Alternative Settlement End Date has the meaning set out in Condition 6.7. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other consent 
fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or provided by the 
Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realized or capable of being realised in circumstances 
where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by reference 
to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion received 
or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event (which may 
include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant 
Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest 
Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
 
(i) 
if Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention is specified as “Applicable” in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a Restructuring in respect of the 
Reference Obligation, if Restructuring is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms and such 
Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(ii) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and Restructuring is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable 
Final Terms, a Restructuring,  
 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice. 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package Credit 
Event occurs prior to the First Credit Event Occurrence Date or such later date determined by the Calculation 
Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Position, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no 
Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial 
banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a lender or a

--- Page 76 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
76 
 
member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, 
if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrower if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or 
any agent. 
Attachment Point means in respect of Tranche CLN, the number (expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Auction means the auction procedure governed by the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
(notwithstanding that the CLNs are not an Auction Covered Transaction (as defined in the DC Rules) for the 
purpose of those terms). 
Auction Cancellation Date has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
Auction Final Price shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
Auction Final Price Determination Date has the meaning set forth in the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Auction Settlement means, in respect of a CLN for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, that 
the Settlement Method in the Final Terms is “Auction Settlement” and that the Final Settlement Amount will be 
determined by reference to the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Settlement Amount means any of a First Alternative Settlement Amount, except the First Alternative 
Settlement Amount(3), the Second Alternative Settlement Amount or the Third Alternative Settlement Amount 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Auction Settlement Date means: 
(i) 
if European Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
a. 
for a Single Name CLN, the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the number of 
Business Days specified in the Final Terms after the later of (1) the date on which the Auction 
Final Price is determined or (2) (if applicable) the date on which the settlement of any Hedging 
Transaction occurs; or 
b. for a Basket CLN, with respect to a Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred, the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the number of Business 
Days specified in the Final Terms after the later of (1) the date on which the Auction Final 
Price is determined or (2) (if applicable) the date on which the settlement of any Hedging 
Transaction occurs; and 
 
(ii) if American Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
a.  for a Single Name CLN, the date that is the number of Business Days as shall be specified in 
the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, three (3) Business Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date. The Auction Settlement Date shall be the Maturity Date in this case ; or 
b. for a Basket CLN, with respect to a Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred, the date that is the number of Business Days as shall be specified in the 
relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, three (3) Business Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date.     
Average Blended Highest means, with respect to more than one Reference Obligation and more than one 
Valuation Date, using values with respect to each Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent in

--- Page 77 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
77 
 
accordance with the Blended Highest Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the values so 
determined with respect to each Valuation Date. 
Average Blended Market means, with respect to more than one Reference Obligation and more than one 
Valuation Date, using values with respect to each Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Blended Market Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the values so 
determined with respect to each Valuation Date. 
Average Highest means, with respect to only one Reference Obligation and more than one Valuation Date, the 
unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent (in accordance with the 
definition of Final Price) with respect to each Valuation Date. 
Average Market means, with respect to only one Reference Obligation and more than one Valuation Date, the 
unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each 
Valuation Date. 
Bankruptcy means the Reference Entity  
 
(i) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
 
(ii) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or 
administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
 
(iii) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
 
(iv) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or 
(ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 calendar days of the 
institution or presentation thereof or before the Scheduled Exercise Date; 
 
(v) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
 
(vi) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
 
(vii) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially 
all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty (30) calendar days thereafter; or 
 
(viii) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of this definition of 
Bankruptcy. 
Blended Highest means, with respect to more than one Reference Obligation and only one Valuation Date, the 
unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent (in accordance with the 
definition of Final Price) for each Reference Obligation with respect to the Valuation Date.

--- Page 78 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
78 
 
Blended Market means, with respect to more than one Reference Obligation and only one Valuation Date, the 
unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values determined by the Calculation Agent for each Reference 
Obligation with respect to the Valuation Date. 
Bond means any obligation that is of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is in the 
form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security 
or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for 
which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of 
borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising 
from drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
Cash Settlement means, in respect of a CLN for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the 
Settlement Method in the Final Terms is “Cash Settlement”. 
Cash Settlement Amount means any of the First Alternative Settlement Amounts, the Second Alternative 
Settlement Amount or the Third Alternative Settlement Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms.   
Cash Settlement Date means : 
 
(i) 
if American Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) 
for a Single Name CLN, thirty (30) Business Days (or such shorter period as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) after the later of (i) the date on which the Final Price of the relevant Valuation 
Obligation(s) is determined and (ii) (if applicable) the date on which the settlement of any Hedging 
Transaction occurs; or 
(b) 
for a Basket CLN, with respect to a Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred, thirty (30) Business Days (or such shorter period as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) after the later of (i) the date on which the Final Price of the relevant Valuation Obligation(s) is 
determined and (ii) (if applicable) the date on which the settlement of any Hedging Transaction occurs; 
and 
 
(ii) 
if European Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) 
for a Single Name CLN, the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the number of 
Business Days specified in the Final Terms after the later of (1) the date on which the Final Price of the 
relevant Valuation Obligation(s) is determined, (2) the determination of a Credit Event Determination 
Date or (3) (if applicable) the date on which the settlement of any Hedging Transaction occurs; or 
(b) 
for a Basket CLN, with respect to a Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred, the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the number of Business Days 
specified in the Final Terms after the later of (1) the date on which the Final Price of the relevant 
Valuation Obligation(s) is determined, (2) the determination of a Credit Event Determination Date or (3) 
(if applicable) the date on which the settlement of any Hedging Transaction occurs. 
CDS Market Disruption Event means, at any time that credit default swap(s) are required to be notionally 
entered into or terminated in connection with the issuance of the Securities, the Calculation Agent in good faith, 
determines that there are, at such time, prevailing market conditions (including the liquidity of the relevant 
market) such that credit default swap(s) cannot be not be transacted on commercially reasonable terms (whether 
as to price or otherwise) or it would not otherwise be economically viable or it would be impossible or 
undesirable for any other reason outside the control of the Issuer to notionally enter into or terminate credit 
default swap(s).

--- Page 79 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
79 
 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without the consent of 
any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds and in each case, as of the 
date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Transaction, and in each case, as of the 
date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedging Transactions, provided, however, that 
an Deliverable obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that 
consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of an obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the 
relevant obligor if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, 
assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a obligation be 
provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of the definition of Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation. 
Conditions to Settlement in relation to the occurrence of a Credit Event in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity will be satisfied when either (a) ISDA publicly announces on or prior to the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Credit Event 
has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date, provided that such 
resolution has not been cancelled prior to the Auction Settlement Date and that the Credit Event Determination 
Date Conditions have been satisfied or (b) the Issuer has delivered to the Calculation Agent and the Holders on 
or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period, a Credit Event Notice, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information and, as applicable, a Notice of Physical Settlement. 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation below. 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent of the 
relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrower if a 
Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent.  
Unless otherwise specified in the related Final Terms, if the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic Assignable 
Loan is specified as Applicable in the related Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with 
respect to Loans and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by the specified Deliverable Obligation 
Category. 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any 
successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established by ISDA pursuant to the 
DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions (including, but not limited to, the determination of the 
occurrence of a Credit Event and the establishment of the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) in connection 
with “Credit Derivative Transactions” as more fully described in the DC Rules. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means:  
 
(i) 
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to a Repudiation/Moratorium, if 
applicable, the event described in paragraph (b) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium) for the 
purposes of the relevant Securities, as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is sixty (60) calendar 
days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is sixty (60) calendar days prior to the earlier of:

--- Page 80 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
80 
 
(a) 
if the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied during the Notice Delivery Period, the day on which 
the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied ; and 
(b) 
if the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied during the Post Dismissal Additional Period, the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date. 
 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
Credit Event Determination Date Conditions means, if Auction Settlement is specified in the Final Terms, the 
satisfaction of the following conditions:  
 
(i) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, No Auction 
Announcement Date or Auction Cancellation Date, as applicable; 
 
(ii) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurs on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period 
(including prior to the Trade Date); and 
 
(iii) 
ISDA publicly announces (including prior to the Trade Date) that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Obligation thereof and that such event has occurred on or after 
the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Credit Event Determination Date means in relation to a Credit Event with respect to which a Credit Event 
Notice has been delivered, the date on which the Conditions to Settlement are, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith, satisfied. 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notice that is effective during the Notice Delivery Period delivered 
by on or behalf of the Issuer to the Holder’s confirming the occurrence of a Credit Event and describing in 
reasonable detail the facts relevant to the determination that such Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event 
that is subject of a Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the Credit Event that is the subject of Credit 
Event Determination Date.  
 
If Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the related Final Terms and a Credit Event Notice 
contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice will also be deemed to be Publicly Available 
Information. 
Credit Event Portion means, in the case of any Credit Event, a Nominal Value of CLNs equal to: 
 
(i) 
in the case of Basket CLNs, (i) the Reference Price of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Credit 
Event Notice has been given expressed as a proportion of the aggregate of the Reference Prices of all the 
Reference Entities specified in the Final Terms multiplied by (ii) the initial aggregate Nominal Value of 
the CLNs; or  
 
(ii) 
in all other cases, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 100 per cent of the then aggregate 
outstanding Nominal Value of the CLNs. 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, as 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to such 
DC Credit Event Question.

--- Page 81 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
81 
 
Credit Event(s) means, with respect to a CLN or a Reference Entity as determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
occurrence of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, 
Obligation Acceleration, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event 
whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
 
(i) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation or, as 
applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
 
(ii) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Obligation 
or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
 
(iii) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any 
change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or 
judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described; or 
 
(iv) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
Credit-Linked Portion means the portion of the Nominal Value of the Hybrid Securities linked to one or more 
Reference Entities which do not form part of the Underlyings. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement by its 
secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the 
Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled 
Exercise Date, as applicable, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to 
Pay, in the case of an extension of the Grace Period, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium. 
DC Credit Event Question means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a 
Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity (or one or more Obligations thereof). 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the 
DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that is 
the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference 
Entity (or one or more Obligations thereof). 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determination Committees Rules published by ISDA on its website 
www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in 
accordance with the terms therof. 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
Default Requirement means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified in the related Final Terms and in any 
case its equivalent in any currency or currencies.

--- Page 82 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
82 
 
Deliver means: 
 
(i) 
to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the Guarantee), 
assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Deliverable 
Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary 
actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where only 
equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Deliverable Obligations to 
the relevant holder free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any 
liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including, without limitation, 
any counterclaim, defense (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set out in (a) to (d) 
in the definition of "Credit Event" above) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any 
applicable Underlying Obligor); provided that (i) if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan 
Participation, "Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation of) a participation in favor of the relevant 
Holder and (ii) if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the 
Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, 
"Deliver" means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts 
which are subject to such Fixed Cap and those claims shall be deemed to be Deliverable Obligations. 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
 
(ii) 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, provided 
further that Delivery shall be effected complying with the provisions of any documentation (which shall 
include any market advisory that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to 
approve for such purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
constitutes documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, 
as such documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and payment obligations of the 
parties hereunder. Compliance with the provisions of any such documentation, shall be required for, and, 
without further action, constitute, Delivery. 
 
(iii) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (a) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement, as applicable, may be satisfied by 
Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same 
currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the 
Asset Package Credit Event, (b) paragraphs (i) and (ii) above shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in 
the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for 
these purposes, (c) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business 
Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified the Holders in accordance with the detailed 
description of the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver, (d) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to 
make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of 
each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (e) if the relevant Asset is a Non-
Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash 
equal to the Asset Maket Value and the term "Asset Package" shall be construed accordingly. 
Deliverable Obligations means: 
 
(i) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any); 
 
(ii) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), described by 
the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and having each of the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms (as of the date on 
which the Calculation Agent determines that such obligations are Deliverable Obligations);

--- Page 83 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
83 
 
 
(iii) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, 
and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
 
(iv) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if “Financial Reference Entity 
Terms” is specified as “Applicable” in respect of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms.) or 
any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
 
in each case, (a) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation; and (b) provided that the obligation has an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount which is greater than zero (determined for the 
purposes of paragraph (iv) above of this definition, immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event). 
 
(For purposes of assessing the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the requirements 
specified in the definition of Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, any such assessment shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
 
If “Subordinated European Insurance Terms” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, if a 
Deliverable Obligation would otherwise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, 
the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in the relevant Deliverable Obligation shall not cause such 
Deliverable Obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
 
Solely in relation to a Restructuring applicable to a Sovereign Reference Entity, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation (but excluding any Excluded Deliverable Obligation) that (i) is payable in an amount 
equal to its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, (ii) is not subject to any 
counterclaim, defence or right of set off by or of a Reference Entity or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor and 
(iii) in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee other than a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, is capable, at the Delivery 
Commencement Date, of immediate assertion or demand by or on behalf of the holder or holders for an amount 
at least equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount being Delivered apart from the 
giving of any notice of non-payment or similar procedural requirement, it being understood that acceleration of 
an Underlying Obligation shall not be considered a procedural requirement; and  
 
Any other obligation of a Reference Entiy specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that: 
(i) 
where the Issuer is to redeem the CLN by means of Physical Settlement, if “Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable” are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and Restructuring is only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then a Deliverable 
Obligation may be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement only if it (A) is a Fully Transferable 
Obligation, and (B) has a final maturity date not later than the Restructuring Date; and 
(ii) 
where the Issuer is to redeem the CLN by means of Physical Settlement, if “Mod R Applicable” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event 
Notice, then a Deliverable Obligation may be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement only if it (A) 
is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation, and (B) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Restructuring Date. 
 
The Deliverable Obligation to be Delivered by the Issuer to the Holders shall have an Outstanding Principal 
Balance (excluding accrued interest) equal to the Outstanding Nominal Value of the CLN subject to Condition 6. 
 
If the term “Deliverable Obligation” is to apply to CLN to be redeemed by the Issuer by means of Cash 
Settlement, references to “Delivery Commencement Date” shall be deemed to be references to “Valuation Date”

--- Page 84 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
84 
 
Deliverable Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of Reference Obligation Only, 
no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means, as of the Delivery Commencement Date, any one or more of 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics which are set out in the Final Terms, from amongst: Listed, Not 
Domestic Issuance, Not Subordinated, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency , Not Domestic Law, 
Specified Currency, Assignable Loan, Consent required Loan, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or 
Matured and Not Bearer, Direct Loan Participation.  
If more than one Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan are specified as Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics in the applicable Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligation may include any Loan that satisfies any 
one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics.  
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to 
satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
Delivery Commencement Date has the meaning set out in Condition 6.5. 
Delivery Expenses has the meaning set out in Condition 11. 
Detachement Point means in respect of Tranche CLN the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, the Issuer is 
capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of the Holder(s) that provides the 
Holder(s) with recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant 
Loan which are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each 
Holder(s) and either (A) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), as the case may be, (to the extent that the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), as applicable, is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending 
syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and any successor 
currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor currency of (a) the 
Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is 
organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
Domestic Law means the law (a) of the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign or (b) 
the jurisdiction of organisation of the relevant Reference Entity if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the 
Qualifying Guarantee, more than fifty (50) per cent owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under the 
obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of 
default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion of such amount 
which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance

--- Page 85 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
85 
 
(other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with 
the terms of the obligation in effect on the date selected by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Transaction. 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
Eligible Transferee means each of the following:  
(i) 
any bank or other financial institution, insurance or reinsurance company, mutual fund, unit trust or 
similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity specified in clause (iii)(a) below) and registered 
or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship); provided, however, in each 
case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(ii) 
any affiliate of an entity specified in clause (i) above; 
(iii) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(a) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of collateralised 
debt obligations (CDO), commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) that (1) has 
total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (2) is one of a group of investment vehicles under 
common control or management having, in aggregate, total assets of at least USD 100,000,000; or 
(b) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(c) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract, or transaction are guaranteed or otherwise 
supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement by an entity described in 
clauses (i), (ii), (iii)(b), (iv) or (v) of this definition; or 
(iv) 
any Sovereign; or 
(v) 
any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns 
including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development. 
All references in this definition to USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
 
(i) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
 
(ii) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have been 
stripped; and 
 
(iii) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event.

--- Page 86 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
86 
 
Excluded Obligation means : 
 
(i) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
 
(ii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (i) the 
relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (ii) 
there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether 
a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
 
(iii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, 
then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any 
Further Subordinated Obligation. 
Exercise Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 7. 
Extension Date means the later of: 
(a) 
the last day of the Grace Period Extension Period if (i) Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable, 
(ii) Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit Event in relation to a Reference Entity and (iii) the Calculation 
Agent delivers an Extension Notice under paragraph (b) of the definition thereof; and  
(b) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if (i) Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event 
in relation to a Reference Entity and (ii) the Calculation Agent delivers an Extension Notice under 
paragraph (b) of the definition thereof. 
Extension Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Holders giving notice of the 
following in relation to a Reference Entity: 
 
(a) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(b) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to make, 
when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one 
or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the 
redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the 
redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
Fallback Settlement Method means Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement as specified in the Final Terms. 
Fallback to Cash Settlement Valuation Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.6. 
Final Delivery Date has the meaning set out in Condition 6.6.

--- Page 87 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
87 
 
Final Price means, (1) with respect to a Valuation Obligation, either (a) a quotation (expressed as a percentage) 
of such Valuation Obligation obtained from a number of Quotation Dealers (selected in good faith by the 
Calculation Agent) in the manner provided below or (b) the relevant price obtained by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf from counterparty(ies) to the relevant Hedging Transaction(s) in the manner 
agreed between the Issuer, the Calculation Agent on its behalf and the relevant counterparty(ies); or  
(2) the fixed price as indicated in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Calculation Agent will determine, based on the then current market practice, whether such quotations or 
prices will include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and all quotations or prices will be obtained in 
accordance with this determination. With regard to quotations obtained in accordance with (a) above, the 
Calculation Agent will require each Quotation Dealer to provide quotations to the extent reasonably practicable 
at the Valuation Time. 
 
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent obtains more than three (3) Full Quotations on the Valuation Date, the Final 
Price will be the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations with the 
highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or 
lowest value, than one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations will be disregarded). 
 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain more than three (3) Full Quotations, but obtains exactly three 
(3) Full Quotations on the Valuation Date, the Final Price will be the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotation have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotation will be 
disregarded). 
 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain three (3) Full Quotations, but obtains exactly two (2) Full 
Quotations on the Valuation Date, the Final Price will be the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations. 
 
(iv) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) Full Quotations on the same Business Day within 
three (3) Business Days following the Valuation Date, on the next following Business Day (and, if 
necessary on each Business Day thereafter until the fifteenth (15) Business Day following the relevant 
Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain at least three (3) Full Quotations from 
Quotation Dealers and, if at least two (2) Full Quotations are not available, the Final Price shall be a 
Weighted Average Quotation. 
 
(v) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain at least two (2) Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation within such period, the Final Price will be an amount as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith (which for the avoidance of doubt, may be zero). 
Final Settlement Amount means: 
(i) for a CLN, unless the CLN has been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, and provided that (a) 
the Calculation Agent has not sent an Extension Notice or a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer and to the Holders 
on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period and (b) no Adjustment Event has occurred, the Final 
Settlement Amount Nominal Value. Otherwise, in the case of the occurrence of a Credit Event and upon 
satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement, it means the Cash Settlement Amount, Auction Settlement Amount 
or Physical Settlement Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) for Hybrid Securities, unless the Hybrid Securities have been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, and provided that (a) the Calculation Agent has not sent an Extension Notice or a Credit Event Notice 
to the Issuer and to the Holders on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period and (b) no Adjustment 
Event has occurred, the sum of the Final Settlement Amount Nominal Value for the Credit-Linked Portion and 
the Underlying Settlement Amount. Otherwise, it means, in the case of the occurrence of one or several Credit 
Events and upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement, an amount determined according to the formula

--- Page 88 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
88 
 
detailed in the Technical Annex of the Base Prospectus in paragraph VI.9 which details among others the 
Settlement Amount applicable to the Credit Linked Portion (or its Fair Market Value, as the case may be and as 
detailed in Condition 6.2.A.), and in the case of an Adjustment Event, the amount as detailed in Condition 6.8.F.. 
Final Settlement Amount Nominal Value means:  
 
(a) with respect to a CLN, the Credit-linked Portion of a Hybrid Security or a Credit Linked Warrant; and  
(b) provided that no Credit Event Determination Date and no Adjustment Event has occurred,  
 
the Fixed Settlement Amount specified as such in the Final Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Final Settlement Amount Nominal Value shall mean the Nominal Value of the Security. 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the 
Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed 
Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for 
these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall 
not be considered to be variable inputs). 
Full Quotation means in accordance to the Quotation Method each, firm bid quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time to the extent practicable for an amount of the Reference Obligation with 
an Outstanding Principal Amount or Due and Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, 
or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being 
required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of each such date as the 
Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Transactions. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered as a 
requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation".  
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
Governmental Authority means: 
 
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof);  
 
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; 
 
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged 
with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Reference 
Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
 
(iv) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above. 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of 
action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring 
and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the 
Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under 
the terms of such Obligation:

--- Page 89 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
89 
 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or accrual of interest, 
or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Obligation; 
 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
 
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii). 
 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means subject to (i) and (ii) below the applicable grace period with respect to payments under and 
in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or 
incurred: 
 
(i) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, a Potential Failure to 
Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its 
terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser 
of such grace period and the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no period is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, thirty (30) calendar days; and 
 
(ii) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to payments 
or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three (3) Grace Period Business Days is applicable 
under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed 
to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant 
Obligation or if a place or places are not so specified (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET 2 
Business Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension means the number of days in the Grace Period after the Potential Failure to Pay subject 
to a maximum of thirty (30) calendar days. 
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) means the mean solar time at the Greenwinch meridian, in Greenwich, London. 
Group of Seven (G7) means an informal group composed of the United States, Japan, Germany, the United 
Kingdom, France, Italy, Canada (listed by https://financial-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/Nominal+GDP

--- Page 90 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
90 
 
. The G-7 represents the world's leading industrial democracies. Their finance ministers/secretaries meet 
annually to discuss economic cooperation and other matters. The G-7 does not have a permanent secretariat, but 
rather gives an informal forum for leaders to meet and discuss ideas. 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
HCDS Reference Spread means on any date, the official level of the spread of the Hypothetical Credit Default 
Swap as determined on any date, such Reference Spread being determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis 
of the value published by the Publisher as such on [www.markit.com] for the Hypothetical Credit Default Swap 
(or any successor or alternative thereto as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Spread cannot be reasonably determined on the basis of 
the paragraph above (for example if the level of the Reference Spread is not so published or if www.markit.com 
ceases to exist and no successor or alternative is identified by the Calculation Agent), the Reference Spread will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent using commercially reasonable procedures in order to produce a 
commercially reasonable result. 
HCDS Standard Coupon means the coupon of the Hypothetical Credit Default Swap for each Reference Entity 
determined by using the Rate of Interest, the Day Count Fraction, the Interest Payments Dates and the Business 
Day Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Hedging Transaction means any underlying or related transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s) or 
arrangements between the Issuer or any other entity of the Exane group that be may entered into or held from 
time to time (including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and whether in whole or 
in part the credit or other price risk or funding of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Securities. 
Highest means, with respect to only one Reference Obligation and only one Valuation Date, the highest 
quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with the definition of Final Price) with respect to 
any Valuation Date. 
Hybrid Capitalised Fair Market Value means the Hybrid Fair Market Value together with any interest accrued 
thereon during the period commencing on (and including) the day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
the Hybrid Fair Market Value and ending on (and excluding) five (5) Business Days (or such other number of 
Business Days as specified in the Final Terms) before the date on which the relevant amount is payable in 
accordance with the relevant Condition, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in good faith, by reference to the 
relevant overnight rate for deposits in Euro available to the Calculation Agent in the inter-bank market during 
such period. 
Hybrid Fair Market Value means with respect to the Credit Linked Portion and/or the Underlying Linked 
Portion of the Hybrid Securities, the fair market value thereof determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith 
as soon as practicable after the occurrence of one of the events specified in the relevant Conditions, with 
reference to the credit of the Reference Entities in respect of the Credit Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities 
and to the market value of the Underlyings in respect of the Underlying Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities. 
Unless Guaranteed Coupon is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the calculation of Hybrid Fair 
Market Value shall take into consideration all future payments of interest and other non-principal amounts in 
respect of the Underlying Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities as of the relevant date of calculation and for 
the period specified in the relevant Condition 
Hypothetical Credit Default Swaps. The determination of the Second Alternative Settlement Amount and, as a 
consequence, the determination of the payments to be made under the CLN or Credit-Linked Portion of the 
Hybrid Securities by the Issuer pursuant to these Conditions are determined on the basis of one or more 
hypothetical credit default swaps (the Hypothetical Credit Default Swaps and, each, a Hypothetical Credit

--- Page 91 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
91 
 
Default Swap). The Hypothetical Credit Default Swap(s) means English law governed hypothetical credit default 
swap(s): 
 
(i) 
with X as buyer and Y as seller of credit protection; 
 
(ii) 
each referencing the relevant Reference Entities and Reference Obligations defined in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
 
(iii) 
subject to terms applicable to the "Transaction Types" for each such Reference Entities under the Physical 
Settlement Matrix as determined by the Calculation Agent and as modified by the relevant Final Terms; 
 
(iv) 
incorporating the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA and as amended in 
these Conditions and in the relevant Final Terms;  
 
(v) 
with a Trade Date, an Effective Date and a Scheduled Termination Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
 
(vi) 
in respect of which Publicly Available Information is applicable with a Specified Number of Public 
Sources specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
 
(vii) 
with the HCDS Standard Coupon available for each Reference Entity; and 
 
(viii) in respect of which the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith but in its sole and absolute discretion, will 
make any determinations and exercise any discretions and there shall be no obligation to consult with the 
parties deemed thereto. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Hypothetical Credit Default Swap(s) is/are referred to only for the purposes of 
determining the Second Alternative Settlement Amount, and (ii) it is solely intended to incorporate some of the 
sections of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions into this Conditions but do not intend for any CLN or 
Hybrid Securities to be governed by either a 1992 ISDA Master Agreement or an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, 
and (iii) notwithstanding the fact that the Hypothetical Credit Default Swap(s) is/are deemed to be governed by 
the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, and is/are to be interpreted pursuant to English law, for the sake 
of clarity, this is without prejudice to the fact that the CLN and Hybrid Securities are governed by French law. 
Index has the meaning set out in the Final Terms. 
Instrument Payments means  
 
(i) 
in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on the 
Interest Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Interest Balance and (y) the ultimate 
distribution of the Interest Balance on or prior to a specified date and 
 
(ii) 
in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case 
of both (A) and (B) (1) determined without regard to limited recourse or reduction provisions and (2) 
excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early 
Settlement premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying 
Policy). 
Interest Balance means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, interest balance or similar measure of unreimbursed 
principal investment. 
Interest Commencement Date means the date set out in the Final Terms.

--- Page 92 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
92 
 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be, the package of assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or will be exchanged 
or converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible 
Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of assets with the 
highest immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, including (without limitation) any Hedge Transaction and the 
methodology, if any, determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Leverage means a leverage factor expressed as a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange. 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is documented 
by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement, however described and 
shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
Loss Amount means, in respect of a Basket CLN, an Index CLN and Tranched CLN, in relation to each 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred and (ii) the difference between the Reference Price and the Final Price or the 
Auction Final Price, as the case may be, subject to a minimum of zero. 
M(M)R Restructuring means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either “Mod R” or “Mod Mod R” 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
Market Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.8. 
Market means, with respect to only one Reference Obligation and only one Valuation Date, the Market Value 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Valuation Date. 
Market Value means, with respect to a Reference Obligation on a Valuation Date, the value obtained by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of Final Price. 
Maturity Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject (if specified as applicable in the Final Terms) to 
extension in accordance with Condition 6.1 A(ii) (Grace Period Extension) and Condition 6.1 A(iii) 
(Repudiation/Moratorium Extension) and provided that if a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, the 
Maturity Date shall be the relevant Settlement Date. 
Maximum Maturity means an Obligation that has a remaining maturity from the Delivery Commencement 
Date of not greater than the period specified in the Final Terms. 
Minimum Quotation Amount means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, the lower of (a) USD 1,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (b) the Quotation Amount. 
Mod Mod R. If "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the 
only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable 
Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each 
case, as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging 
Arrangements. For the purposes of this paragraph only and notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a

--- Page 93 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
93 
 
Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
Mod R. If "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit 
Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then a Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only 
if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date in each case as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines 
relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly engaged in 
or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and other financial assets. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (ii) (A) is a 
Bond and/or (B) is an Obligation with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms 
of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-thirds is required to 
consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event. 
No Auction Announcement Date means with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which the DC Secretary 
first publicly announces that (a) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, and if applicable, no Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published, (b) following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a 
Reference Entity, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee had Resolved that no 
Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in 
circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
No Standard Reference Obligation means if the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List 
and not immediately replaced, such obligation shall cease to be a Reference Obligation (other than for the 
purpose of the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or “Not Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference Obligation unless and until such obligation is subsequently 
replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation for it. 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming Reference 
Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation which would be a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above on the 
Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation 
constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for being 
traded in, financial markets.

--- Page 94 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
94 
 
Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date means with respect to a Credit Event: 
 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (ii) of this definition, the day on which the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied, if 
the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC 
No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in 
the Credit Event Notice; or 
 
(ii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (i) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period (including prior to the Trade Date), such date falling on or after the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and as 
specified by the Calculation Agent in the Credit Event Notice. 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date means, with respect to a Credit Event to which the definition of Credit 
Event Determination Date does not apply: 
 
(i) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
 
(a) 
the Relevant City Business Day (as defined in the DC Rules) prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, if any; 
 
(b) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
 
(c) 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable; or 
 
(ii) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
 
(a) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five (5) Relevant City Business Days 
following the date on which such Final List is published; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation (if any) or, if a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to institutional 
investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer 
instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system Clearstream or any other internationally recognised clearing 
system. If the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic Not Bearer is specified as applicable in the related Final 
Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Charateristics only with respect to Bonds (and shall only be relevant if 
Bonds are covered by the specified Deliverable Obligation Charateristics). 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than applicable Domestic 
Currency provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute the Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or reissued, as the case 
may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. Any 
obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified

--- Page 95 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
95 
 
for sale outside the domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also 
registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be 
issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity. 
 
If the Obligation Characteristic “Not Domestic Issuance” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though not Domestic Issuance had been specified as an 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by applicable Domestic Law, provided that the 
laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a Domestic Law. 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or (B) any entity or 
organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, 
without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt". 
Not Subordinated means, in respect of a Reference Entity, an obligation of the Reference Entity that is not 
Subordinated to (I) the Reference Obligation or, (II) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the Maturity Date. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the 
Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly Available Information 
confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in 
the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy or 
description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit 
Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information. A Notice of Publicly Available Information shall be subject to the requirements regarding 
notices in Condition 19. 
Notice of Valuation Obligations has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.4. 
Obligation means: 
 
(i) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee) described 
by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and having each of the Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, immediately prior to the 
Credit Event which is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or as otherwise determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Transaction; and 
 
(ii) 
the Reference Obligation,  
 
in each case unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations, in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement, have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result 
of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity under one or 
more Obligations.

--- Page 96 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
96 
 
Obligation Category means one of the following categories: Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation 
Only, Bond, Loan, Bond or Loan, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Obligation Characteristics means, any one or more of Not Subordinated, Not Sovereign Lender, Specified 
Currency, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance, as specified in the 
related Final terms. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations, in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement, have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of a 
Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or 
as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity in 
the applicable Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the 
Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for 
purposes of the relevant Securities (other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the 
"Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) 
unless (a) in respect of a Series of Securities that are Exempt Securities only, this definition of "Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation" is specifically amended or overridden in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) the 
relevant Securities are Reference Obligation Only Securities. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means the “Outstanding Principal Balance” of an obligation calculated as 
follows: 
 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s principal payment 
obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of Deliverable/Selected Obligation 
Accrued Interest, the Reference Entity’s accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations which, in the 
case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but 
unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the 
Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any; 
 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation 
(A) is subject to any Prohibited Action or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of 
time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment 
or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in (i) less any amounts subtracted in accordance 
with (ii), the “Non-Contingent Amount”); and  
 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding Principal 
Balance,  
 
in each case, determined: 
 
(a) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on the date 
selected by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Transaction; and  
 
(b) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as 
such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued 
value of the obligation).

--- Page 97 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
97 
 
Outstanding Nominal Value means, in respect of a Basket CLN, Tranched CLN and Index CLN, the relevant 
proportion of Nominal Value (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) minus the Aggregate Loss Amount. 
Package Observable Bond means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any obligation (a) 
which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any 
successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which 
fell within paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation (above), in each case, immediately 
preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
Parallel Auction means “Auction” as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect 
to a Reference Entity, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such 
M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms (as defined in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms) are the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions (as defined in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) applicable to the relevant Reference Entity and for which such 
Reference Entity would not be an Auction Covered Transaction (as defined in the relevant Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms). 
Payment Requirement means USD 1,000,000 or the amount specified in the related Final Terms and in any 
case its equivalent in any currency or currencies, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to a Reference Entity’s payment 
obligations:  
 
(i) 
as a result of the application of: 
 
(a) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of the payment 
obligations of the Reference Entity; 
 
(b) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
 
(c) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or provisions 
allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in the case of any 
other Guarantee); 
 
(d) 
if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, any Solvency Capital Provisions; or 
 
(e) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as 
an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any 
single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a new 
guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or 
substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Settlement means in respect of a CLN for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred that 
the Settlement Method specified in the Final Terms is “Physical Settlement”. 
Physical Delivery Amount means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 6.5.

--- Page 98 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
98 
 
Physical Settlement Amount has the meaning set out in Condition 6.5. 
Physical Settlement Date means the intended date for delivery of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to 
Holders in accordance with Condition 6.5 
Portfolio means such Deliverable Obligations or Valuation Obligations, as the case may be, of the relevant 
Reference Entity as are selected in good faith by the Calculation Agent with an Outstanding Principal Balance as 
of the Delivery Commencement Date or the specified Valuation Obligations Notice Date, as the case may be in 
an aggregate amount (in the Specified Currency as set out in the Final Terms or its equivalent in other 
currencies) not less than the aggregate principal amount of the relevant tranche of CLNs then outstanding. For 
the purposes of the foregoing, if applicable, the "Outstanding Principal Balance" (a) with respect to any 
Accreting Obligation, means the Accreted Amount thereof, (b) with respect to any Exchangeable Obligation that 
is not an Accreting Obligation, shall exclude any amount that may be payable under the terms of such obligation 
in respect of the value of the Equity Securities for which such obligation is exchangeable. 
Post Dismissal Additional Period means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days thereafter (provided that the 
relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments 
in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance 
with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligation(s). 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (i) of the 
definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
 
(i) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), any obligation of the 
Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the 
subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental 
Intervention was legally effective; or 
 
(ii) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect of the 
Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation applicable thereto for the purposes of the CLN and Hybrid Securities, (a) the Reference 
Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise (b) the obligation specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the 
Issue Date and otherwise, (c) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligation of such Reference Entity. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not publicly 
available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors 
set forth in sub-sections (i) to (iv) of the definition of Credit Event) or right of set-off by or of the relevant 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor.

--- Page 99 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
99 
 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones, Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The 
New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les 
Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), as well as the main 
source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
 
Publicly Available Information means:  
 
(i) 
information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that the Credit Event 
or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice has occurred and which: 
 
(A). 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, regardless of 
whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information; or 
 
(B). 
is information received from or published by (1) the relevant Reference Entity (or, if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof 
acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of 
such Sovereign) or (2) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent 
for an Obligation; or 
 
(C). 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or 
filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative regulatory or 
judicial body; or 
 
(D). 
is information contained in a public announcement by ISDA,  
 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraph (B) or (C) of this definition is not 
publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
 
(ii) 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (i) (B) and (C) above, the Calculation 
Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the entity 
disclosing such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with 
the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would 
prevent, the disclosure of such information to the Calculation Agent. 
 
(iii) 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state: 
 
(A). 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned by 
the Reference Entity; and 
(B). 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(a) 
has meet the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(b) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(c) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events.

--- Page 100 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
100 
 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the events 
described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium above. 
Publisher means Markit Group Limited, or any replacement therefor appointed for purposes of officially 
publishing the information on the Reference Entities and the Hypothetical Credit Default Swap(s). 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in respect of 
an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a statute or 
regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is otherwise obliged to pay 
all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed 
Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of 
payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto 
in form under the relevant governing law). 
 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
 
(i) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or any legal 
arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
 
(ii) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be 
discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(A). 
by payment; 
(B). 
by way of Permitted Transfer;  
(C). 
by operation of law; 
(D). 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(E). 
due to: 
(a) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference 
Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, 
release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of 
the relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the 
guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the 
definition of Bankruptcy above in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying 
Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is 
permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation.

--- Page 101 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
101 
 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
 
(i) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the 
Underlying Obligation; and 
 
(ii) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap must 
be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
Qualifying Participation Seller means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying Participation Seller. 
Qualifying Policy means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to which a 
Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments (as defined below) of an instrument 
that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth below) (the Insured Instrument) for which another 
party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the Insured Obligor). Qualifying Policies shall 
exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) 
pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be 
discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than the 
payment of Instrument Payments). The benefit of a Qualifying Policy must be capable of being delivered 
together with the delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against the 
Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been 
accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, 
provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
Quotation Amount means either (a) the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (which may be 
specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to a Representative Amount) or, (b) if no 
amount is so specified, the relevant aggregate Outstanding Nominal Value of the CLNs (or, in either case, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained). 
Quotation Dealers means at least five (5) dealers in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which 
quotations are to be obtained, including each Dealer specified in the Final Terms. If no Dealers are specified in 
the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select the Dealers in good faith. Upon a Dealer no longer being in 
existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which quotations 
are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may substitute any other Dealer(s) for one or more of the foregoing. 
Quotation Method means the applicable Quotation Method may be specified in the relevant Final Terms by 
reference to one of the following terms: 
 
(i) 
Bid means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers 
 
(ii) 
Offer means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
 
(iii) 
Mid-market means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers and shall be 
averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Dealer's quotation.  
 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the Final Terms, Bid shall apply. 
Reference Entity shall means the entity specified as such and shall be each entity as specified in the Final 
Terms. Any Successor to the Reference Entity either (a) identified by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
definition of "Successor" on or following the Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect 
of a Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade

--- Page 102 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
102 
 
Date shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the 
relevant Series. 
Reference Entity Notional Amount means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, for each 
Reference Entity, the amount equal to the product of the Reference Entity Weighting and the Reference Portfolio 
Notional Amount. 
Reference Entity Weighting means the proportion specified as such in the Final Terms, which will be adjusted 
in accordance with the provisions of the definition of Successor. 
Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligations Only. 
Reference Obligations means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
 
(i) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which 
case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any; or 
 
(ii) 
(A) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or no 
election is specified in the applicable Final Terms), (B) there is no Standard Reference Obligation and (C) 
a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case the 
Reference Obligation will be (a) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of 
publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (b) the Standard Reference Obligation from such 
date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible 
to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be the 
Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference Obligation unless and until 
such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation 
in respect of the Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation. 
Reference Portfolio means, in respect of the First/nth-to-Default CLN, Basket CLN Index-Linked CLN and 
Tranched CLN, a portfolio comprising all the Reference Entities. 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount means (i) in respect of a Tranched CLN, an amount equal to the relevant 
proportion of the Nominal Value divided by the difference between the Detachment Point and the Attachment 
Point and (ii) in respect of a Basket CLN or an Index CLN which are not Tranched CLN, an amount equal to the 
Nominal Value as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Price means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms or, if a percentage is not so 
specified, one hundred (100) per cent. 
 
"Reference Rate Fallback Event" means, in relation to any Screen Page Reference Rate, any of the following, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
 
(i) the Screen Page Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least six 
(6) consecutive Business Days or having been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
 
(ii) the making of a public statement or publication of information (provided that, at the time of any 
such event, there is no successor administrator that will provide the Screen Page Reference Rate) by or 
on behalf of (i) the administrator of the Screen Page Reference Rate or (ii) the supervisor, insolvency 
official, resolution authority, central bank or competent court having jurisdiction over such 
administrator stating that (x) the administrator has ceased or will cease permanently or indefinitely to 
provide the Screen Page Reference Rate (y) the Screen Page Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued, or (z) the Screen Page Reference Rate has been or will be

--- Page 103 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
103 
 
prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally, or in respect of the Securities, provided that, if such public statement or 
publication mentions that the event or circumstance referred to in (x), (y) or (z) above will occur on a 
date falling later than three (3) months after the relevant public statement or publication, the Reference 
Rate Fallback Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three (3) months prior to such 
specified date (and not the date of the relevant public statement); 
 
(iii) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date (as applicable), become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining the Screen Page Reference Rate to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the Screen Page Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under BMR, if applicable); or 
 
(iv) the making of a public statement or publication of information that any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect 
of the Screen Page Reference Rate or the administrator of the Screen Page Reference Rate has not been, 
or will not be obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the use of 
the Screen Page Reference Rate is not or will not be permitted under any applicable law or regulation, 
such that the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining the Screen Page 
Reference Rate is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
 
A change in the methodology of the Screen Page Reference Rate shall not, absent the occurrence of one of the 
above, be deemed a Reference Rate Fallback Event. 
Reference Value of a Hypothetical Credit Default Swap means an amount determined by using the standard 
method published on the website http://www.cdsmodel.com/cdsmodel/ and available on the Bloomberg page 
CDSW and which reflects the (i) difference between the value of the Hypothetical Credit Default Swap 
(described into the Final Terms) determined on the Final Valuation Date of the CLN or Hybrid Securities, and 
the HCDS Reference Spread or (ii) any combination (such as a ratio, a performance, the sum, multiplication, 
subtraction) linked to the HCDS Reference Spread described in the Final Terms observed on the Initial 
Valuation Date and the value of the Hypothetical Credit Default Swap (described in the Final Terms) determined 
on the Final Valuation Date of the CLN or Hybrid Securities with a HCDS Reference Spread or any combination 
linked to a HCDS Reference Spread observed on the Final Valuation Date. 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case 
may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, immediately prior to 
the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, determined in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
by the Calculation Agent. 
Relevant Obligations means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, 
immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided that: 
 
(i) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by the 
Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
 
(ii) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required to be made 
under paragraph (i) of the definition of Successor below, make the appropriate adjustments required to 
take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond 
or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally 
effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date;

--- Page 104 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
104 
 
(iii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (i) the 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (ii) there is 
no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the 
Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; 
and 
 
(iv) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and the 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, Relevant 
Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference 
Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant 
Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference 
Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan". 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market 
and at the relevant time, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an authorised officer of the 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, 
or challenges the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement or (ii) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de 
jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement 
and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined 
without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates 
include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is sixty (60) days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such 
payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include 
Bonds, the date that is sixty (60) days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium provided that, in 
either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be satisfied: 
 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively 
received on or prior to the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity and 
that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that are each effective on or prior to 
the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (A) an event does not constitute a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity, or (B) an event that constitutes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity but that 
such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 105 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
105 
 
Resolve has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules and Resolved and Resolves shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which the relevant 
Restructuring has occurred. 
Restructuring means,  
(a) 
with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds all holders of 
such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient 
number of holders of such Obligation to bind all the holders of the Obligation or is announced (or 
otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders 
of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such 
event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the 
Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Securities and the date as of which such Obligation 
is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest, 
or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation (or, if applicable in the Final 
Terms, Multiple Holder Obligation), causing the Subordination of such Obligation (or, if 
applicable in any Final Terms, Multiple Holder Obligation) to any other Obligation; or  
 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other 
than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States 
of America and the Euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies 
(which in the case of the Euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the Euro in 
whole). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in Euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated in 
a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the 
Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from Euros into another currency, if (i) the redenomination occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is 
of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (ii) a freely available 
market rate of conversion between Euros and such other currency existed at the time of such 
redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) to (v) above 
due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical 
adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and

--- Page 106 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
106 
 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) to (v) above 
in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of 
paragraph (v) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of 
the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority.  
(c) 
For purposes of this definition of "Restructuring" only, the term Obligation (or, if applicable in any Final 
Terms, Multiple Holder Obligation) shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of any Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in the first paragraph of this definition of Restructuring 
shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in the second 
paragraph of this definition of Restructuring shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (i) to (v) has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately 
prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of 
the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the Limitation Date 
occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final 
maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or 
Loan occurs prior to the 2.5 year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a “Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan”) and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final 
maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. For these purposes, the final maturity date 
shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such 
determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be 
deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
Scheduled Maturity Date has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
Second Alternative Aggregate Expected Protection Amount means, (a) whether the Scheduled Termination 
Date of the Hypothetical Credit Default Swap specified in the relevant Final Terms falls on, or later than, the 
Maturity Date of the CLN and Hybrid Securities, and (b) only in respect of each Reference Entity for which no 
Credit Event has occurred, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Nominal Value, (ii) the Reference Entity 
Weighting, and (iii) the Reference Value of a Hypothetical Credit Default Swap on the relevant Reference 
Entity. 
Second Alternative Aggregate Loss Amount means in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit 
Event has occurred, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Nominal Value, (ii) the Reference Entity 
Weighting, and (iii) the difference between the Reference Price minus the Final Price or the Auction Final Price 
in accordance with the Settlement Method. 
Second Alternative Final Settlement Method means Long CDS Final Settlement Method or Short CDS Final 
Settlement Method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms for each relevant Reference Entity. 
Second Alternative Long CDS Final Settlement Method means one of the possible methods applicable to a 
Reference Entity for the determination of the Second Alternative Settlement Amount.

--- Page 107 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
107 
 
Second Alternative Short CDS Final Settlement Method means one of the possible methods applicable to a 
Reference Entity for the determination of the Second Alternative Settlement Amount. 
Senior Obligation means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Senior Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation. 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of a Reference Entity (a) "Senior Level" or "Subordinated 
Level" as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or 
"Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing 
which (c) "Senior Level". 
Settlement Amount means, in respect of CLN or a Credit Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities for which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the Auction Settlement Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or 
Physical Settlement Amount, as applicable and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Auction Settlement 
Amount and the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated by using one of the Alternative Settlement Amounts 
described hereabove. 
Settlement Date means the Auction Settlement Date, the Cash Settlement Date or the Physical Settlement Date, 
as applicable. 
Settlement Method means the Cash Settlement, the Auction Settlement or the Physical Settlement as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Settlement Disruption Event means an event has occurred or a condition exists as a result of which the relevant 
Deliverable Obligation(s) cannot be cleared or transferred through the relevant clearance system or by the 
relevant settlement procedure for such Deliverable Obligation(s). 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity’s payment 
obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which 
are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) thereof. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is 
the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and (b) which 
fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring. 
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event. 
Specified Currency means (a) if Specified Currency is specified in the relevant Final Terms, any of the lawful 
currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro 
and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies or (b) any currency or currencies specified

--- Page 108 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
108 
 
in the relevant Final Terms. Notwithstanding the provisions of this definition, the Issuer may specify a single 
Specified Currency in any Final Terms. 
Specified Number means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such 
number is not specified, two (2)). 
Sponsor means, in respect of an Index, the corporation or other entity specified in the Final Terms that is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures, the composition and the methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to the Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its 
website from time to time. 
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority Level 
which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, France, 
Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any 
of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and 
replaces the euro in whole). 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series of 
successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
Obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
Subordinated Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation.  
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation of the 
Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or 
similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the 
Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of 
the holders of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or 
retain payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. Subordinated will be construed 
accordingly. For the purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is 
Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred 
creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by 
operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the 
Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be 
determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference 
Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and “Standard Reference 
Obligation” is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any 
change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date. 
Substitute Reference Obligation(s) means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to which a 
Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:

--- Page 109 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
109 
 
 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph 
(c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation 
Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of 
determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially 
since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of Substitution Event have 
occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non- Standard Reference Obligation 
will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). 
If the event set forth in paragraph (ii) of the definition of Substitution Event below has occurred with 
respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute 
Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (ii) 
of the definition of Substitution Event below occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation. 
 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
guarantee); 
 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it was issued or 
incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after such date) and on the 
Substitution Date; and 
 
(iii) 
(A) if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference Obligation when 
issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
 
I. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; or if no such obligation 
is available, 
II. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
above; 
 
(B) if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed Money 
obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or 
incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
I. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or if no such 
obligation is available, 
II. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; or if no such obligation 
is available, 
III. is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other than a 
Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 110 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
110 
 
IV. is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
above; or 
(C) if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
 
I. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other than a 
Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
II. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or if no such 
obligation is available, 
III. is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; or if no such obligation 
is available, 
IV.  is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
above. 
 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process described 
in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference 
Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations 
of the Issuer under the Securities as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will 
notify the Holders in accordance with Condition 19, of the Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as 
reasonably practicable after it has been identified in accordance with paragraph (c) above and the 
Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation.  
 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and the 
Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation then, subject to paragraph (a) above and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date, selected by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Transaction, that the Calculation Agent has determined in 
accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation.  
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to a Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence of the 
relevant Substitution Event. 
Substitution Event means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(i) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(ii) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by 
redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
guarantee).

--- Page 111 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
111 
 
For purposes of identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a 
Substitution Event. If an event described in paragraph (i) or (ii) above has occurred on or prior to the Issue Date, 
then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii), as the case may be, 
on the Issue Date. 
 
If a Substitution Event occurs in respect of the Reference Obligation in Reference Obligation Only CLN and 
Hybrid Securities and unless Substitution Event Early Redemption is specified as “Not Applicable” in the 
applicable Final Terms the Calculation Agent shall consider such event as an event triggering the early 
redemption of the CLN and Hybrid Securities and the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the CLN and 
Hybrid Securities and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market 
Value. Notice shall be given by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Holders of CLN and Hybrid Securities informing 
them of the Substitution Event and the date scheduled for early redemption. 
Substitution means the cessation by the Calculation Agent of the indexation of the CLNs to an Index and its 
replacement by a substitute Index which has similar features to the substituted Index, including geographic area, 
sector of activity, currency, frequency and methodology or any other feature which is relevant for the 
Calculation Agent. 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to some or 
all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the 
Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if 
earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of Successor would not be 
affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
Successor means : 
 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (ii) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (g) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to 75 per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity 
will be the sole Successor; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than 
25 per cent. (but less than 75 per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and 
not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will be the sole Successor; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than 25 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entities that succeed to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor 
and these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms will be adjusted as provided below; 
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than 25 per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each 
such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor and these Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms will be adjusted as provided below;

--- Page 112 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
112 
 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a 
portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than 25 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to 
exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a 
result of such succession; 
(f) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a 
portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than 25 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to 
exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the 
Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant 
Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor and these Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms will be adjusted as provided below); and  
(g) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the 
obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and at the time of 
the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is 
in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or 
incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the 
assumption, such entity (the Universal Successor) will be the sole Successor; and 
 
(ii) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(a) 
either (a) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, or (b) such 
entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date occurred on or after 
January 1, 2014; 
(b) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the 
Reference Entity; and 
(c) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant Obligations by 
way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes 
aware of the relevant Succession Event (but no earlier than fourteen (14) calendar days after the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Succession Event), and with effect from the date of the occurrence of the Succession 
Event, each Sovereign and/or entity, if any, that qualifies under clause (ii) of this definition of Successor; 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at such time, either (x) ISDA has 
publicly announced that the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve 
the matters described in clause (ii) of this definition of Successor and of Successor Resolution Request Date are 
satisfied in accordance with the DC Rules (until such time, if any, as ISDA subsequently publicly announces that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine a Successor) or (y) 
ISDA has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
no event that constitutes a Succession Event has occurred. 
 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this definition of 
Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and will, as soon as practicable after such calculation or 
determination, make such calculation or determination available for inspection by Holders at the specified office 
of the Principal Agent. In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a 
Successor under paragraph (a) above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
 
Where pursuant to paragraph (i)(C), (a)(iv), (i)(D) or (ii) above, more than one Successor has been identified, the 
Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as it shall determine to

--- Page 113 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
113 
 
be appropriate to reflect that the Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and shall 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner if it adjusts such of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms in such 
a manner as to reflect the adjustment to and/or division of any credit derivative transaction(s) related to or 
underlying the Securities under the provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives. 
 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment and notifying the Issuer of such adjustment, the Issuer shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to Holders in accordance with Condition 19, as applicable, stating the 
adjustment to these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the relevant event. 
 
If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation (the Joint 
Relevant Obligation) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant 
Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the 
Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant 
Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall 
be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal 
parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each 
Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeed" means, with respect to the Reference Entity and its 
Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such 
Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other 
agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. 
For purposes of this definition of “Successor”, "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. In 
the case of an exchange offer, the determinations required pursuant to paragraph (i) of this definition of 
"Successor" shall be made on the basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged 
and not on the basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution the 
date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date otherwise, the date that is ninety 
calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the succession is 
effective which date may be determined, without limitation, by reference to any Hedge Transaction and (ii) in 
circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (C) the Calculation Agent 
determines that the date on which the succession is effective (determined, without limitation, by reference to any 
Hedge Transaction) is not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary, requesting that a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to a Reference 
Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective.  
Supranational Organization means any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns or the Sovereign Agencies of two or more Sovereigns and includes, without 
limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
Suspension End Date has the meaning set out in Condition 6.2 D.

--- Page 114 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
114 
 
Suspension Terms has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.2 D. 
Trade Date means the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Tranche Nominal Amount means in respect of Tranched CLN, the relevant proportion of the Nominal Value of 
the CLN on the Issue Date or such other amount specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Tranche Subordination Amount means, with respect to the Tranched CLN, the Reference Portfolio Notional 
Amount multiplied by the Attachment Point, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Term.  
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms selected by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision. In relation to a Credit Event (and as set out in the 
definition of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms), ISDA may publish one or more form(s) of Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) and 
may amend such forms from time to time. Each such form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms shall 
set out, inter alia, definitions of "Auction", "Auction Cancellation Date", "Auction Covered Transaction" and 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" in relation to the relevant Credit Event. The Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms for purposes of the Securities shall be the relevant form of Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms for which the Auction Covered Transactions (as such term will be set out in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) would be credit derivatives transactions with a scheduled termination 
date comparable to or later than the Scheduled Maturity Date of the CLN and Hybrid Securities (the Reference 
Transaction). The Reference Transaction is a hypothetical credit derivative transaction included in these 
Conditions principally for the purpose of selecting the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms appropriate 
to the Securities. 
Transaction Type means in respect of a Reference Entity, the transaction type specified in the Final Terms. 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any contractual statutory 
or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions: 
 
(i) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A 
or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a 
similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(ii) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on insurance 
companies and pension funds; or 
(iii) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods; 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the related Final terms, if the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic Transferable is 
specified as Applicable in the Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans (and shall only be relevant to the extent that obligations other than 
Loans are covered by the specified Deliverable Obligation Category). 
Types of CLN: the Final Terms shall specify whether the CLN are:  
 
(i) 
Single Name CLN (Single Name CLN) where the Issuer buys Holder credit protection by reference to 
one single Reference Entity. If the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied in respect of the Reference 
Entity, as specified in the Final Terms, all of the CLN will be settled. 
 
(ii) 
First/nth to Default CLN (First/nth to Default CLN) where the Issuer buys Holder credit protection by 
reference to at least two Reference Entities. If the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied in respect of the 
First/nth Reference Entity to default, as specified in the Final Terms, all of the CLN will be settled.

--- Page 115 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
115 
 
 
(iii) 
Basket CLN (Basket CLN) where the Issuer buys Holder credit protection by reference to at least two 
Reference Entities. If the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied in respect of one Reference Entity, as 
specified in the Final Terms, the CLN will be settled in a proportional amount equal to the fraction the 
Reference Entity represents of the basket of Reference Entities. 
 
(iv) 
Index CLN (Index CLN) where the Issuer buys Holder credit protection by reference to Reference 
Entities comprised in an Index or Indices linked to Reference Entities, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
(v) 
Principal Protected CLN (Principal Protected CLN) where the Issuer buys Holder credit protection by 
reference to one or more Reference Entities, (a) if at least one Credit Event occurs, payments of interest 
due on the CLN cease in accordance with these Conditions and any other payments due in respect of the 
CLN must be made in accordance with the Conditions and (b) if no Credit Event occurs, payments of 
interest due on the CLN shall continue until the Maturity Date in accordance with the Conditions. 
 
(vi) 
CDS Spread CLN (CDS Spread CLN) where amounts in respect of principal and interest payable on the 
CLN to Holders are calculated by reference to the value of a CDS spread (mono underlying, basket or 
index) linked to a particular Reference Entity. If one or more Credit Event(s) occurs, the calculation 
method used to determine such payments shall be set forth in the Conditions. 
 
(vii) 
Tranched CLN (Tranched CLN) means a CLN for which the Tranched CLN is the Type of CLN 
applicable in the Final Terms. 
Type of Settlement means American Settlement, European Settlement or Settlement by Instalments. 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation(s) has the meaning set out in Condition 6.7. 
Undelivered Portion has the meaning set out in Condition 6.6. 
Underlying Linked Portion means the portion of the Nominal Value of the Hybrid Securities linked to one or 
more Underlying(s). 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the guarantee.  
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the 
borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
Underlying Settlement Amount means, for each Hybrid Security, the settlement amount determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms and, if so specified, in accordance with one of the 
Pay-Off Formulas, subject to Conditions 6.2 and 6.8, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in good faith (which 
may be equal to zero as specified in the relevant Final Terms when no Credit Event has occurred in respect of 
any Reference Entity). 
Unwind Costs means in respect of each CLN, an amount subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of funding and 
break funding charges), tax and duties incurred directly or indirectly by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates in 
relation to the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date or any Adjustment Event, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and related to partial or total termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedging 
Transaction such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the Outstanding Nominal Value. 
Valuation Date has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
 
If Single Valuation Date is specified in the Final Terms, "Valuation Date" shall be the date that is the number 
of Business Days specified in the Final Terms after the Credit Event Determination Date or, if the number of 
Business Days is not so specified, five (5) Business Days.

--- Page 116 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
116 
 
 
If Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the Final Terms, each of the following dates: 
 
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms after the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five (5) Business Days); and 
 
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms (or, if the number 
of Business Days is not so specified, five (5) Business Days) after the date on which the Calculation 
Agent obtains a Final Price with respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date 
 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified, the total number of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number 
of Valuation Dates specified in the Final Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five (5) 
Valuation Dates). 
 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the Final Terms, Single Valuation 
Date shall apply. 
Valuation Method means the Valuation Method Highest, Market, Average Market, Average Highest, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Valuation Obligation Notice Date has the meaning set out in Condition 6.4. 
Valuation Obligations has the meaning set out in Condition 6.4. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no time is so specified, 11.00 a.m. in 
the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation. 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or similar 
governing body of an entity. 
Weighted Average Quotation means in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted average of firm 
quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for 
an amount of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount (but, of a size at least equal to the 
Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Zero Coupon Security means a Security which will not bear interest (except in case of late payment).

--- Page 117 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
117 
 
2. TYPE, FORM, NOMINAL VALUE, TITLE, TRANSFER AND REDENOMINATION 
 
TYPE 
The Securities issued pursuant to the Programme may be Certificates, Warrants, CLN or Hybrid Securities. 
 
FORM 
At the Issuer's discretion, the Dematerialised Securities admitted to the operations of a central depositary, 
whether or not admitted to trading on a regulated market, may be (a) in bearer form, registered as of the issue 
date on the books of Euroclear France, as central depositary, or in the books of any other depositary which will 
be brought to the knowledge of the Holders, which will credit the accounts of the relevant Accredited Financial 
Intermediaries, including Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as operator of the Euroclear System and the depositary bank 
for Clearstream Banking, a joint stock company (société anonyme), or any bank that may subsequently assume 
this function or in the books of any other depositary nominated in the Final Terms (such as SIX SIS SA in 
Switzerland for Securities listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) (b) in registered form and, in this case, either in an 
account with the Issuer or in an administered account as described in the Conditions, at the discretion of the 
Holder. 
The Securities shall be issued solely in book-entry form and title to the Securities will be evidenced in 
accordance with articles L. 211-3 and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French monetary and financial code. No physical 
document of title (including representative certificates (certificats représentatifs) pursuant to article R. 211-7 of 
the French monetary and financial code) will be issued in respect of the Securities.  
 
NOMINAL VALUE 
The Securities shall have Nominal Value as set out in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum 
Nominal Value of each Secutiy issued by Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €1,000 (or, if the Securities are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
TITLE AND TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES 
Title of Securities in bearer form and in administered registered form shall be transferred only by recording the 
transfer in the accounts of the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary or Intermediaries, in accordance with 
the rules, regulations, and operating procedures of Euroclear France and/or (as applicable) the relevant 
Accredited Financial Intermediary or Intermediaries. Title of Securities held in an account with the Issuer shall 
be transferred only by recording the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registrar. 
If the Securities are admitted to a settlement-delivery system or a depositary other than Euroclear France, the 
transfer of ownership in the Securities shall take place in accordance with the rules of such system or depositary.  
Subject to a legal ruling issued by a competent court or applicable legal provisions, the Holder of any Security 
shall be deemed, in any circumstance, to be the sole and unique owner, whether or not said Security is due, 
irrespective of any declaration of ownership, of any right to said Security, and no one shall incur liability for 
having considered the holder to be the owner.  
Any reference herein to "Euroclear" and/or "Clearstream" shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(including, without limitation, Euroclear France and the Intermédiaires financiers habilités authorised to 
maintain accounts therein, in relation to Securities listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, SIS or any other clearing 
institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange and, in the case of Securities 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 118 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
118 
 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent shall consider each Holder as the true owner of this number of 
Securities for all purposes, notwithstanding any notices to the contrary, and the expressions "holder(s) of 
securities", "bearer(s) of Securities", "holder", "bearer", "owner (s) of Securities", "owner" and all related terms 
shall be accordingly construed.  
 
FORCED TRANSFER AT OPTION OF THE ISSUER UPON VOID TRANSFER OR OTHER 
DISPOSITION 
The Securities may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed at any 
time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any “U.S. person” (as defined in Rule 902(k) 
of Regulation S) except, in respect of certain of the Securities, to “qualified institutional buyers” (as defined in 
Rule 144A) in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in compliance with any applicable U.S. 
state securities laws. Persons eligible to acquire Securities or interests therein pursuant to a transaction conducted 
in accordance with Regulation S or, if applicable, Rule 144A, are referred to herein as Permitted Transferees. 
Any transfer of Securities to, or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee (a Non-
Permitted Transferee) will be void ab initio and of no legal effect whatsoever. Accordingly, any purported 
transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Security in such a transaction will not be entitled to 
any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such Security. Notwithstanding any other provision of 
these Conditions, the Issuer shall give notice to the relevant Paying Agent and shall have the right at any time 
after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Security is held by a Non-Permitted 
Transferee to require such Non-Permitted Transferee to sell such interest to (a) an affiliate of the Issuer (to the 
extent permitted by applicable law) or (b) a person who is not a Non-Permitted Transferee, in each case, at a 
price equal to the lesser of (x) the purchase price paid for such interest by such Non-Permitted Transferee, (y) the 
principal amount of such interest and (z) the fair market value of such interest, less any costs or expenses 
incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with such sale. 
 
REDENOMINATIONS  
The Issuer may (if this is specified in the Final Terms), on any date, without the consent of the Holder of any 
Security, and by notifying him in accordance with Condition 19 at least thirty days in advance, as of the date on 
which the Member State of the European Union whose currency is the currency in which the Securities are 
denominated becomes a Member State participating in the third phase of the Economic and Monetary Union 
introduced on 1 January 1999 (as defined in the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended (the 
Treaty)) or events that may substantially have the same effect occur (in each case, EMU), redenominate in 
Euros all, and not just a portion of the Securities of each Series, and make the adjustments necessary on the 
amount in principal and/or the Nominal Value indicated in the Final Terms, as more broadly described below. 
The date on which this redenomination becomes effective shall be defined in these Conditions as being the 
Redenomination Date.  
(i) 
Unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the redenomination of Securities in accordance with (i) 
above shall be effected by converting the issue size and the nominal value of each Security denominated 
in the relevant national currency into Euros by using the fixed conversion rate for this national currency 
and the euro as established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to article 123 (4) of the 
Treaty, and by rounding off the resulting number to the nearest euro cent (0.005 euro is rounded up to the 
next euro cent). If the Issuer so decides, the figure resulting from the conversion of the issue size and of 
the nominal value of each Security after applying the fixed conversion rate between the relevant national 
currency and the euro may be rounded down to the nearest euro. The issue size and the nominal value of 
the Securities in Euros determined in this way must be notified to Holders in accordance with Condition 
19. Any balance resulting from the redenomination of a value greater than 0.01 euro must be paid with a 
cash balance rounded off to the nearest euro cent (0.005 euro will be rounded up to the next euro cent). 
Such a cash balance shall be payable in Euros on the Redenomination Date using the method notified by 
the Issuer to the relevant Holders.

--- Page 119 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
119 
 
(ii) 
Following a redenomination of Securities, any reference herein to the relevant national currency shall be 
interpreted as being a reference to the euro.  
(iii) 
Unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, pursuant to a redenomination in 
accordance with this Condition, and without the consent of the Holder of any Security, make any changes 
or additions to these Conditions, taking into consideration market practice with respect to debt securities 
issued on the euromarket and denominated in Euros, which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests 
of these Holders. Unless in the event of a blatant error, all such changes or additions shall be enforceable 
against Holders and shall be notified to the relevant Holders in accordance with Condition 19 as soon as 
practicable.  
(iv) 
Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent shall be liable to the Holder of any Security or any other person 
for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses for, or resulting from, a credit or transfer in Euros, or from 
the conversion of any currency and the rounding off performed in this context.

--- Page 120 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
120 
 
3. STATUS, EXANE GUARANTEE, ADDITIONAL GUARANTEE AND RATING  
3.1 
STATUS OF THE SECURITIES 
The Securities constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that shall rank 
equally (pari passu) with each other and with all other direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, both present and future (subject to such exceptions from time to time exist under applicable law).  
3.2 
EXANE GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor has independently, unconditionally and irrevocably granted a first demand guarantee pursuant to 
Article 2321 of the French civil code in favour of the Holders of Securities with respect to (en considération de) 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Securities. Such Exane Guarantee given by the Guarantor on the Securities 
shall constitute a direct, unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor and shall rank equally (pari passu) with its 
other direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, both present and future (with the exception of 
preferred obligations under the law). 
The form of this Exane Guarantee is provided in the Base Prospectus.  
3.3 
ADDITIONAL GUARANTEE FOR CERTAIN ISSUES IN THE FORM OF A PLEDGING OF 
SECURITIES ACCOUNT  
A. Creation of the Pledge 
The Holders of certain Series of Securities may benefit from an additional guarantee in the form of a pledging of 
securities account in accordance with article L. 211-20 and articles D. 211-10 et seq. of the French monetary and 
financial code.  
A separate financial instruments account shall be opened with the relevant Pledged Account Custodian and 
pledged for each Series of Securities for which the Final Terms specify that such Securities benefit from this 
additional guarantee.  
The condition and the basis of the Pledge of each Security shall be specified in the Final Terms.  
The Pledge is made, both between the Pledgor and the relevant Holder and with respect to any third party, when 
a Statement of Pledge is signed by the Pledgor. The Statement of Pledge for a relevant Series of Securities shall 
be provided in the Final Terms for the issue of such Series of Securities. The Holders of these Securities shall 
benefit from a joint right to the Pledged Account for each Series. This Pledge shall benefit each Holder of the 
relevant Securities. Each Holder concerned shall thus benefit, pursuant to the above-mentioned article L.211-20, 
from a lien (droit de retention) on the financial instruments and amounts in any currency contained in the 
Pledged Account.  
Each relevant Holder may obtain an Acknowledgement of Pledge, at any moment upon request sent to the 
Pledged Account Custodian. 
Each Pledged Account may be credited with Eligible Financial Instruments or amounts in any currency which 
are the distributions and proceeds (fruits et produits) of Eligible Financial Instruments. The Pledgor is entitled to 
substitute, in whole or in part, other Eligible Financial Instruments of at least equivalent value for the Eligible 
Financial Instruments pledged.  
If a security, unit or share of collective investment schemes, or financial instrument recorded in the Pledged 
Account no longer fulfils the characteristics of the Eligible Financial Instruments, the Pledgor shall, as soon as it 
is aware of this fact, replace said security, unit or share of collective investment schemes or financial instrument 
within two (2) Business Days with Eligible Financial Instruments or amounts in any currencies (which are the

--- Page 121 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
121 
 
distrubtions and proceeds (fruits et produits) of Eligible Financial Instruments) of at least equal value. Any 
failure by the Pledgor to execute this obligation to replace a security, unit or share of collective investment 
schemes or financial instrument shall be notified to the Holders by the Pledged Account Custodian within five 
(5) Business Days after it occurs, in accordance with Condition 19.  
B. Adjustment of the Pledge value 
On each Pledge Calculation Date until the release of the Pledge, the Pledged Account Custodian must determine 
the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies (which are the proceeds of Eligible 
Financial Instruments) in the Pledged Account. If, on a Pledge Calculation Date, this total value is less than the 
Minimum Pledge Value or the Fixed Pledge Value, as set out in the Final Terms, the Pledged Account Custodian 
must inform the Pledgor no later than the Business Day following such determination.  
The Pledgor shall then be required, no later than two (2) Business Days after receipt of the notice from the 
Pledged Account Custodian, to credit the Pledged Account with the number of Eligible Financial Instruments or 
amounts necessary so that the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies in the 
Pledged Account is at least equal to the Minimum Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge Value. Any failure by the 
Pledgor to execute this obligation to adjust the value of the Pledge shall be notified to the Holders by the Pledged 
Account Custodian within five (5) Business Days after it occurs, in accordance with Condition 19.  
Conversely, if, on any Pledge Calculation Date, the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all 
currencies in the Pledged Account is greater than the Minimum Pledge Value or the Fixed Pledge Value, the 
Pledged Account Custodian must so inform the Pledgor no later than the Business Day following such 
determination, and shall send the Pledgor a partial release of the Pledge equal to the corresponding value, so as 
to allow the Pledgor to bring the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies in the 
Pledged Account to the Minimum Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge Value. This release shall take the form of a 
certificate from the Pledged Account Custodian. The Pledgor shall inform the Pledged Account Custodian, no 
later than the following Business Day, of the financial instruments or amounts that it wishes to receive in order 
to bring the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account to the 
level of the Minimum Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge Value. However, the Pledgor may no longer benefit from 
allotments once a Holder has transmitted to the Pledgor a Formal Demand as described in (C) below.  
For the purposes of this paragraph (B), a notice received no later than 4:00 p.m. Paris time on a Business Day 
shall take effect the same day. A notice received after 4:00 p.m. Paris time shall take effect on the following 
Business Day.  
C. Enforcement of the Pledge  
Any Pledgee owed a certain, liquid, due and payable debt may enforce the Pledge in the amount of his Secured 
Debt plus enforcement costs, eight (8) calendar days after the Formal Demand provided in the Base Prospectus 
and sent to the Issuer by registered letter, with copies to the Pledgor and the Pledged Account Custodian, has 
remained unanswered. In order to request the enforcement of the Pledge, each relevant Pledgee must send an 
Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge in the form provided in the Base Prospectus to the Pledged Account 
Custodian by registered letter.  
The Pledge shall then be enforced, for each relevant Security, or when relevant, for the relevant amounts, up to 
the limit of the Secured Debt, pursuant to applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with paragraphs (a), 
(b) and (c) below and the common procedure described in paragraph (d) below: 
(a) 
Enforcement process - Financial securities eligible to direct attribution 
Pursuant to articles L. 211-20-V et D. 211-12 of the French monetary and financial code, for French or foreign 
securities traded on a regulated market, the enforcement will take place, for each financial security, within the

--- Page 122 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
122 
 
limits of the Secured Debt, by allotment with full ownership on the basis of the last available closing price on the 
regulated market on the Exchange Business Day preceding the allotment date;  
For units or shares of collective investment schemes as defined by article L.214-1 of the French monetary and 
financial code, the enforcement will take place, for each financial security, within the limits of the Secured Debt, 
by allotment with full ownership on the basis of the last available valuation of such units or shares on the 
Business Day preceding the allotment date. 
(b) 
Enforcement process - Financial securities not eligible to direct attribution 
For securities other than financial securities eligible to direct attribution (described in paragraph (a) above), the 
enforcement of the Pledge, will take place, for each financial security, within the limits of the Secured Debt, by 
request for ownership to the benefit of the Pledgee pursuant to article 2348 of the French civil code. 
The enforcement of the Pledge pursuant to article 2348 of the Civil Code will be performed as follows: 
(i) 
the foreclosure (attribution) of the financial securities will take place three calendar 
days following the mailing of the Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge from the 
Pledgee to the Pledgor and Pledged Account Custodian (the “Foreclosure Date”);  
(ii) 
the Pledgor and the Pledgee must appoint an expert as described below and in 
accordance with article 1843-4 of the French civil code to determine the value of the 
financial securities as of the Foreclosure Date (the “Enforcement Value”): 
(A) 
the expert will be an institution specialising in the valuation of shares 
designated by the Pledgor and the Pledgee;  
(B) 
if the Pledgor and the Pledgee fails to designate an expert within seven (7) 
calendar days, the Pledgor will request the President of the Paris Commercial 
Court (Tribunal de commerce de Paris) acting by way of summary 
proceedings (en la forme des référés) to appoint an expert among 
international and independent auditing firms. The decision of the President 
of the Paris Commercial Court will be final; 
(iii) 
the expert will be in charge of determining the Enforcement Value on the Foreclosure 
Date;  
(iv) 
the valuation made by the expert appointed under Paragraph (ii) above will be final 
and binding on the Pledgor and Pledgee; and 
(v) 
if the sum of the Enforcement Value and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged 
Account are higher than the outstanding amount of the Secured Debt on the date of 
the enforcement of the Pledge, then the excess shall be returned to the Pledgor. 
(c) 
Enforcement process – Amounts in currency 
For amounts in any currency in the Pledged Account, the enforcement of the pledge will be performed directly 
by transfer with full ownership to the Pledgee.  
(d) 
Enforcement process – Common process 
Enforcement shall be performed by the Pledged Account Custodian by first allotting to each relevant Pledgee in 
priority order French or foreign transferable securities traded on a regulated market or units or shares in 
collective investment undertakings. The number of French or foreign transferable securities traded on a regulated 
market or units or shares in collective investment undertakings to be allotted shall be calculated so that each

--- Page 123 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
123 
 
Secured Debt can receive an equal number of French or foreign transferable securities traded on a regulated 
market or units or shares in collective investment undertakings recorded in the Pledged Account at the time the 
Pledged Account Custodian receives the first Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge in the form provided in 
the Base Prospectus. Fractional French or foreign transferable securities traded on a regulated market or units or 
shares in collective investment undertakings, if any, shall be paid by allotting to each relevant Pledgee amounts 
in any currency recorded in the Pledged Account.  
Neither the Pledged Account Custodian nor the Pledgee shall incur any liability with respect to the Pledgor or 
any third party as the result of an order for enforcement or the price at which the Pledge is enforced. The costs 
for enforcing the Pledge shall be borne by the Pledgor and shall be charged against the proceeds from this 
enforcement.  
In the event that the financial instruments and/or amounts recorded in the Pledged Account are denominated in a 
currency different from the currency of the Secured Debt, the foreign exchange rate that shall be applied to 
value, attribute or transfer the Pledge shall be the reference foreign exchange rate of the European Central Bank 
as it is available at 11.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the European Central Bank's website on the date of the operation 
planned or, if no quotation is possible on this date, the first available quotation that follows.  
The Exane Guarantee and the Pledge constitute independent guarantees under French law. Each of them may be 
enforced once the debt has become certain, liquid, due and payable, in accordance with their respective terms. 
The Holder may elect whether to enforce the Exane Guarantee and/or the Pledge. In the case the Pledge is not 
sufficient in order to cover the amounts due in respect of the Secured Debt, the Holders will continue to be able 
to claim against the Guarantor the unpaid amount. 
D. Enforcement – insolvency and bankruptcy of the Issuer 
Pursuant to the Luxembourg Law of 5 August 2005 on financial collateral arrangements the relevant Pledgee 
may benefit from the Luxembourg financial collateral regime which implements in Luxembourg the Financial 
Collateral Directive no. 2002/47/EC of 6 June, 2002 on financial collateral arrangements and its right to enforce 
its Pledge may be protected against the effets of the insolvency proceedings opened against the Issuer.  
E. Partial or total release of the Pledge  
Upon settlement by the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, or a Security is cancelled or redeemed by the 
Issuer (following a market purchase, a public offer, or in any other manner), the Pledgor may obtain a total or 
partial release, as applicable, of the Pledge. This release shall take the form of a Certificate of Valid Settlement 
(attestation de bonne fin de règlement) to be delivered by Euroclear France or the relevant Settlement 
Confirmation Agent, indicating that each relevant Security has been settled in full in favour of the account 
custodians for the beneficiaries, the list of which has been provided to it by the Principal Paying Agent, or 
cancelled by the Issuer.  
The Pledgor must provide the Certificate of Valid Settlement from Euroclear France or from the relevant 
Settlement Confirmation Agent to the Pledged Account Custodian. Once this certificate has been provided to the 
relevant Pledged Account Custodian, the Pledgor may freely dispose of all, or only part, as applicable, of the 
financial instruments or amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account. The partial release of the Pledge will 
allow the Pledgor to bring the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies in the 
Pledged Account to the Minimum Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge Value.  
The relevant Pledged Account Custodian shall ensure that the settlement to be made by delivery of securities by 
the Issuer, or the Guarantor if applicable, equals the Settlement Amount indicated in the Final Terms. In the 
event of a disagreement on this amount for more than one Business Day between the Pledged Account Custodian 
and the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent must designate a leading bank or investment bank on the 
interbank market (or, if applicable, on the money market, the swaps market, or the over the counter market for 
index options), excluding any member of the Exane group, whichever is most suitable for the calculations to be

--- Page 124 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
124 
 
made, so that said bank performs the required calculation. The amount determined by this bank may not be 
disputed by the Calculation Agent, the relevant Pledged Account Custodian, or any other person. Upon payment 
of the amount calculated by this bank, the Pledged Account Custodian may obtain the necessary release.  
F. Minimum rating of the Pledged Account Custodian  
The Pledged Account Custodian (or if the Pledged Account Custodian is not rated, the company that holds at 
least 95% of the shares of the Pledged Account Custodian (the Parent Company)) must at any time have its 
unsubordinated short-term debt rated at least P-1 by Moody's, and its long-term unsubordinated debt rated at 
least Aa3 by Moody's. If the short or long-term unsubordinated debt of the Pledged Account Custodian or the 
Parent Company is rated below P-1 or Aa3 respectively by Moody's, or if the Pledged Account Custodian or the 
Parent Company has no rating on its unsubordinated debt from Moody's, the Pledgor must choose another 
Pledged Account Custodian, which must at any time have its unsubordinated short-term debt rated at least P-1 by 
Moody's and its unsubordinated long-term debt rated at least Aa3 by Moody's, immediately after the occurrence 
of such an event. All Pledged Accounts existing at the time of the designation of the new Pledged Account 
Custodian must then be transferred immediately to the new Pledged Account Custodian. 
Any change in Pledged Account Custodian shall be notified to the Holders and to Moody's, if applicable, in 
accordance with Condition 19. 
The Pledged Account is located in France. 
3.4 
CHANGE TO THE RATING GIVEN TO THE SECURITIES 
Certain issues of Securities may be rated by Moody's. Such a rating may from time to time be reviewed, 
suspended or withdrawn. Holders shall be immediately informed of any change in the rating given to the 
Securities by the Issuer or by the Pledged Account Custodian in accordance with Condition 19. 
Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation, as it appears from the 
list 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
their 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) dated 3 June 2013. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 125 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
125 
 
4. INTEREST 
The Certificates, the CLN and the Hybrid Securities may be Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, Zero 
Coupon Securities, Partly Paid Securities or Securities linked to an Underlying(s), as specified in the Final 
Terms. The Warrants do not bear and pay interest. Therefore, the term Security(ies) used in this Condition 4 only 
applies to Certificates, CLN or Hybrid Securities, as the case may be. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4, any reference to "Interest Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or the Floating Coupon Amount (each as defined below) when the context requires. 
4.1 
FIXED RATE INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of fixed coupon amount (the 
Fixed Coupon Amount) and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4.1 for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Securities. 
 
In the case of Securities which are offered to the public and the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined by 
reference to a percentage to be published by the Issuer on its website (www.exane.com/exaneissues), the 
applicable Final Terms will specify an indicative value, a minimum value and will indicate the date of 
publication thereof. 
Each Security giving entitlement to a remuneration calculated on the basis of a Fixed Rate shall bear interest 
calculated on its Nominal Value (or its Outstanding Nominal Value, as the case may be and if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) from the Interest Commencement Date, at an annual rate (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest as specified in the Final Terms; this interest shall be payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date as specified in the Final Terms and up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on such 
date will amount the Fixed Coupon Amount (the Fixed Coupon Amount) as specified in the Final Terms. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount the 
Broken Amount (the Broken Amount). 
4.2 
FLOATING RATE INTEREST  
The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of floating coupon amount (the 
Floating Coupon Amount) and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4.2 for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Securities. 
 
In the case of Securities which are offered to the public and the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined by 
reference to a percentage to be published by the Issuer on its website www.exane.com/exaneissues , the 
applicable Final Terms will specify an indicative value, a minimum value and will indicate the date of 
publication thereof. 
A. 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Security giving entitlement to a yield calculated on the basis of a Floating Rate shall bear interest 
calculated on its unpaid Nominal Value (or its Outstanding Nominal Value, as the case may be and if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) at an annual rate (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest payable in 
arrears on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are indicated in the Final Terms as 
being the Interest Payment Date(s) or, if no Interest Payment Date is indicated in the Final Terms, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date at the end of the number of months or at the end of another period defined in 
the Final Terms as the Specified Period occurring after the preceding Interest Payment Day and, in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 126 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
126 
 
B. Business Day Convention 
When a date indicated in these Conditions, assumed to be adjusted in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention, does not fall on a Business Day, and when the applicable Business Day Convention is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day , this date shall be postponed to the following Business Day, unless that day falls in 
the following month, in which case (x) the date used shall be brought forward to the Business Day immediately 
preceding that day, and (y) any subsequent due date shall be set on the last Business Day of the month in which 
this due date should have fallen in the absence of such adjustments; (B) the Following Business Day , this date 
shall be postponed to the following Business Day; (C) the Modified Following Business Day , this date shall be 
postponed to the following Business Day, unless that day falls in the following month, in which case that date 
will be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or (D) the Preceding Business Day , this 
date will then be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding the above, the relevant Business Day Convention shall be applied 
on an "unadjusted" basis and the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of 
such Business Day Convention. 
C. Method of determination of the Interest Amount 
This Rate of Interest applicable for each Interest Period shall be determined in accordance with the stipulations 
below concerning the ISDA Determination, the FBF Determination or the Screen Rate Determination that shall 
apply, based on the option defined in the Final Terms.  
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to each Interest Period must be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, plus or minus, as applicable (as specified in the Final 
Terms), the Margin (if any).  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction governed by a 2002 
Master Agreement of the International Swaps and Derivative Association, Inc. (ISDA), supplemented by ISDA 
Definitions under the terms of which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is that indicated in the Final Terms;  
 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (I) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the London 
interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") or on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") (or, in the 
event that EURIBOR or LIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate as the 
financial industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate for EURIBOR or LIBOR for a 
currency, as applicable), the first day of that Interest Period, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definition. 
(ii) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate

--- Page 127 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
127 
 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to each Interest Period must be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate, plus or minus, as applicable (as specified in the Final 
Terms), the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), the FBF Rate for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction governed by the FBF Definitions under the terms of which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is that indicated in the Final Terms; ; and 
the Floating Rate Determination Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, "Floating Rate", "Agent" and "Floating Rate Determination Date" are 
translations of French terms, respectively have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either 
(a) 
the offered quotations; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations; 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the relevant Screen Page (the Relevant Screen Page) (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) at the Specified Time (which will be 11.00 a.m., London time, in the case of LIBOR, 
or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) (the "Screen Page Reference Rate") on the Interest Determination 
Date, as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin or Spread (if any) multiplied by any Leverage Factor, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.  
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of (a) above, no such offered quotation appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) or, in the 
case of (b) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information), in each case as at the Specified Time except as 
provided in paragraph below, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal office of each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest, as the case may befor such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
nearest 0.001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations eliminating the highest quotation 
(or in the event that two or more quotations are identical, one of the highest) and the lowest (or in the event that 
two or more quotations are identical, one of the lowest)plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and 
multiplied by any Leverage Factor as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.001, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates per annum, as

--- Page 128 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
128 
 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by the Reference Banks plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by any Leverage 
Factor as the case may be or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
offered rates, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to 
Reference Banks (or, as the case may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent), plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by any Leverage Factoras the case may be provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the last Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page, plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent, except that if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the absence of the quotation is due to the discontinuation of the Screen Page Reference 
Rate or the occurrence of a Reference Rate Fallback Event, then the Reference Rate will be determined in 
accordance with paragraph below 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any Interest Determination Date, that the Screen Page 
Reference Rate has been discontinued or a Reference Rate Fallback Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
will use, as a substitute for the Relevant Screen Page, an alternative reference rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any 
similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the 
Specified Currency (each a "Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry accepted standards, 
provided that, if two or more alternative reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most 
appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Securities. If the Calculation Agent notifies the 
Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the Calculation Agent will as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination 
Date) appoint an agent (the "Reference Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute 
or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Reference Rate, is available for the 
purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date of 
such determination. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry accepted 
successor rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such successor rate to be used 
by the Calculation Agent to determine the Rate of Interest. 
 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has determined a substitute 
or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such rate, the "Replacement Reference Rate"), 
for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after such 
determination:  
(i) the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will also determine 
the changes (if any) required to the applicable Business Day Convention, the definition of Business 
Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to make such Replacement Reference 
Rate comparable to the Screen Page Reference Rate, including, where applicable, and if Unwind Costs 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer 
providing such exposure to the Replacement Reference Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Replacement Reference Rate; 
(ii) references to the Rate of Interest in this Condition will be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate as described 
in (i) above;

--- Page 129 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
129 
 
(iii) the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will notify the 
Issuer of the Replacement Reference Rate, and the details described in (i) above, as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and 
(iv) the Issuer will give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 and the Calculation 
Agent of the Replacement Reference Rate, and the details described in (i) above as soon as reasonably 
practicable but in any event no later than 6:00 p.m. (Paris time) on the Business Day prior to the 
applicable Interest Determination Date.  
 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above by the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Holders, unless the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that the Replacement Reference Rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in 
which case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent, as the case 
may be (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this paragraph. If the replacement Reference 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable) or (z) an affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also constitute an Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the provisions of this Condition 4.2 (C)(iii). will apply. 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this Condition 
Condition 4.2 (C)(iii)(A), the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Reference Rate Determination Agent (as 
applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Securities as 
are provided for in connection with a Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as 
applicable, notwithstanding that such Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as 
applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Securities. 
4.3 
FIXED/FLOATING RATE SECURITIES 
Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may bear interest at a rate (i) which the Issuer may elect to convert on the date 
specified in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) 
which shall automatically convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate 
on the date specified in the Final Terms. 
4.4 
ZERO COUPON SECURITIES  
Where a Zero Coupon Security becomes due and payable and is not paid when due, the amount due and 
repayable shall be the amount determines in accordance with Condition 5.6. 
4.5 
PARTLY PAID SECURITIES 
In the case of Partly Paid Securities, interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up Nominal Value of said 
Securities.  
4.6 
SECURITIES LINKED TO AN UNDERLYING  
Securities linked to an Underlying bear interest, if applicable, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable 
Final Terms and, if so specified, in accordance with the Pay-Off Formula(ae) of the Technical Annex.

--- Page 130 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
130 
 
4.7 
ACCRUAL OF INTEREST 
A. 
General provision 
Interest shall cease to accrue for each Security on the Settlement Date, unless on such date the repayment of the 
principal, the settlement of the Security and/or the delivery of the relevant underlying is improperly withheld or 
refused; in which event, interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after a potential judgment) at the Rate 
of Interest, in the manner provided in this Condition, until the Reference Date.  
B. Specific provisions in respect of CLNs and Hybrid Securities  
Upon the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement in relation to any Reference Entity or further to the 
occurrence of a Credit Adjustment Event or further to the occurrence of an Underlying Adjustment Event, 
interest may cease to accrue in the manner specified in the Final Terms unless “Guaranteed Coupon” as detailed 
in paragraph (iv) below is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that either, in the clause “Settlement Interest Accrual”: 
(a) 
Not Accrued Interest, which means that interest ceases to accrue from (but excluding) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date, the Underlying 
Adjustment Event Determination Date or Credit Adjustment Event Determination Date, as the case 
may be (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date); or 
(b) 
Accrued Interest, which means that interest ceases to accrue from (but excluding) the Credit 
Event Determination Date, the Underlying Adjustment Event Determination Date or Credit 
Adjustment Event Determination Date, as the case may be. 
In the event that the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date as a result of an extension in 
accordance with Condition 6.1B or 6.2C or otherwise, and “Accrued Interest” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, interest shall be payable at a rate calculated by the Calculation Agent in good faith by 
reference to the relevant overnight rate for deposits in Euro available to the Calculation Agent in the inter-bank 
market for the period commencing and (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. 
Settlement Interest Accrual means Not Accrued Interest or Accrued Interest or Guaranteed Coupon, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If “Not Accrued Interest” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms,: (1) if a request is delivered to 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee prior to any Interest Payment Date and the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee does not Resolve, at least five Business Days prior to such Interest Payment Date (x) 
whether or not such event constitutes a Credit Event or (y) not to determine such matter, the interest amount 
shall not be paid on the Interest Payment Date and shall be postponed to the Postponed Interest Payment Date (as 
defined below). For the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on such interest amount (which shall accrue at 
the applicable overnight rate for deposits set by Exane Derivatives) which would otherwise have been paid on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date shall also be payable on the Postponed Interest Payment Date. If the 
Conditions to Settlement are satisfied and the relevant Credit Event Determination Date falls prior to the Interest 
Payment Date, no interest shall accrue nor be payable from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
such Credit Event Determination Date to the Scheduled Maturity Date; or (2) in respect of a Credit Adjustment 
Event, if the relevant Credit Adjustment Event Determination Date falls prior to the Interest Payment Date, no 
interest shall accrue nor be payable from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Credit 
Adjustment Event Determination Date to the Scheduled Maturity Date; or (3) in respect of an Underlying 
Adjustment Event, if the relevant Underlying Adjustment Event Determination Date falls prior to the Interest 
Payment Date, no interest shall accrue nor be payable from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
such Underlying Adjustment Event Determination Date to the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 131 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
131 
 
If “Accrued Interest” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: (1) if a request is delivered to the 
Credit Derivatives Committee prior to any Interest Payment Date and the Credit Derivatives Committee does not 
Resolve at least five Business Days prior to such Interest Payment Date (x) whether or not such event constitutes 
a Credit Event or (y) not to determine such matter, the interest amount shall not be paid on the Interest Payment 
Date and shall be postponed to a date that is five (5) Business Days following the Suspension End Date (the 
Postponed Interest Payment Date). For the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on such interest amount 
(which shall accrue at the applicable overnight rate for deposits set by Exane Derivatives) which would 
otherwise have been paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be payable on the Postponed Interest 
Payment Date. If the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied and the relevant Credit Event Determination Date 
falls prior to the Interest Payment Date, the interest will not be payable in respect of the full Interest Period but 
will be payable in respect of the period from and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date to 
but excluding the Credit Event Determination Date; or (2) in respect of a Credit Adjustment Event, if the 
relevant Credit Adjustment Event Determination Date falls prior to the Interest Payment Date, the interest will 
not be payable in respect of the full Interest Period but will be payable in respect of the period from and 
including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date to but excluding the Credit Adjustment Event 
Determination Date; or (3) in respect of an Underlying Adjustment Event, if the relevant Underlying Adjustment 
Event Determination Date falls prior to the Interest Payment Date, the interest will not be payable in respect of 
the full Interest Period but will be payable in respect of the period from and including the immediately preceding 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding the Underlying Adjustment Event Determination Date. 
Even if the Conditions to Settlement in relation to any Reference Entity are satisfied and/or an Credit Adjustment 
Event has occurred and/or an Underlying Adjustment Event has occurred in respect of a Hybrid Security for 
which Type of Settlement is European Settlement or Settlement by Instalments, the interests may continue to 
accrue if the applicable Final Terms specifies in the clause  
“Settlement Interest Accrual”, that Guaranteed Coupon is applicable, unless the Hybrid Security has been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled. For the avoidance of doubt, interest ceases to accrue from the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the redemption or purchase and cancellation of the Hybrid 
Security.  
Guaranteed Coupon means that, for a Hybrid Security with European Settlement or Settlement by Instalments 
selected as the Type of Settlement in the applicable Final Terms, Interest Period will end on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and the interests shall accrue in respect of each Interest Period as per the relevant Final Terms. 
4.8 
MARGIN, MAXIMUM/MINIMUM RATE OF INTEREST, INSTALMENT AMOUNTS AND 
SETTLEMENT AMOUNTS, COEFFICIENT MULTIPLIERS AND ROUNDING 
(i) 
If a Margin or Coefficient Multiplier applies to one or more Interest Period, as set out in the Final 
Terms, the Rates of Interest applicable to the relevant Interest Periods are calculated by adding (if it is a 
positive number) or by subtracting (if it is a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin at a 
Floating Rate, or by multiplying the Floating Rate by the Coefficient Multiplier. 
(ii) 
If a Minimum Rate of Interest or a Maximum Rate of Interest is stipulated in the Final Terms, each of 
these Rates of Interest may not exceed this maximum nor be less than this minimum, as the case may 
be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), 
(x) all percentages resulting from these calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten-
thousandth (halves shall be rounded up to the next highest number), (y) all numbers shall be rounded 
off to seventh significant figure (halves shall be rounded up to the next highest decimal) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest Unit of such currency (halves 
are rounded up to the next highest Unit), save in the case of Yen which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest Unit. For the purposes of this paragraph, Unit means the lowest subdivision of the currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency.

--- Page 132 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
132 
 
4.9 
CALCULATIONS 
The interest payable in respect of each Security and for any period shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Nominal Value of each Security, and by multiplying the result obtained by the Day Count 
Fraction, unless a formula for calculating interest is specified in respect of such period, in which case, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of the Security for such period shall be calculated in accordance with such 
formula.  
4.10 
DETERMINATION AND PUBLICATION OF THE RATES OF INTEREST, INTEREST 
AMOUNTS, FINAL SETTLEMENT AMOUNTS, OPTIONAL SETTLEMENT AMOUNTS, 
EARLY SETTLEMENT AMOUNTS AND INSTALMENT AMOUNTS 
As soon as practicable after the Reference Time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation, make any determination of an amount or proceed with a 
calculation, the Agent shall determine such rate and shall calculate the interest payable for each Nominal Value 
of the Securities as set out in the Final Terms during the corresponding Interest Period. It shall also calculate the 
relevant Final Settlement Amount, the Early Settlement Amount, the Optional Settlement Amount and the 
Instalment Amount, and shall obtain the corresponding quotation or make such determination or calculation that 
may be necessary. The Agent shall then notify the Rate of Interest and the interest payable for each Interest 
Period, as well as the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if necessary, the Final Settlement Amount, the Early 
Settlement Amount, the Optional Settlement Amount, and the Instalment Amount, to the Financial Agent, the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Holders, or any other Calculation Agent named in respect of the 
Securities in order to make further calculations upon receipt of this information. If the Securities are listed on a 
stock exchange whose rules so require, the Agent shall also provide this information to said exchange as soon as 
possible after its determination and no later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if this 
information is determined before this date, in the case of notification of the Rate of Interest and the interest 
payable to this stock exchange, or (ii) in all other cases, no later than the fourth Business Day after this 
information is determined. When the Interest Payment Date or the Interest Period is adjusted pursuant to 
Condition 5, the interest payable and Interest Payment Date as published may be amended (or other appropriate 
measures taken by adjustment), without prior notice, in the event of an extension or reduction of the Interest 
Period. The determination of each rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation, and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent or Agents shall (except in the event of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties.  
4.11 
CALCULATION AGENT AND REFERENCE BANKS 
(i) 
The Issuer shall ensure that, at all times, there are one or more Calculation Agents if this is specified in 
the Final Terms, for as long as the Securities are outstanding. In the event that several Calculation Agents are 
designated, any reference in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent must be interpreted as referring to each of 
the Calculation Agents acting pursuant to these Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is no longer able or willing 
to act in this capacity, or if the Calculation Agent fails to establish a Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, or to 
calculate the Interest Amount, the Final Settlement Amount, the Optional Settlement Amount, the Early 
Settlement Amount or the Instalment payable, as applicable, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall appoint a leading bank or investment bank acting on the interbank market (or, if applicable, on the money 
market, the swaps market, or the over the counter index options market) the most appropriate for the calculations 
and determinations to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal offices in Paris or 
Luxembourg, as applicable, or any other agency actively operating on this market) to act in this capacity in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign from its duties unless a new calculation agent has been appointed 
under the aforesaid conditions.  
(ii) 
The Issuer shall ensure that, at all times, there are at least two Reference Banks, if this is specified in the 
Final Terms, for as long as Securities are outstanding. If any Reference Bank is no longer able or willing to act 
as Reference Bank, the Issuer shall then appoint another Reference Bank to act in this capacity in its place.

--- Page 133 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
133 
 
 
5. SETTLEMENT OF SECURITIES  
This Condition shall apply as follows: 
• 
Conditions 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 will only apply to Certificates; 
• 
Condition 5.4 will apply to Certificates, Hybrid Securities and CLN; 
• 
Conditions 5.5 and 5.6 will apply to Certificates, Hybrid Securities and CLN; 
• 
Condition 5.7 apply to Warrants; 
• 
Condition 5.8 to Condition 5.17 will apply to Certificates and Hybrid Securities. Accordingly, for the 
avoidance of doubt, when used in these Conditions, Securities will mean en encompass Certificates and 
Hybrid Securities ;  
• 
Condition 5.18 will apply to Certificates, Hybrid Securities and CLN; 
• 
Conditions 5.19 to 5.21 will only apply to Certificates; 
• 
Condition 5.22 will apply to Certificates, Warrants, Hybrid Securities and CLN; 
• 
Condition 5.23 will apply to Certificates, Warrants and Hybrid Securities; 
• 
Condition 5.24 and 5.25 will apply to Certificates and Hybrid Securities. 
 
5.1 
SETTLEMENT CONDITIONS 
A. 
Cash Settlement  
Each Certificate resulting in a Cash Settlement shall be settled by the Issuer on the Settlement Date (i) at the 
Final Settlement Amount or (ii) in the case of Certificates governed by Condition 5.3 hereafter at the last 
Scheduled Instalment Amount.  
B. 
Physical Settlement 
Each Certificate resulting in Physical Settlement shall be settled by the Issuer on the Settlement Date by delivery 
of the quantity of Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments specified or determined as indicated in the Conditions 
and the Final Terms. Physical Settlement shall be effected by the delivery of Shares, Fund Units or Debt 
Instruments. No rights to dividends on the Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments shall accrue for the benefit of 
the Certificate Holder before the Settlement Date, unless the Final Terms provide otherwise. 
The Certificates resulting in Physical Settlement held by the same Certificate Holder shall be aggregated in order 
to determine the number of Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments to which said Certificates entitle the Holder. 
No fractional Share, Fund Unit or Debt Instrument shall be transferred by the Issuer; therefore, in the event of 
fractional shares, units or debt instruments, the Issuer shall deliver a whole number of Shares, Fund Units or 
Debt Instruments immediately lower than the quantity of Shares, Fund Units or Debt Securities, and shall pay a 
cash balance to each relevant Holder, in place and instead of this fractional Share, Fund Unit or Debt Instrument, 
calculated by reference to the price of the Share or of the Debt Instrument or the Net Asset Value of the Fund on 
the Valuation Date and Settlement Date and in the Settlement Currency, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If an event outside the Issuer's control prevents the transfer of the Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments (the 
Delivery Failure), the delivery of the other Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments held as part of a Multi 
Underlying Certificate shall not be affected.

--- Page 134 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
134 
 
The Physical Settlement of the Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments affected by the Delivery Failure shall be 
made on the first Scheduled Trading Day following the day on which the Delivery Failure has disappeared, 
unless a Delivery Failure continues during each of the five (5) Scheduled Trading Days (or any other period 
specified in the Final Terms) immediately following the initial date which should have been, if there were no 
Delivery Failure, the Settlement Date. In such a case, the Physical Settlement shall be replaced by a Cash 
Settlement to each relevant Holder. The Final Settlement Amount will be equal to the value of the closing price 
of the Shares or of the Debt Instruments or Net Asset Value of the Fund Units affected by the Delivery Failure 
on the fifth Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the initial day which, in the absence of the Delivery 
Failure, would have been the Settlement Date, and will be paid on the Business Day following said date instead 
and in place of the Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments affected by the Delivery Failure. 
5.2 
FINAL SETTLEMENT 
Unless it has already been settled, redeemed and cancelled as provided below, each Certificate shall be settled at 
the Final Settlement Amount on the Maturity Date. 
The Final Settlement Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 1.1 or in accordance with one of 
the following : At par/Fixed Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.1 of the Technical Annex) / Bond Backed 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.2 of the Technical Annex) / Delta One Settlement Amount (paragraph 
VI.A.3 of the Technical Annex)/ Indexed Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.4 of the Technical Annex)/ 
Conditional Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.5 of the Technical Annex) / Composite Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.A.6 of the Technical Annex)] / Combined Settlement Amount. 
If “Exercise of Certificates” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Certificates will be 
automatically exercised on the exercise date (the “Exercise Date”). Upon automatic exercise each Certificate 
entitles its Holder to receive from the Issuer the Final Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date. 
In accordance to the rules of the Italian Stock Exchange, each Holder has the right to renounce the automatic 
exercise by sending a duly completed renouncement notice (a “Renouncement Notice”) (substantially in the 
form attached to the applicable Final Terms) duly sent to the Principal Paying Agent prior to 10:00 am (Milan 
Time) (“Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time”) on the Exercise Date. The Principal Paying Agent will, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, determine whether the above conditions are satisfied and its determination will be 
final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and on the Holders. Neither the Principal Paying Agent nor the Issuer 
shall apply any charges for the automatic exercise of the Certificates. Any other taxes, duties and/or expenses, 
including any applicable depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, 
issue, registration, securities transfer and/or taxes or duties which may arise in connection with the automatic 
exercise are payable by the Holder. 
5.3 
SETTLEMENT BY INSTALMENTS 
Unless it has been previously settled, redeemed and cancelled as provided in this Condition 18 each Certificate 
the conditions of which provide for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially settled on each 
Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the Final Terms. The Nominal Value of each of 
these Certificates shall be reduced by the corresponding Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is 
calculated by reference to a proportion of the Nominal Value of such Certificate, shall be reduced accordingly), 
as of the Instalment Date, unless the payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused on the 
date scheduled for such payment. 
5.4 
SETTLEMENT OPTION AT THE ISSUER'S DISCRETION (CALL OPTION), OPTION 
EXERCISE AT THE ISSUER'S DISCRETION AND PARTIAL SETTLEMENT 
If a settlement option is specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, if applicable from the Reference Date for 
the Issuer, subject to the laws and regulations in force, and on giving not less than ten (10) and not more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (or any other notice

--- Page 135 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
135 
 
period specified in the Final Terms), settle all or, if applicable, some of the Securities (with the exception of 
Warrants) on the Optional Settlement Date. Each of these settlements shall be made at the Optional Settlement 
Amount together with the interest accrued until the date fixed for settlement. Each of these settlements must 
relate to Certificates for which the amount in principal is at least equal to the Minimum Principal Amount 
payable as indicated in the Final Terms, and may not exceed the Maximum Principal Amount payable as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial settlement or partial exercise of its Option by the Issuer, settlement shall be effected by 
reduction of the Nominal Value of the Securities in proportion to the nominal amount paid.  
Furthermore, if a trigger option is indicated as being applicable in the Final Terms and an Option Threshold 
Trigger is provided in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its discretion and subject to the laws and regulations in 
force, repurchase all of the Securities. For this purpose, the Issuer will send an irrevocable notice to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 19, such notice being due to occur at the least ten (10) Business Days, and not later 
than thirty (30) Business Days, before the option exercise date. Each Security will be repurchased at its fair 
market value as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
5.5 
SETTLEMENT OPTION AT THE HOLDERS' DISCRETION (PUT OPTION), OPTION 
EXERCISE AT THE HOLDERS' DISCRETION  
If a Holder's put option or any other option is specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer must, at the Holder's 
request, and upon the Holder giving irrevocable notice to the Issuer, settle this Security on the Optional 
Settlement Date or Dates at the Optional Settlement Amount plus, if applicable, interest accrued up to the date 
fixed for settlement.  
To exercise such option that may be specified in the Final Terms, the Holder, if applicable from the Reference 
Date for the Holder, must send a duly completed option exercise notice (the Exercise Notice) to the Issuer by e-
mail to the following address: mo-notifications@exane.com. The form of Exercise Notice may be obtained 
during usual business hours from the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as applicable. The date of exercise 
of the Holders’ option shall be deemed to be the fifth Business Day following confirmation by the Issuer by 
return e-mail of receipt of the Exercise Notice, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Holder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Securities that are to be settled to the account of the Principal 
Paying Agent as specified in the Exercise Notice. Any such transfer of Securities shall be definitive, except in 
case of prior written consent to the contrary by the Issuer.  
5.6 
EARLY SETTLEMENT OF ZERO COUPON SECURITY 
A. 
Early settlement Amount 
In the case of Zero Coupon Securities, the Early settlement Amount is calculated at an amount (the Amortised 
Face Amount) which shall be equal to the sum of: 
the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
the product of the accrual yield (the Accrual Yield) specified in the applicable Final Terms (compounded 
annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for settlement or (as the case may be) the date upon which such note becomes due and repayable. 
B. 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Securities 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, if the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Security 
upon settlement of such Zero Coupon Security pursuant to paragraph 5.2, 5.4, 5.5 and 5.20 of this Condition or 
upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 0 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Security shall be the amount calculated as provided in the

--- Page 136 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
136 
 
paragraph above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the settlement or the date upon which the 
Zero Coupon Security becomes due and repayable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Security have been paid; and 
five (5) days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Securities have been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 19. 
5.7 
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO WARRANTS 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Warrants, the definitions contained in this Condition 5.7 shall prevail 
on any defined term set out in the sections above entitled "1.1 Definitions in respect of Certificates and Warrants 
and Common Definitions for Certificates, Warrants, CLNs and Hybrid Securities”, "1.2 Definitions in respect of 
CLN, Hybrid Securities and Credit Linked Warrants (2014 ISDA DEFINITIONS VERSION)". 
A. 
Definitions in respect of Warrants  
Actual Exercise Date means the Exercise Date specified in the Final Terms (in the case of European Style 
Warrants) or, subject to paragraph (D), the date during the Exercise Period specified in the Final Terms (in the 
case of American Style Warrants) on which the Warrant is actually or is deemed exercised or, if Automatic 
Exercise is specified in the Final Terms, is automatically exercised (as more fully set out in paragraph (D)); 
Automatic Exercise has the meaning given to such term in paragraph (D); 
Cash Settled Warrant Amount means, in relation to Cash Settled Warrants, the settlement amount (which may 
never be less than zero) to which the Holder is entitled in relation to each such Warrant or, if Units are specified 
in the Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, determined, in accordance with the provisions of the Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the Final Terms, in accordance with one of the Pay-Off Formulas, provided that if 
the product of the Pay-Off Formula is zero, no amount shall be payable in respect of the relevant Warrant (and 
such Warrant shall expire worthless).  
Entitlement means in relation to a Physical Delivery Warrant or, if Units are specified in the Final Terms, each 
Unit, as the case may be, the Quantity of Underlying(s), which a Holder is entitled to receive on the Settlement 
Date in respect of each such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, following payment of the Exercise Price 
specified in the Final Terms (and any other sums payable) rounded down as provided in paragraph (D), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent including any documents evidencing such Entitlement which amount will 
be the Entitlement Amount specified in the Final Terms; 
Exercise Business Day means: 
(a) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, a day that is a Business Day; and 
(b) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, a day that is a Business Day and a Scheduled 
Trading Day; 
Exercise Date means (a) in the case of European Style Warrants, the Exercise Date specified in the Final Terms 
or (b) in the case of American Style Warrants, the date during the Exercise Period specified in the Final Terms 
on which the Warrant is actually or is deemed exercised in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (D) of 
these Conditions or, if Automatic Exercise is specified in the Final Terms, is automatically exercised (as more 
fully set out in paragraph (D)) (such date being referred to herein as the Actual Exercise Date); 
Expiration Date means the last day of the Exercise Period; 
Settlement Date means: 
(a)  
in relation to Cash Settled Warrants in relation to each Actual Exercise Date, (x) the date 
specified in the Final Terms or, if none, (y) the sixth Business Day following the Valuation 
Date provided that if the Warrants are a basket of Multi-Underlyings and the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day has resulted in a Valuation Date for one or more Underlyings, being adjusted as

--- Page 137 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
137 
 
set out in the definition of "Valuation Date", the Settlement Date shall be the fifth Business 
Day next following the last occurring Valuation Date in relation to any Underlying; or 
(b)  
in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants, the date specified as such in the Final Terms.  
B.  
Type of Warrants 
The Final Terms will indicate whether the Warrants are American style Warrants (American Style Warrants) 
or European style Warrants (European Style Warrants), in the case of Cash Settled Warrants whether 
automatic exercise (Automatic Exercise) applies to the Warrants, whether settlement shall be by way of cash 
payment (Cash Settled Warrants) or physical delivery (Physical Delivery Warrants), whether the Warrants 
are call Warrants (Call Warrants) or put Warrants (Put Warrants) and whether the Warrants may only be 
exercised in units (Units). If Units are specified in the Final Terms, Warrants must be exercised in Units and any 
Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
 
C.  
Exercise rights (Warrants) 
(i) 
Exercise of Warrants 
 
(a) 
American Style Warrants 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period. 
If (i) the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the Final 
Terms or (ii) if the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, any American Style Warrant with respect to which 
no Exercise Notice (as defined below) has been delivered in the manner set out in paragraph (D), at or prior to 
10.00 a.m. (local time in the city of the relevant clearing system), on the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the Final Terms, 
any such American Style Warrant shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date and the provisions of 
paragraph (D) shall apply. 
The Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 10.00 
a.m. (local time in the city of the relevant clearing system) to the relevant clearing system, to the relevant 
Accredited Financial Intermediary, and the copy thereof is received by the Principal Paying Agent or, if the 
Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the Final Terms, the 
Expiration Date, is referred to herein as the "Actual Exercise Date". If any Exercise Notice is received by the 
relevant clearing system, the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary, or if the copy thereof is received by the 
Principal Paying Agent, in each case, after 10.00 a.m. (local time in the city of the relevant clearing system) on 
any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been 
delivered on the next Exercise Business Day, which Exercise Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual 
Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the 
manner set out in paragraph (D) at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (local time in the city of the relevant clearing system) 
on the Expiration Date shall (A) (I) if the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not 
specified as applying in the Final Terms or (II) if the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, become void or 
(B) if the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the Final 
Terms, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
(b) 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date. 
If (i) the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the Final 
Terms or (ii) the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, any European Style Warrant with respect to which no 
Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in paragraph (D), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. ((local time 
in the city of the relevant clearing system) on the Actual Exercise Date, shall become void.

--- Page 138 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
138 
 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants a nd Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the Final Terms, 
any such European Style Warrant shall be automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date and the 
provisions of paragraph (D) shall apply. 
(ii) Cash Settlement 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the Final Terms, each 
Unit entitles its Holder, upon due exercise, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the Cash Settled 
Warrant Amount. 
If Aggregation is specified as in the Final Terms Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Holder will be 
aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settled Warrant Amounts payable in respect of 
such Warrants or Units, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
Physical Settlement 
If the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the Final Terms, 
each Unit, as the case may be, entitles its Holder, upon due exercise, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement 
Date the Entitlement subject to payment of the relevant Exercise Price and any other sums payable. The method 
of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in the Final Terms. 
If Aggregation is specified as applicable in the Final Terms Warrants or Units, as the case may be, exercised at 
the same time by the same Holder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements 
in respect of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be, provided that the aggregate Entitlements in respect of 
the same Holder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Underlyings or each of the Underlyings, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. Fractions of the Underlyings or of 
each of the Underlyings, as the case may be, and a cash adjustment will be made in respect thereof. 
Following exercise of a Warrant linked to a Share which is a Physical Delivery Warrant, all dividends on the 
relevant Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according to market 
practice for a sale of the Shares executed on the relevant Actual Exercise Date and to be delivered in the same 
manner as such relevant Shares. Any such dividends to be paid to a Holder will be paid to the account specified 
by the Holder in the relevant Exercise Notice as referred to in paragraph (D). 
Warrants linked to Indices, Futures Contracts, Listed Options, Exchange Rates, Reference Rates and/or 
Commodities shall not be Physical Delivery Warrants. 
(iv) 
General 
In relation to any Cash Settled Warrants where Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the Final Terms, 
the expressions "exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to apply to any such Cash 
Settled Warrants which are automatically exercised in accordance with the above provisions. 
D.  
Exercise procedure (Warrants) 
(i) 
Exercise Notice  
Subject as provided in paragraph (vi) below, Warrants may only be exercised by [the delivery, or the sending by 
fax,] of a duly completed exercise notice (an Exercise Notice) a form of which may be obtained from the 
Principal Paying Agent during business hour, in accordance with the provisions set out in paragraph (C) and this 
paragraph (D).  
(a) 
In the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(1) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are 
specified in the Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
(2) 
specify the number of the Holder's securities account at the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary 
to be debited with the Warrants being exercised;

--- Page 139 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
139 
 
(3) 
irrevocably instruct the relevant clearing system or, as the case may be, the relevant Accredited 
Financial Intermediary to debit on or before the Settlement Date the Holder's securities account with the 
Warrants being exercised or Units, as the case may be, being exercised; 
(4) 
specify the number of the account at the relevant clearing system or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Accredited Financial Intermediary to be credited with the Cash Settled Warrant Amount (if any) for 
each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
(5) 
include an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, and an authority to the relevant clearing 
system or, as the case may be, the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary to deduct an amount in 
respect thereof from any Cash Settled Warrant Amount due to such Holder and/or to debit a specified 
account at the relevant clearing system or as the case may be, the relevant Accredited Financial 
Intermediary; 
(6) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings. 
(b) 
In the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(1) 
specify the series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are 
specified in the Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
(2) 
specify the number of the Holder's securities account at the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary 
to be debited with the Warrants being exercised; 
(3) 
irrevocably instruct the relevant clearing system or, as the case may be, the relevant Accredited 
Financial Intermediary to debit on or before the Settlement Date the Holder's securities account with the 
Warrants being exercised or Units, as the case may be, being exercised; 
(4) 
irrevocably instruct the relevant clearing system or, as the case may be, the relevant Accredited 
Financial Intermediary to debit on the Actual Exercise Date a specified account with such clearing 
system or Accredited Financial Intermediary with the aggregate Exercise Prices in respect of such 
Warrants or Units, as the case may be (together with any other amounts payable); 
(5) 
include an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, and an authority to the relevant clearing 
system or, as the case may be, the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary to debit a specified 
account at the relevant clearing system or at the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary in respect 
thereof and to pay such taxes, duties and/or expenses; 
(6) 
include such details as are required by the Final Terms for delivery of the Entitlement which may 
include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose name evidence of the 
Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the 
Entitlement are to be delivered and specify the name and the number of the account with the relevant 
clearing system or, as the case may be, the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary to be credited 
with any cash payable by the Issuer, either in respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or 
any dividends relating to the Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Delivery Failure as 
described in Condition 5.1(b); 
(7) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings. 
(ii) 
Verification of the Holder 
Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary shall verify that the person 
exercising the Warrants is the holder thereof in the accounts of the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediaries. 
Subject thereto, the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary will confirm to the Principal Paying Agent the 
series number and the number of Warrants being exercised and the account details, if applicable, for the payment 
of the Cash Settled Warrant Amount or, as the case may be, the details for the delivery of the Entitlement of each 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Principal Paying 
Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. The relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary will on or before the 
Settlement Date debit the securities account of the relevant Holder.

--- Page 140 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
140 
 
(iii) 
Settlement 
(a) 
Cash Settled Warrants 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, the Issuer shall on the Settlement Date pay or cause to be paid the 
Cash Settled Warrant Amount (if any) for each duly exercised Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, to the 
account specified in the relevant Exercise Notice for value on the Settlement Date less any taxes, duties and/or 
expenses. 
(b) 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
Subject as provided in paragraph (D) the Issuer shall on the Settlement Date deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
the Entitlement for each duly exercised Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, pursuant to the details specified in 
the Exercise Notice. Subject as provided in paragraph (D), the Entitlement shall be delivered and evidenced in 
such manner as set out in the Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the 
relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent and the relevant Holder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, immediately after being delivered or sent to the relevant clearing system, or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary as provided in this paragraph (D), shall be null and void. In the 
absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, the Issuer shall not be liable to any person with respect to 
any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such 
determination to a Holder. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Accredited Financial 
Intermediary, and in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise 
Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary and 
the Issuer or, the Principal Paying Agent as the case may be. 
If (i) the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the Final 
Terms or (ii) the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, any Warrant with respect to which the Exercise 
Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out above by the cut-off time specified in 
paragraph (D)(i)(a), in the case of American Style Warrants, or paragraph (D)(i)(b), in the case of European 
Style Warrants, shall become void. 
The relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary, shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Holder 
submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation with the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of negligence 
or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the relevant Accredited Financial 
Intermediary shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in 
connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a Holder. 
(v) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant Holder to exercise the 
Warrants specified. After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, such exercising Holder may not transfer such 
Warrants. 
(vi) 
Automatic Exercise 
(a)  
This Condition only applies if the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, Automatic Exercise is specified as 
applying in the Final Terms and Warrants are automatically exercised as provided in paragraph (D)(i)(a) 
or paragraph (D)(i)(b). 
(b) 
No Exercise Notice is required to be submitted or any other action required to be taken by any relevant 
Holder of a Warrant in order to receive the Cash Settled Warrant Amount in respect of such Warrant, or if

--- Page 141 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
141 
 
Units are specified in the Final Terms, a Unit, as the case may be. The Issuer shall transfer or cause to be 
transferred to each clearing system through which such Warrants are held an amount equal to the 
aggregate of the Cash Settled Warrant Amounts in respect of the Warrants held in each such clearing 
system and each such clearing system shall, subject to having received such aggregate Cash Settled 
Warrant Amount, on the Settlement Date credit the account of each Holder of such Warrant(s) in its 
books with an amount equal to the aggregate Cash Settled Warrant Amount relating to the Warrant(s) 
held by such Holder and on or before the Settlement Date debit such account with the number of 
Warrants exercised and in respect of which such Cash Settled Warrant Amount is being paid. The Issuer 
shall not have any responsibility for the crediting by the relevant clearing system of any such amounts to 
any such accounts. 
(vii) Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the relevant 
Exercise Date and none of the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is 
unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, 
regulations or practices. None of the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall under any circumstances be liable 
for any acts or defaults of the relevant clearing system in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to 
the Warrants. 
(viii) Automatic Early Expiration 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Valuation Date, the Automatic Early 
Settlement Condition determine d in accordance with the Technical Annex and specified in the Final Terms 
occurs, then the Warrants will be automatically cancelled in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Settlement Date immediately following the relevant Automatic Early Valuation Date and the amount (if any) 
payable by the Issuer upon cancellation shall be equal to the applicable Automatic Early Settlement Amount.  
E.  Minimum and maximum number of Warrants exercisable 
(i)  American Style Warrants 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Holder on any Actual Exercise Date or, in the case of Automatic 
Exercise, the number of Warrants held by any Holder on any Actual Exercise Date, in each case as determined 
by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the Final Terms and, if specified 
in the Final Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of the 
number specified in the Final Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this 
provision shall be void and of no effect. 
If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual Exercise Date by any Holder 
or a group of Holders (whether or not acting in concert) exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number (a number 
equal to the Maximum Exercise Number being the "Quota"), the Issuer may deem the Actual Exercise Date for 
the first Quota of such Warrants, selected at the discretion of the Issuer, to be such day and the Actual Exercise 
Date for each additional Quota of such Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of the 
succeeding Exercise Business Days until all such Warrants have been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, 
provided, however, that the deemed Actual Exercise Date for any such Warrants which would thereby fall after 
the Expiration Date shall fall on the Expiration Date. In any case where more than the Quota of Warrants are 
exercised on the same day by Holder(s), the order of settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer. 
 
(ii)  European Style Warrants 
 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Holder on the Exercise Date, as determined by the Issuer, must be 
equal to the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the Final Terms and, if specified in the Final Terms, if a 
number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of the number specified in the 
Final Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void 
and of no effect.Market Disruption Event and Adjustments applicable to Share or Shares Basket.

--- Page 142 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
142 
 
5.8 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS AND ADJUSTMENTS APPLICABLE TO SHARE OR 
SHARE BASKET 
A. 
Definitions 
Basket means a basket comprising Shares of each Company, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, having 
the relevant Weighting specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Company means the issuer of a Share or, if applicable, the relevant entity in which an equivalent proprietary 
unit is held or, as the case may be, an Underlying Share, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment at any time in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Deposit Agreement means the contract or other financial instrument constituting the Depository Receipt, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
Depository Receipt means a negotiable financial instrument having, as of the Issue Date, the ISIN code 
(International Securities Identification Number) or any other identification code specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, issued by the DR Sponsor under the relevant Deposit Agreement, evidencing ownership 
of the specified number of Underlying Shares of the Company on deposit with a depositary in the Issuer’s 
domestic market and quoted in the DR Specified Currency, subject to adjustment or replacement at any time, in 
accordance with paragraph C below. 
DR Specified Currency means, for a Depository Receipt, the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
DR Sponsor means the depositary bank issuing the Depository Receipt, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
ETF Administrator means the administrator, trustee or similar person with principal administrative 
responsibility for such ETF, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment at any time, in 
accordance with paragraph C below. 
ETF Advisor means the person appointed to act as investment manager or investment adviser of the ETF, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph C below. 
ETF Underlying Index means the reference index, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, to which 
such ETF is linked, subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with the provisions of paragraph C below. 
ETF Unit means a unit of account of ownership in the ETF. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange prior to the Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange associated with such Share are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange 
prior to the Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange and Related Exchange, if applicable, are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange prior to the Scheduled Closing 
Time.

--- Page 143 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
143 
 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a Share, an Exchange Business Day (Single Share 
Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares (a) an Exchange Business Day (All Share Basis) or (b) an 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
if no Exchange Business Day is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Share Basis) 
shall be deemed to apply. 
Exchange means, for a Share, each exchange of quotation system specified as such in the Final Terms for a 
relevant Share, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Share has temporary relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Traded Fund or ETF means a fund or other collective investment vehicle specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, whose ETF Units are listed on the Exchange, subject to adjustment or replacement at 
any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Hedged Position means the purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
Initial Valuation Date shall have the meaning given thereto in the Technical Annex. 
Initial Price means the price per Share specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Initial Valuation Date 
(such date being defined in the Technical Annex) or, if no price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
price of such Share determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
Initial Valuation Date, subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with the provisions of paragraph C below. 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution 
or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Company, (A) all the Shares of that Company are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Shares of that 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
New Shares mean the securities exchanged or offered for Shares pursuant to a Cash/Exchange Tender Offer, the 
securities of the new company or new fund in the case of a Merger or the securities resulting from a Spin-off (as 
the case may be). Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, by reference 
to the applicable exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event that the original securities must be 
substituted for several different categories of securities, the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for the 
relevant securities one (or more) of such securities (the Selected Security(ies)). In this case, the value of the 
security or securities not selected (the Excluded Security(ies)) shall be expressed as a number or a fraction of a 
number of one (or more) of the Selected Security(ies), at the Calculation Agent’s choice, which shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the official closing price of both the Selected Security or 
Securities and the Excluded Securities, recorded simultaneously on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted 
security or securities include one or more unlisted securities, the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair 
market value of such unlisted security or securities on the Event Effective Date. 
Related Exchange means each exchange or quotation system specified as such for a relevant Share in the 
applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has temporary relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange), provided that where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the 
applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a

--- Page 144 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
144 
 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange associated with all of the Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares are 
scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading session(s). 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and Related Exchange associated with such Share are scheduled to be open for trading during 
their regular trading session(s). 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and relevant 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading session(s). 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis), or 
(ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day 
(Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no Scheduled Trading 
Day is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Settlement Cycle means the period expressed as a number of Share Clearing System Business Days following a 
transaction on the Share on the Exchange in respect of which settlement will normally take place within the rules 
of such Exchange. 
Share Clearing System Business Day means any day on which the Share Clearing System is open (or would 
have been open, but for the occurrence of a Share Clearing System Settlement Disruption Event) for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Share Clearing System means the principal domestic clearing system normally used to settle transactions on the 
Share at the relevant time, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Share Clearing System Settlement Disruption Event means an event outside the control of the Issuer, as a 
result of which (i) the Share Clearing System cannot clear the transfer of the Share or (ii) the Share Clearing 
System ceases to clear all or any of its shares. 
Share means, in the case of Securities issue on a single Share, a share or, as the case may be, an ordinary share 
capital of the Company or other equivalent proprietary unit, a Depository Receipt representing ownership of the 
Underlying Share, an ETF Unit (Exchange Traded Fund) or, in the case of a Basket of Shares, each share, 
ordinary share capital of the Company or other equivalent proprietary unit, Depository Receipt representing 
ownership of the Underlying Share, ETF Unit comprised in the Basket of Shares, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, having or each having on the Issue Date the ISIN code (International Securities Identification 
Number) or any other identification code specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Substitute Share means a share (i) which is not the Share of the relevant Security and (ii) which has, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Share (sector of activity, currency, 
market capitalisation, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other pertinent feature in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent). 
Substitution means cessation by the Calculation Agent of indexation of the Securities to the Share and its 
replacement with a Substitute Share or in the case of a Basket of Shares, as determined by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 145 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
145 
 
(alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Share) the 
crystallisation of the fair market value of the Share on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Underlying Share means the share issued by the Company to which the Depository Receipt is linked, specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuation Time means the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, 
then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.  
Weighting or W(i) means, in respect of each Share comprised in the Basket of Shares, the percentage or fraction 
specified, in respect of such Share, in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. Market Disruption Event 
(i) 
Definitions 
Disrupted Day means, in relation to Securities issue on a single Share or a Basket of Shares, in respect of a 
Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or, as the case may be, the Related Exchange fails to 
open for trading during its regular trading session, or any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Exchange or, as the case may be, the 
Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been announced by 
such Exchange or by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange 
Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the relevant Exchange or, as the case 
may be, the Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Share on the Related Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means, in the case of Securities issue on a single Share or a Basket of Shares, in 
respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to 
the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or, as 
the case may be, the Related Exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or relevant 
Related Exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to such Share on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on the relevant Related Exchange. 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event on a Valuation Date  
If any Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1.1) is a Disrupted Day, then:

--- Page 146 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
146 
 
(A) in the case of a Security on a single Share, such Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of the Share at 
the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day.  
(B) in the case of a Security on a Basket of Shares, the Valuation Date for all Shares of the Basket of Shares, 
included those not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, unless each of 
the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for all Shares of the Basket 
of Shares, including the Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, notwithstanding that such day is a 
Disrupted Day for the relevant affected Share and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair 
value of that affected Share at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
(iii) 
Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Market Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been a Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 19. 
C. Adjustment 
(i) 
Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting a Share (an Event) occur, the Calculation Agent 
may, as regards Securities in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the Valuation Date (as 
defined in Condition 1.1), continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers 
necessary. To this end, the Calculation Agent shall decide either to : 
(a) 
apply the same method as that applied by the Related Exchange (if applicable) or any other relevant 
authority (the Related Exchange Method); or  
(b) 
apply the methods described in paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) et seq. to adapt the Securities to the 
modifications to the Share or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); or  
 
(c) 
consider such Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities. In that case, 
and subject to Condition 5.24 and 5.25, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying 
the Holders, in accordance with Condition 19, of the fair market value of the Securities in the 
case of Cash Settlement or, if applicable, the quantity of Shares to be delivered in the case of 
Physical Delivery (the Deliverable Shares), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair market value, in 
the case of Cash Settlement or, if applicable, by delivery of the relevant quantity of 
Deliverable Shares, in the case of Physical Settlement (the Settlement Method). 
Notwithstanding the above, if such option is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value, in the case of Cash Settlement or, 
if applicable, delivery of the relevant quantity of Deliverable Shares, in the case of Physical 
Settlement shall be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value 
Option). For the purposes of this paragraph, the "Capitalised Fair Market Value" means the

--- Page 147 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
147 
 
fair market value of the Security capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the 
Settlement Date at the Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under 
the ticker EXDMEURC Index, or any other rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 61 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a), (b) and 
(c) above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Adjustments methods applicable to Shares 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
To this end, the Events applicable to a Share are defined as follows and include the Potential Adjustment Event, 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer, Merger, Spin-off, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Change of Listing - compartment 
or Exchange, De-listing, Correction of Share price, Change in Law, Insolvency Filing, Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(a) Potential Adjustment Event 
In the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of such event, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Share and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements relating to the relevant Share used to determine any settlement or 
payment terms under the Securities and/or adjust any other terms of the Securities as it determines appropriate to 
preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities and (b) determine the 
effective date of that adjustment. 
Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(1) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a Merger Event), 
or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization 
or similar issue; 
(2) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (A) such Shares, or (B) 
other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares, or 
(C) share capital or other securities of another company acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by 
the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, 
rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the 
prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(3) 
an extraordinary dividend which characterization of or portion thereof shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(4) 
a call by the Company in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid 
(5) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(6) 
in respect of the Company, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to

--- Page 148 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
148 
 
a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the 
occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock 
rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any settlement of such rights;  
(7) 
a distribution of reserves in cash or in listed shares held in the Company’s portfolio or a redemption of 
share capital; or 
(8) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant 
Shares. 
(b) Cash/Exchange Tender Offer  
(1). 
Definitions 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means any takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person (the Offeror) that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 % and less than 100 % of 
the outstanding voting shares of the Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making 
of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation gent deems 
relevant.  
Successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means a Cash/Exchange Tender Offer the results of which have been 
published by the relevant Exchange authorities. 
Offer Period means the period from (and including) the date on which the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer is 
officially announced by the Offeror in whatever manner to the competent supervisory authorities in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction, up to (but excluding) the date of the Tender 
Offer Date.  
(2). 
Consequences 
If an Offer Period commences, the Calculation Agent may, having examined its characteristics and relevant 
practical arrangements, elect (a) to maintain the Share or (b) replace it with the share issued by the Offeror. 
If the Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment during the Offer Period in accordance with the paragraph 
above and if the Company is the subject of a Successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer (the Tender Offer), the 
Calculation Agent may elect to (a) maintain the Share, (b) replace the Share with New Shares or (c) implement 
Substitution of the Share. 
(c) Merger 
(1). 
Definitions 
Merger means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person;  
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company with or into another 
entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of all of 
such Shares outstanding); 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person 
to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 % of the outstanding Shares of the Company that results in a

--- Page 149 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
149 
 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person); 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company or its subsidiaries 
with or into another entity in which the Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in 
a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other 
than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50% of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse 
Merger"),  
in each case if the Event Effective Date is on or before, (A) in the case of a Security with Physical Settlement 
the Settlement Date, or (B) in the case of a Security with Cash Settlement, the last occuring Valuation Date. 
(2). 
Consequences 
In the event that a Merger occurs in respect of a Share, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment 
or any other terms of the Securities, including electing to (a) replace the Share with New Shares or (b) 
implement Substitution of the relevant Share. 
(d) Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Company (Spin-off), the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment 
or any other terms of the Securities, including electing to (a) replace the Share with New Shares or (b) 
implement Substitution of the relevant Share. 
(e) Nationalisation 
(1). 
Definitions 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Company are nationalized, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof 
(2). 
Consequences 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Share if Nationalisation occurs in respect of a Share. 
(f) Insolvency  
(1). 
Definitions 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution 
or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Company, (A) all the Shares of that Company are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Shares of that 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
(2). 
Consequences 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Share in the event of an Insolvency. 
(g) Change of Listing - compartment or Exchange 
(1). 
Definitions

--- Page 150 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
150 
 
Change of Listing - compartment or Exchange means that the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules 
of such Exchange, the Shares (A) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for 
any reason (other than a Merger or Tender Offer), but are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) which is according to the Calculation Agent 
similar to the original Exchange or (B) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the original 
compartment Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger or Tender Offer), and are immediately re-listed, re-
traded or re-quoted on another compartment of the Exchange. 
(2). 
Consequences 
In the event of a Change of Listing - compartment or Exchange in respect of a Share, the Calculation Agent may 
adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including electing to implement Substitution 
of the relevant Share. 
(h) De-listing 
(1). 
Definitions 
Delisting means that the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Shares cease (or 
will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger or Tender 
Offer), and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in 
the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of 
the European Union). 
(2). 
Consequences 
If a Delisting occurs, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Securities, including electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Share. 
(i) Correction of Share price 
If a price published on the Exchange and used by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of any calculation or 
determination (the Initial Determination) is subsequently corrected and if the correction (the Corrected Value) 
is published on the relevant Exchange within one relevant Settlement Cycle following the Initial Determination, 
the Calculation Agent shall notify the Corrected Value to the Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable and shall 
determine the relevant price of the Share (the New Determination) using the Corrected Value.  
If the result of the New Determination is different than the result of the Initial Determination, the Calculation 
Agent may, to the extent that it deems necessary, adjust all relevant terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities accordingly. 
(j) Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due 
to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has or will become illegal or contrary to any 
Applicable Regulation for the Hedging Party, to to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedged Positions in relation to its 
Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position).

--- Page 151 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
151 
 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Share if a Change in Law occurs. 
(k) Insolvency Filing 
Insolvency Filing means that the Company institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or 
any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or 
such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings 
instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Company shall not be deemed an 
Insolvency Filing. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Share if an Insolvency Filling occurs. 
(l) Hedging Disruption 
Hedging Disruption means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing 
its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Share if a Hedging Disruption occurs 
(m) Increased Cost of Hedging  
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the relevant Security, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Share if an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs. 
(iii) 
Additional methods of adjustment for Depository Receipts 
(a) 
If the Share specified in the applicable Final Terms is an Underlying Share (Depository Receipt), the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above (Adjustment methods applicable to Shares) shall apply, with references 
to Share being replaced by references to the Underlying Share. 
(b) 
If the Deposit Agreement is terminated or if a Conversion Event occurs, the Calculation Agent may adjust 
the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including electing to implement Substitution 
of the relevant Underlying Share. 
For this purpose, Conversion Event means any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner results (or will result) in the Depositary

--- Page 152 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
152 
 
Receipts being converted into Underlying Shares or any other listed securities issued by the Company of 
the Underlying Shares. 
(iv) 
Additional methods of adjustment for ETFs 
If the Share specified in the applicable Final Terms is an ETF Unit, the following provisions shall apply. 
(a) 
Adjustment of the ETF Underlying Index 
The Calculation Agent may implement Substitution of the relevant Share if (i) the sponsor of the ETF 
Underlying Index materially amends the formula or method for calculating the ETF Underlying Index or makes 
any other material modification to the ETF Underlying Index (other than any modification prescribed in such 
formula or method in order to maintain the ETF Underlying Index in the event of change to any of the shares 
comprised in the ETF Underlying Index, capitalisation or any other routine event), or (ii) the sponsor of the ETF 
Underlying Index fails to calculate and publish the ETF Underlying Index and no successor index using, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, a substantially similar formula and calculation method to that used for 
calculating the ETF Underlying Index is published, resulting in a material change to the price of the Shares. 
(b) Change in Investment Policy  
The Calculation Agent may implement Substitution of the relevant Share if the ETF Advisor of the Company 
makes or announces its intention to make a change to the investment objectives, risk profile or other investment 
guidelines of the Company, in any material respect, or makes any other substantial change to the terms and 
conditions of the Company, to the extent that the Shares cease, or are reasonably likely to cease, to replicate the 
ETF Underlying Index. 
(c) Liquidation 
The Calculation Agent may implement Substitution of the relevant Share if due to the winding-up or voluntary 
or judicial liquidation of the ETF Administrator, the Shares have to be transferred to a manager, trustee, 
liquidator or other similar official, or the holders of the Shares are legally prohibited from transferring them. 
(v) 
General provisions 
(a) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Securities for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Securities, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Securities in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Securities in accordance with 
Condition 19.  
(c) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice and any Physical Settlement pursuant to Condition 19 shall be made 
as soon as possible.

--- Page 153 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
153 
 
5.9 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS AND ADJUSTMENTS FOR INDEX OR INDICES BASKET 
A. 
Definitions 
(i) 
Common definitions for Securities linked to a Mono-Exchange Index, a Multi-Exchange Index 
and a Proprietary Index 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a single Index, an Exchange Business Day (Single Index 
Basis), or (ii) in the case of an Index Basket (a) an Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) an 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
if no Exchange Business Day is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Indices 
Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Hedged Position means the purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
Index Basket means a basket comprising each Index specified in the applicable Final Terms, each having, if 
necessary, the relevant Weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Index means the index (or the indices in case of an Index Basket) to which the Securities are linked, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, as calculated or published by the relevant Sponsor, subject to adjustment or a 
replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Initial Level means the level of the Index specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Initial Valuation Date 
(such date being defined in the Technical Annex) or, if no level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
level of such Index determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
Initial Valuation Date, subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with the provisions of paragraph C below. 
Related Exchange means (except for Proprietary Index for which the definition of Related Exchange as 
specified in Condition 5.9 A (iv) will apply) each exchange or quotation system specified as such for a relevant 
Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index are 
principally traded, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Related Exchange), provided, however, that where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the 
applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or a Reference Market, as the case may be, or a 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or 
Reference Market, as the case may be, or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to 
after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day means (i) in the case of a single Index, a Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis), 
or (ii) in the case of an Index Basket (a) a Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) a Scheduled Trading 
Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no Scheduled

--- Page 154 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
154 
 
Trading Day is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) shall be 
deemed to apply. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Index and (b) announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, 
which as of the Issue Date is the entity specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below.  
Substitute Index means an index (i) which is not the Index of the Security and (ii) which, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to those of the excluded Index (geographical zone, business sector, 
currency, liquidity of futures and/or options contracts used for hedging, dividend calculation methodology or any 
other relevant parameter in the opinion of the Calculation Agent). 
Substitution means cessation by the Calculation Agent of indexation of the Securities to the Index and its 
replacement with a Substitute Index or in the case of an Index Basket, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Index) the 
crystallisation of the fair market value of the Index on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Weighting or Wi means, for each Index comprised in the Index Basket, the percentage or fraction specified as 
such, in respect of such Index, in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Specific definitions for Securities linked to a Mono-Exchange Index 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) means, with respect to any Indices comprised in an Index Basket, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular tradin sessions in respect of such Indices, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index comprised in an Index Basket, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange of such Index are open for trading 
during their respective trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange and 
the Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange means each exchange or quotation system specified as such for the Index in the applicable Final 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in securities comprised in such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the securities comprised in such Index on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Mono-Exchange Index means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) means, in respect of any Indices comprised in an Index Basket, any 
day on which each Exchange and each Related exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective 
regular trading sessions in respect of such Indices.

--- Page 155 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
155 
 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index comprised in an Index Basket, any 
day on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during 
for their respective regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) means any day on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange 
are scheduled to be open for trading during for their respective regular trading sessions. 
Valuation Time means (a) the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) if no such time is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date. If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time falls after the actual 
closing time for a regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time. 
(iii) 
Specific definitions for Securities linked to a Multi-Exchange Index 
Component means, for a Multi-Exchange Index, each security in such Multi-Exchange Index. 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) means, with respect to any Indices comprised in an Index Basket, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the Sponsor publishes the level of such Multi-Exchange Indices and (b) 
each Related Exchange (if applicable) is open for trading during its regular trading session for such Multi-
Exchange Indices, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index comprised in an Index Basket, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the Sponsor publishes the level of such Multi-Exchange Index and (b) the 
Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session for such Multi-Exchange Index, 
notwithstanding such Related Exchange closings prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the Sponsor 
publishes the level of the Multi-Exchange Index and (b) the Related Exchange, if applicable, is open for trading 
during its regular trading session for such Multi-Exchange Index, notwithstanding such Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange means for each Component, the principal exchange on which such Component is principally traded, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Multi-Exchange Index means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) means, in respect of any Indices comprised in an Index Basket, any 
day on which (a) the Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Indices and (b) each 
Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session for such Multi-Exchange 
Indices. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index comprissed in an Index Basket, any 
day on which (a) the Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Index and (b) the Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session for such Multi-Exchange Index. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) means a day on which (a) the relevant Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if any, is scheduled to be 
open for trading for its regular trading session for such Multi-Exchange Index. 
Valuation Time means (a) the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) if not so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred (x) in respect of any Component, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component and (y) in respect of any futures or options contracts of the Index, the close of trading on the Related

--- Page 156 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
156 
 
Exchange; and (ii) in all other cases, the time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and 
published by the Sponsor. 
(iv) 
Specific definitions for Securities linked to a Proprietary Index 
Closing Level means the official level of the Proprietary Index, as published by the Sponsor on a relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Debt Security Instrument means a Debt Instrument (as such term is defined in Condition 5.16) that forms part 
of a Proprietary Index. 
Equity Instrument means a Share (as such term is defined in Condition 5.8) that forms part of a Proprietary 
Index. 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) means, with respect to any Proprietary Indices comprised in an 
Index Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Sponsor publishes the Closing Level of such Proprietary 
Indices. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of a Proprietary Index comprised in an Index 
Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Sponsor publishes the Closing Level of such Proprietary 
Index. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) means in respect of a Proprietary Index any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the Sponsor publishes the Closing Level of the Proprietary Index pursuant to the Index Rules. 
Fund Instrument means a Fund Unit (as such term is defined in Condition 5.11) that forms part of a Proprietary 
Index. 
Futures Contract Instrument means a Futures Contract (as such term is defined in Condition 5.12) that forms 
part of a Proprietary Index. 
Index Advisor means the entity responsible for providing the Sponsor and/or the Index Calculation Agent, with 
the information necessary for calculating and maintaining the Proprietary Index, in particular with respect to 
selection of Index Components, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Index Component means an Equity Instrument, a Fund Instrument, an Index Instrument, a Futures Contract 
Instrument and/or a Debt Security Instrument, as the case may be. 
Index Instrument means an Index (as such term is defined in Condition 5.9 and which may encompass, for the 
avoidance of doubt, a Proprietary Index) that forms part of a Proprietary Index. 
Index Rules means the methodology of the Proprietary Index described in the sections entitled General 
Methodology of Exane Indices and Specific Methodology of Exane Indices, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time.  
Proprietary Index means any Index being one of the proprietary indices appearing in the sections entitled 
Specific Methodology of Proprietary Indices and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Reference Market means the principal market or quotation system on which, as the Calculation Agent may 
determine in good faith, the relevant Index Components are traded and which offers the greatest liquidity for 
such Index Components, or any successor or replacement market or quotation system.

--- Page 157 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
157 
 
Related Exchange means each market or quotation system on which trading has a material effect (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) on the market as a whole for futures and options contracts on the relevant Index 
Components, or any successor or replacement market or quotation system. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) means, in respect of any Proprietary Indices comprised in an Index 
Basket, any day on which the Sponsor is scheduled to publish the Closing Level of such Proprietary Indices. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of a Proprietary Index comprissed in an Index 
Basket, any day on which the Sponsor is scheduled to publish the Closing Level of such Proprietary Index. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, any day on which the 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the Closing Level of the Proprietary Index pursuant to the Index Rules.  
Substitute Proprietary Index means an index (i) which is not the relevant Proprietary Index and (ii) which, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to those of the excluded Proprietary Index 
(strategy, currency, asset class, geographical or economic sector). 
Valuation Time means, unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the time at which the Closing 
Level is published by the Sponsor pursuant to the Index Rules. 
B. Market Disruption Event 
(i) 
Definitions 
(a) 
Specific definitions for Securities linked to a Mono-Exchange Index 
Disrupted Day means a Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the relevant Exchange and/or Related Exchange 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
securities that comprise 20 per cent or more of the level of the Index, or, if applicable, of the Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day, and 
(ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if applicable, Related Exchange 
system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, on any relevant Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent 
or more of the level of the Index or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index, on any relevant Related Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence (i) of a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange 
Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines, in each case, is material at any time during the one hour 
period that end at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. To determine whether a Market 
Disruption Event exists for such Index at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of any security 
included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level of the 
Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to such security, and 
(y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption 
Event. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Exchange or, if applicable, 
the relevant Related Exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or an Exchange Disruption), and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or the relevant Related

--- Page 158 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
158 
 
Exchange or otherwise, (i) on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20per cent or more of 
the level of the Index, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the relevant Related 
Exchange. 
(b) Specific definitions for Securities linked to a Multi-Exchange Index 
Disrupted Day means a Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Sponsor does not publish the Index level or (ii) 
the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (iii) a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Exchange relating to any Component 
or of the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or such Related Exchange (as the case may be) on 
such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if 
applicable, Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or Trading Disruption) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component; 
(ii) futures or options contracts relating to such Index, on the Related Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means either: 
(i) (a) the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component: 
1. of a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component, which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange 
on which such Component is principally traded; and/or 
2. of an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component, which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
Exchange on which such Component is principally traded; and/or 
3. of an Early Closure in respect of such Component; and  
(b) the aggregate of all Components in respect of which a Trading Disruption and/or an Exchange Disruption 
and/or an Early Closure occurs or exists, comprises 20 percent or more of the level of the Index; or 
(ii) the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Index, of: (a) a Trading 
Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines, in each case, is material, at 
any time during the one-hour period that ends at the Valuation Time on the Related Exchange, or (iii) an Early 
Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
To determine whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component at any time, if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of 
that Component to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the 
Index attributable to that Component to (y) the overall level of the Index, using, in each case, the official opening 
weightings, as published by the Sponsor as part of the market “opening data”. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Exchange or, if applicable, 
the relevant Related Exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), and whether 
by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or the relevant Related Exchange

--- Page 159 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
159 
 
or otherwise (i) relating to any Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component or (ii) futures or 
options contracts relating to such Index, on the Related Exchange. 
(c) Specific definitions for Securities linked to a Proprietary Index 
Debt Security Disruption Event means, in respect of a Debt Security Instrument: 
(a) 
any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Reference Market or 
(b) 
any suspension or limitation on trading on listed options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Debt 
Security Instrument, which the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any time 
during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time or  
(c) 
any suspension of publication on the relevant screen page of the Debt Security Instrument or the 
unavailability of clean bid prices from at least two market participants. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
Equity Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at 
any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the 
purpose hereof: 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Reference Market or, as the case may 
be, the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been 
announced by such Reference Market or by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Market or Related Exchange, as the case 
may be, on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation 
Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Equity Instruments on the relevant Reference Market, or (ii) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Equity 
Instrument on the Related Exchange. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or, as the case may be, the Related Exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange 
Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference 
Market or relevant Related Exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to such Share on the relevant Reference Market, 
or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Equity Instrument on the relevant Related Exchange.  
Fund Disruption Event means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, the occurrence or existence of (i) Valuation 
Disruption, (ii) a Settlement Disruption or (iii) a Liquidity Disruption, that the Calculation Agent determines is 
material. For the purpose thereof: 
Liquidity Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, any suspension, limitation or delay affecting the 
settlement of such Fund Instrument, whether in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Documents or for 
any other reason.  
Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument on any date, failure by the Fund to pay the full 
amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the Settlement Proceeds due in respect of such Fund 
Instrument, as such amount should have been paid at the latest by such date in accordance with the Fund

--- Page 160 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
160 
 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision permitting the Fund 
to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Instruments). 
Valuation Disruption means that: 
(a) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument is not determined and/or published by the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) in accordance with the provisions of 
the Fund Documents; 
(b) 
the determination and/or publication of the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument, in accordance 
with the Fund Documents, has/have been suspended; or  
(c) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider 
which generally determines such value) is incorrect or misrepresents the Net Asset Value of the Fund 
Instrument, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
For the sake of clarity, any terms with a capital letter will have the meaning specified in Condition 5.11 except 
that where Fund Unit(s) appears, it will be replaced by “Fund Instrument(s)”. 
Futures Contract Disruption Event means, in respect of a Futures Contract Instrument, the occurrence or 
existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines, in 
each case, is material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation 
Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the purpose thereof: 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the relevant Reference Market prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been announced by such Reference Market at least 
one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference 
Market on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Reference Market system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures Contract Instrument on the Reference Market. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference Market or otherwise, in the relevant Futures Contract 
Instrument on the relevant Reference Market. 
Index Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
• 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Share Instruments, the occurrence of a Share Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Share Instruments; and 
• 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Fund Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund 
Instruments; and 
• 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Index Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments;

--- Page 161 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
161 
 
• 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Futures Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or 
more of such Futures Contract Instruments. 
• 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Debt Security Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Debt Security Instruments. 
Index Disruption Event means, in respect of an Index Instrument, the non-publication of the Closing Level by 
the Sponsor. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such event is material: (a) the non-publication of the Closing Level or 
(b) an Index Component Event where the aggregate of all Index Components in respect of which an Index 
Component Event occurs or exists comprises 25 per cent. or more of the level of the Proprietary Index. 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event  
(a) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event for an Index (other than a Proprietary 
Index) 
If any Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1.1) is a Disrupted Day, then : 
(A) in the case of a Security on a single Index, such Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the level of the Index at the 
Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculation the 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted prices 
as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprises in the Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day). 
(B) in the case of a Security on an Index Basket, the Valuation Date for all Indices of the Index Basket, included 
those not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day for the Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be Valuation Date for all Indices of the Index 
Basket, including the Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, notwithstanding that such day is a 
Disrupted Day for the relevant affected Index and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the 
level of the Index at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculation the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted prices as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each 
security (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day). 
(b) Consequences of a Market Disruption Event for a Proprietary Index 
If any Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1.1) is a Disrupted Day for a Proprietary Index, then:

--- Page 162 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
162 
 
(A) in the case of a Security on a single Proprietary Index, such Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Proprietary Index, unless each of the 
eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the level of such Proprietary 
Index at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day, in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating such Proprietary Index last in effect prior to the occurence of the first Disrupted Day, using the 
Reference Market traded or quoted prices as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of 
each Index Component (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Index Component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day). 
(B) in the case of a Security on an Index Basket, the Valuation Date for all Proprietary Indices of the Index 
Basket, included those not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Proprietary Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, unless each of the eigth Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be Valuation Date for all Proprietary Indices of 
the Index Basket, including the Proprietary Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
notwithstanding that such day is a Disrupted Day for the relevant affected Proprietary Index and (2) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the level of such Proprietary Index at the Valuation Time on 
such eighth Disrupted Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculation such Proprietary Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Reference Market traded or quoted 
prices as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each Index Component (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Index Component on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Index Component as of the Valuation Time on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day) 
(iii) 
Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Market Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, in the absence of such Market Disruption Event, would have been the Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 19. 
C. Adjustments 
(i) 
Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below and affecting an Index (an Event) occur, the 
Calculation Agent may, as regards Securities in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the 
Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1.1), continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as 
it considers necessary. To this end, the Calculation Agent shall decide either to: 
(a) 
apply the same method as that applied by the Related Exchange (if applicable) or by any other 
relevant authority (the Related Exchange Method) (except for Proprietary Indices), or 
(b) 
apply the methods described in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) to adapt the Securities to the modifications 
to the Index or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); or

--- Page 163 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
163 
 
(c) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities. In that case, and 
subject to Condition 5.24 and 5.25, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying the 
Holders, in accordance with Condition 19, of the fair market value of the Securities, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the 
specified fair market value (the Settlement Method). Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such 
option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised 
Fair Market Value shall be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value 
Option). For the purposes of this paragraph, the "Capitalised Fair Market Value" means the fair 
market value of the Security capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date 
at the Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker 
EXDMEURC Index , or any other rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 61 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a), (b) and 
(c) above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Adjustment methods applicable to Indices  
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method it may make the following adjustments. 
To this end, the Events applicable to an Index are defined as follows and include Calculation and publication of 
an Index by a New Sponsor, Change in the calculation or replacement of an Index, Non-publication or cessation 
of calculation of an Index, Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(a) 
Calculation and publication of an Index by a New Sponsor 
If an Index ceases to be calculated and/or published by the Sponsor of such Index, but is calculated and/or 
published by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (the "New Sponsor"), the reference level of the 
Index shall be determined on the basis of the level of the Index as calculated and/or published by the New 
Sponsor. 
The name of the New Sponsor and the terms and conditions for the calculation and/or distribution of the Index 
shall be notified as soon as possible to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19. 
(b) Change in the calculation or replacement of an Index  
If, the Sponsor or, if applicable, the New Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula 
for or method of calculation that Index or in any other way materially modified that Index (other that a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent 
stock and capitalization and other routine event), or if the Sponsor replaces by a successor index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or substantially similar formula for and method of calculation 
as used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case such new Index must be used as the new underlying 
instrument of the Securities, the Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
use the Index so calculated or replace the Index with the new index, as applicable, by multiplying it, if 
necessary, by a factor that ensures the continuity of the Index used as the underlying instrument for the 
Securities; the Index so calculated or the new index, as applicable, as well as the factor, if necessary, 
shall be notified as soon as possible to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19; or 
(b) 
make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including electing to 
proceed with Substitution of the affected Index.

--- Page 164 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
164 
 
(c) Non-publication or cessation of calculation of an Index  
If, on the Valuation Date or an earlier date, the Sponsor or the New Sponsor fails to publish the level of the 
Index or definitively stops calculating the Index without providing a new Index, or if it is no longer possible to 
use the Index as the Underlying of the Securities, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the 
settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including electing to implement Substitution of the 
affected Index. 
(d) Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due 
to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has or will become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of the relevant Indices or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or 
dispose of Hedged Positions in relation to its Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Index if a Change in Law occurs. 
(e) Hedging Disruption 
Hedging Disruption means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing 
its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Index if a Hedging Disruption occurs. 
(f) Increased Cost of Hedging 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commission) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the relevant Security, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Index if an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs. 
(iii) 
Additional methods of adjustment for Proprietary Indices 
(a) 
Publication of a Substitute Proprietary Index 
If a Proprietary Index (i) ceases to be calculated by the Index Calculation Agent of such Proprietary Index and/or 
ceases to be published by the Sponsor of such Proprietary Index but is calculated by a replacement index

--- Page 165 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
165 
 
calculation agent (the Replacement Index Calculation Agent) acceptable to the Calculation Agent and/or is 
published by a replacement sponsor (the Replacement Sponsor) acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) is 
replaced by a new proprietary index which uses, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula and calculation method as that used to calculate such Proprietary Index then, in 
each case, such substitute Proprietary Index (the Substitute Proprietary Index) shall be deemed to be the 
Proprietary Index. 
(b) Modification and cessation of calculation of a Proprietary Index 
If the Sponsor, or, if applicable, the Replacement Sponsor, announces that it will make a material change in the 
formula or method of calculating that Proprietary Index or in any other way materially modified that Proprietary 
Index (other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain such Proprietary 
Index in the event of change to any of the Index Components comprised in the Proprietary Index, their 
capitalisation or any other routine event) (Proprietary Index Modification) or permanently cancels the 
Proprietary Index and no Substitute Proprietary Index exists (Proprietary Index Cancellation), then the 
Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities by, in particular, 
calculating the level of such Proprietary Index in accordance with the Index Rules in force prior to such 
modification or cancellation, but using only the Index Components immediately prior to such Proprietary Index 
Modification or Proprietary Index Cancellation, or the Calculation Agent may proceed with Substitution of the 
Proprietary Index. 
(c) Change of Index Advisor 
The Calculation Agent may proceed with Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index if (i) the Index Advisor 
ceases to perform its functions and no satisfactory successor, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has been 
appointed to replace it within five (5) Exchange Business Days following such event, (ii) there is a change of 
control of the Index Advisor or (iii) the Index Advisor is no longer able, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
to perform its functions with the same care and attention as prior to the Issue Date, in particular due to a legal or 
regulatory decision or decision of a supervisory authority or is the subject of judicial reorganisation, liquidation 
or insolvency proceedings or, at any time, ceases to honour its debts or is the subject of a temporary or 
permanent withdrawal of its licence, or is the subject of disciplinary or administrative proceedings initiated by its 
supervisory authorities or acts in a fraudulent manner or any other event occurs which, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, has a material adverse effect on the Proprietary Index. 
(d) Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due 
to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has or will become illegal or contrary to any 
Applicable Regulation for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedged Positions in relation to its 
Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement the Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index if a Change in Law occurs. 
(e) Hedging Disruption 
Hedging Disruption means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the index price risk or any other relevant price

--- Page 166 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
166 
 
risk including but not limited to the currency risk generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing its 
obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index if a Hedging Disruption occurs. 
(f) Increased Cost of Hedging 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commission) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the relevant Security, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index if an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs. 
(iv) 
General 
(a) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Securities for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Securities, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Securities in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Securities in accordance with 
Condition 19.  
(c) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice.

--- Page 167 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
167 
 
5.10 
 MARKET 
DISRUPTION 
EVENTS 
AND 
ADJUSTMENTS 
FOR 
COMMODITY 
OR 
COMMODITIES BASKET 
A. 
Definitions 
Barrier means the Commodity Price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph C below 
Basket means a basket comprising Commodities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in such proportion 
or number of Commodities as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Business Day means for a Commodity (other than Precious Metals) in respect of which the 
Commodity Reference Price is not a Price announced or published by an Exchange, a day on which the Sponsor 
of the Commodity Reference Price or the Price Source has published (or would, but for the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event, have published) a Price; and in respect of any Precious Metal, any day on which 
commercial banks are open in London and New York and in any place which the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
may determine is the place where payment shall or must be made for such Precious Metals pursuant to any 
related Hedging Agreements.  
Commodity means subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph C below, (a) (i) a commodity, (ii) 
options contracts relating to a commodity, (iii) futures contracts relating to a commodity, (iv) options contracts 
relating to futures contracts on a commodity, (v) swap contracts relating to any of the elements referred to in (i) 
to (iv), or (vi) any other contract, derivative or otherwise, relating to a commodity, or (b) Precious Metals, if 
specified as the commodity referred to in (i) to (iv) above, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. All related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Commodity Reference Broker Price means that the Price on any given date shall be determined on the basis of 
quotations, provided by Commodity Reference Brokers or Precious Metals Reference Brokers, as the case may 
be, indicating the Price of the relevant Commodity on such date. If four requested quotations are provided, the 
Price for such date shall be the arithmetic average of the Prices for such Commodity, transmitted by each 
Reference Broker or Precious Metals Reference Broker, as the case may be, excluding the highest quoted Price 
and the lowest quoted Price. If three requested quotations are provided, the Price for such date shall be the Price 
transmitted by the Reference Broker or the Precious Metals Reference Broker, as the case may be, that remains 
having excluded the highest quoted Price and the lowest quoted Price. For this purpose, if more than one 
quotation specifies the same highest and lowest values, one such quoted Price shall be excluded. If less than 
three quotations are provided, it shall be deemed to have been impossible to determine the Price on such date.  
Commodity Reference Brokers means in respect of a Commodity (other than Precious Metals) for which the 
Commodity Reference Price is the Commodity Reference Broker Price, the four brokers specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if none are specified, four prime brokers on the relevant market, selected by the 
Issuer. 
Commodity Reference Price means, in respect of any Commodity, the reference price specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the 
Commodity Reference Price and (b) announces (directly or indirectly) the Commodity Reference Price on a 
regular basis during each Business Day, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph C below. 
Event Effective Date means, for the purposes of a Market Disruption Event, the date on which the relevant 
Event becomes effective.

--- Page 168 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
168 
 
Exchange Business Day (All Commodities Basis) means, in respect of a Commodity Basket, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange prior to the 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Commodity Basis) means, in respect of a Commodity Basket, any day on which 
the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange associated with such Commodity are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Commodity Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange and Related Exchange, if applicable, are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange prior to the Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a Commodity, an Exchange Business Day (Single 
Commodity Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Commodity Basket (a) an Exchange Business Day (All Commodities 
Basis) or (b) an Exchange Business Day (Per Commodity Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that if no Exchange Business Day is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Exchange Business 
Day (All Commodities Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Exchange means the principal exchange or regulated market on which the Commodity is traded, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Gold means gold bars or non-allocated gold complying with LBMA rules, unless provided otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, relating to good delivery and fineness, in force at any time. 
Hedged Position means any purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
Hedging Agreement means all hedging agreements entered into by the Issuer (and/or any of its affiliates) or any 
entities party to the Hedging Agreements entered into at any time to hedge the Securities, including, without 
limitation, the purchase and/or sale of any securities, options, futures contracts on such securities, all certificates 
or hybrid securities, as the case may be, of deposit relating to such securities and all related currency 
transactions. 
Initial Valuation Date shall have the meaning given thereto in the Technical Annex. 
Initial Price means the price for a Commodity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the price for such Commodity as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Initial Valuation Date, subject to adjustment at any 
time in accordance with the provisions of paragraph C below. 
LBMA means the London Bullion Market Association, or its successor. 
LPPM means the London Platinum and Palladium Market, or its successor. 
Material Composition Change means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Issue Date of a 
material change in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity. 
Material Formula Change means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material 
change in the formula or method of calculation of the Reference Price of the relevant Commodity. 
Material Price Differential Percentage means the percentage, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 169 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
169 
 
Mono-Exchange Basket means, in respect of a Commodities Basket specified as being a Mono-Exchange 
Basket in the applicable Final Terms, the fact that each Commodity comprised in such Commodity Basket is, or 
is deemed to be, traded on the same market, such that the definitions set forth in this Condition 5.10, shall apply 
to such Mono-Exchange Basket and each of the Commodities comprised in such Commodity Basket. 
Multi-Exchange Basket means, in respect of a Commodities Basket specified as being a Multi-Exchange 
Basket in the applicable Final Terms, the fact that the Commodities comprised in such Commodity Basket are, or 
are deemed to be, traded on several markets, such that the definitions set forth in this Condition 5.10, shall apply 
to such Commodity Basket and to each of the Commodities comprised therein. 
Palladium means palladium ingots or plaques or non-allocated palladium complying with LPPM rules, unless 
provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, relating to good delivery and fineness, in force at any time. 
Platinum means platinum ingots or plaques or non-allocated platinum complying with LPPM rules, unless 
provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, relating to good delivery and fineness, in force at any time. 
Precious Metals means Gold, Silver, Platinum or Palladium, or any other metal specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as the case may be.  
Precious Metals Reference Brokers means, in respect of any Precious Metals for which the Commodity 
Reference Price is the Commodity Reference Broker Price, the four leading brokers (members of the LBMA) 
specified in the Final Terms, or if such Precious Metals Reference Brokers are not so specified, those chosen by 
the Calculation Agent, unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms.  
Price means the price, level or rate of the relevant Commodity, as the case may be. 
Price Source Disruption means in respect of a Commodity (a) the failure by the relevant Price Source to 
announce or publish the Price (or the necessary information to determine the Price) for the Reference Price of the 
relevant Commodity; (b) the disappearance or temporary or permanent unavailability of the Price Source; (c) if 
the Commodity Reference Price is the Commodity Reference Broker Price, the inability to obtain at least three 
quotations from the Commodity Reference Brokers or Precious Metals Reference Brokers, as the case may be; or 
(d) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Material Price Differential Percentage applies, the fact that the 
Price of the relevant Commodity determined by reference to the Commodity Reference Price differs from the 
Price determined by reference to the Commodity Reference Broker Price, where such difference reaches the 
Material Price Differential Percentage.  
Price Source means the publication (or any other reference source, in particular an Exchange or a Commodity 
Reference Price Sponsor) containing (or publishing) the relevant price (or the price used as the basis for 
calculating the relevant price) specified in the relevant Commodity Reference Price. 
Related Exchange means an organised market on which futures contracts and/or options on a Commodity are 
traded, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or any successor market or any other market that may be 
nominated subsequently by the Issuer to replace the Related Exchange specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Commodities Basis) means, in respect of a Commodity Basket, any day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange associated with all of the Commodities comprised in the Commodity 
Basket are scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading sessions.

--- Page 170 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
170 
 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Commodity Basis) means, in respect of a Commodity Basket, any day on which 
the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange associated with such Commodity are scheduled to be open for 
trading during their regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Commodity Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and 
relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a Commodity, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Commodity Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Commodity Basket, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Commodities 
Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Commodity Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that if no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Commodities Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Silver means silver bars or non-allocated silver complying with LBMA rules, unless provided otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, relating to good delivery and fineness, in force at any time. 
Substitute Commodity means a Commodity (i) which is not an Underlying of the Security and (ii) which, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to those of the excluded Commodity (underlying, 
currency, maturity, liquidity of hedging instruments, or any other relevant parameter, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent). 
Substitution means the cessation by the Calculation Agent of the indexation of the Securities to the Commodity 
and its replacement by a Substitute Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Basket, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the 
affected Commodity) the the crystallisation at the fair market value of the Commodity on the relevant Event 
Effective Date. 
Valuation Time means the time on the relevant Valuation Date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date. 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Commodity comprised in the Commodity Basket, the percentage or 
fraction specified, in respect of such Commodity, in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. Market disruption events 
(i) 
Definitions  
Disrupted Day means a Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Exchange and/or Related Exchange are not 
open for trading for the regular trading session or (ii) the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor does not publish 
the Commodity Reference Price or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Exchange or, if applicable, of the 
Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or such Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if applicable, Related Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence (i) of a Trading Disruption, (ii) a Market 
Disruption, (iii) a Price Source Disruption which the Calculation Agent determines is material and occurs at any 
time during the one hour period ending at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure.

--- Page 171 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
171 
 
Market Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or Trading Disruption or Price Source 
Disruption) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants 
in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, Commodities on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant 
Commodity, on the Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Exchange or, if applicable, 
the relevant Related Exchange or otherwise, whether by reason of price fluctuations exceeding limits permitted 
by the Exchange or the relevant Related Exchange or otherwise, (i) in such Commodity on the relevant 
Exchange, or (ii) on futures or options contracts relating to such Commodity on the relevant Related Exchange.  
(ii) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event on a Valuation Date 
If a Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of the 
Commodity at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
(iii) 
Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, of the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event on any date which, in the absence of such Market Disruption Event, would have been the Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall, as soon as possible, notify the Holders of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 19. 
C. Adjustments 
(i) 
Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting a Commodity (an Event) occur, the Calculation 
Agent may, as regards Securities in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the Valuation 
Date, continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers necessary. To this end, the 
Calculation Agent may alternatively: 
(a) 
apply the same method as that applied by the Related Exchange (if applicable) or any other relevant 
authority (the Related Exchange Method); or  
(b) 
apply the methods described in paragraph (ii) et seq. to adapt the Securities to the modifications to the 
Commodity or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); if the relevant Commodity is not 
governed by French law, the methods described in paragraph (ii) below may be modified to ensure 
compliance with local commercial practices and/or regulations; or  
(c) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities. In that case, and subject 
to Condition 5.24 and 5.25, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in 
accordance with Condition 19, of the fair market value of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair market value (the 
Settlement Method). Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified as being applicable

--- Page 172 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
172 
 
in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value shall be made on the 
Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
"Capitalised Fair Market Value" means the fair market value of the Security capitalised between the 
Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the capitalised Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index 
published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index , or any other rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 61 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a), (b) and 
(c) above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Adjustment methods applicable to Commodities 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
(a) 
No price quotations for the Commodity  
If trading in the relevant Commodity on the Exchange or relevant Related Market does not commence or ceases 
definitively, the Calculation Agent may proceed with Substitution of the relevant Commodity. 
(b) Disappearence of the Commodity Reference Price 
If the relevant Commodity Reference Price (i) is not determined, calculated or published by the Exchange or the 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor, but is calculated by a successor exchange or successor Commodity 
Reference Price Sponsor, deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) is replaced by a successor 
commodity which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, uses the same or substantially similar terms, formula 
and calculation method as those used to determine or calculate the Commodity Reference Price, the Calculation 
Agent may proceed with Substitution of the relevant Commodity. 
(c) Change of Commodity Reference Price 
If the Exchange or relevant Commodity Reference Price Sponsor announces that it is to make a Material 
Formula Change, the Calculation Agent may either: 
• 
calculate the Commodity Reference Price using the formula and calculation method for the Reference 
Price for such Commodity, in force immediately prior to the adjustment event; or  
• 
implement Substitution of the relevant Commodity. 
(d) Change of Commodity 
If the Exchange or relevant Commodity Reference Price Sponsor announces that it is to make a Material 
Composition Change, the Calculation Agent may either: 
• 
calculate the Commodity Reference Price using the formula and calculation method for the Reference 
Price for such Commodity, in force immediately prior to the adjustment event; or 
• 
implement Substitution of the relevant Commodity.

--- Page 173 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
173 
 
(e) Tax Disruption 
If, after the Issue Date, in respect of a Commodity, any government or taxation authority imposes, changes or 
abolishes any tax or duty charged on the relevant Commodity, the effect of which is to increase or reduce the 
Commodity Reference Price, the Calculation Agent may either: 
• 
calculate the Commodity Reference Price using the formula and calculation method for the Reference 
Price for such Commodity, in force immediately prior to the adjustment event; or 
• 
implement Substitution of the relevant Commodity. 
(f) Price Correction  
If the Price announced by the Exchange or by the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor, used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of any determination, is subsequently corrected and if the correction is published by the 
Exchange or by the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor within two Scheduled Trading Days of the original 
publication, and, in any event, no later than the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the 
payment date of the amount due and payable under the Securities, to which the original determination relates, the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the corrected value to the Issuer, as soon as reasonably practicable and shall 
determine the relevant value. 
If the result of the determination of the relevant value by the Calculation Agent differs from the result of the 
original determination, the Calculation Agent may, if it considers it necessary, acting reasonably but at its sole 
discretion, adjust all relevant provisions of these Conditions accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Holders may not bring any claim against the Issuer or the Calculation Agent if 
any original determination is not subsequently corrected and/or if the correction of the original determination is 
published by the Exchange or the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor after the second Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the Securities, to which the 
original determination related. 
(g) Change in law 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Commodity if, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the 
adoption of, or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or any 
order or decision of any regulatory or taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock 
exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has become illegal or contrary 
to any applicable regulation for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedged Positions in relation to 
its Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position).  
(h) Hedging disruption 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Commodity if, the Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the 
commodity risk generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 174 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
174 
 
(i) Increased Cost of Hedging 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Commodity if, the Hedging Party incurs a materially increased 
(as compared with the circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the commodity risk generated by issuing the relevant 
Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an increased cost of hedging. 
(iii) 
General provisions 
(a) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Securities for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Securities, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Securities in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Securities in accordance with 
Condition 19.  
(c) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice.

--- Page 175 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
175 
 
5.11 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENT AND ADJUSTMENTS FOR FUND OR FUNDS BASKET 
A. 
Definitions 
Assets Under Management means the market value of the assets of the relevant Fund. 
Depositary means the entity acting as depositary of the Fund, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Fund means any collective investment scheme or structure governed by French or foreign law, or any sub-fund 
of a collective investment scheme or structure governed by French or foreign law, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Fund Administrator means the administrator, manager, trustee or other similar person with principal 
administrative responsibility for the Fund, in accordance with the Fund Documents, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Fund Adviser means any person authorised to act as discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary 
investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser of a discretionary manager or another non-
discretionary investment adviser) for the Fund, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Basket means a basket comprised of Fund Units specified in the applicable Final Terms, to which 
Weightings have been attributed as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Business Day (All Funds Basis) means, in respect of each Fund Unit comprised in a Fund Basket, any 
date on which a Valid Order may be executed by a Hypothetical Investor based on the Fund Documents in force 
on the Issue Date of the Securities. 
Fund Business Day (Per Fund Basis) means, in respect of any Fund Unit comprised in a Fund Basket, any date 
on which a Valid Order may be executed by a Hypothetical Investor based on the Fund Documents in force on 
the Issue Date of the Securities. 
Fund Business Day (Single Fund Basis) means any date on which a Valid Order may be executed by a 
Hypothetical Investor based on the Fund Documents in force on the Issue Date of the Securities. 
Fund Business Day means, either (i) in the case of a Fund, a Fund Business Day (Single Fund Basis) or (ii) in 
the case of a Fund Basket, (a) a Fund Business Day (All Fund Basis) or (b) Fund Business Day (Per Share 
Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no Fund Business Day is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Basis) shall be deemed to apply. For the 
purpose of a Basket of Multi Underlyings Fund Business Day will mean “Scheduled Trading Day”. For the 
purpose of the Technical Annex and of the definitions in Condition 1.1 of “Exchange Business Day (All Multi 
Underlyings Basis)”and “Exchange Business Day (Per Multi Underlyings Basis)”, Fund Business Day will mean 
Exchange Business Day. 
Fund Documents mean, with respect to any Fund, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription 
agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund and, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the Fund in force on the Issue Date of 
the relevant Securities. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect to any Fund, any person or entity who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including 
(without limitation) any Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator, manager, trustee, auditor or similar person with the

--- Page 176 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
176 
 
primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, Management Company, Depositary, custodian, 
subcustodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent. 
Fund Unit means, in respect of a Fund, means, in respect of a Fund incorporated as a company, an ordinary 
share in the capital of the Fund or, as the case may be, in respect of a Fund incorporated as a mutual fund, a 
collective investment securities, a French fonds commun de placement or a trust, a unit of account of ownership 
in the Fund, or any other legal form of security or ownership with the ISIN (International Securities 
Identification Number) code or any other identification code as of the Issue Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms,. 
Hedged Position means the purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives, Fund Units or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other 
instruments or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of 
the Issuer's obligations under the Securities, whether individually or on a portfolio basis.  
Hypothetical Investor means any hypothetical or real investor (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the 
context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Unit, who is deemed to have the rights and obligations, as specified in 
the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding a Fund Unit on the relevant date. The Calculation Agent 
may assume that the Hypothetical Investor is resident in a jurisdiction or incorporated in a jurisdiction, and that it 
is, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as 
the Calculation Agent may determine in the context of the relevant situation). 
Management Company. means any entity appointed in the Fund Documents in the role of managing the assets 
of the Fund and, in each case, any entity to whom each such entity may delegate any of its duties, rights, 
obligations or liabilities in respect of such Fund and any successor entity thereto, and, in each case, such other 
management company as the Calculation Agent may determine is for the time being the manager of such Fund, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Net Asset Value or NAV means, in respect of a Fund, the net asset value of the Fund Unit, as calculated and 
published by the Management Company or the Fund Administrator or any of its Fund Service Provider or other 
person that generally reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors on the relevant date, it being 
specified that the Calculation Agent may adjust the net asset value of the Fund Unit to reflect, without 
duplication, the portion borne by the Fund Unit of all costs, commissions, expenses, charges, duties, taxes or 
deductions that may be payable and/or incurred in connection with the subscription or settlement of this Fund 
Unit. 
New Fund Unit means the unit or securities of the new fund in the case of a Merger or the unit or security 
resulting from a Spin-off (as the case may be), received upon such Event by a holder of Fund Units prior to such 
Event. Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, by reference to the 
applicable exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event that the original unit or security must be 
substituted for several different categories of units or shares, the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for 
the relevant units or securities one (or more) of such units or securities (the Selected Fund Unit(s)). In this case, 
the value of the unit(s) or security(ies) not selected (the Excluded Fund Unit(s)) shall be expressed as a number 
or a fraction of a number of one (or more) of the Selected Fund Unit(s), at the Calculation Agent’s choice, which 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the executed level for an Hypothetical Investor of 
both the Selected Fund Unit(s) and the Excluded Fund Unit(s), recorded simultaneously on the Event Effective 
Date. If the substituted unit(s) or share(s) include one or more unit(s) or share(s) with no executed level for an 
Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market value of such unit(s) or share(s) on 
the Event Effective Date. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date.

--- Page 177 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
177 
 
Substitute Fund Unit means a unit or share in any Fund (i) which is not a Fund Unit of the relevant Securities, 
(ii) which has, in the opinion of the Calculating Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Fund Unit 
(classification, management objective, investment guidelines or any other relevant parameter in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent) and (iii) whose method of determination and frequency of Net Asset Value calculation is 
deemed satisfactory by the Calculation Agent. 
Substitution means the cessation by the Calculation Agent of the indexation of the Securities to the Fund Unit 
and its replacement by a Substitute Fund Unit or in the case of a Fund Basket, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Fund) the 
crystallisation of the fair market value of the Fund Unit on the relevant Event Effective Date.  
Valid Order means a valid subscription or repayment order sent by the required deadline to the Fund or to the 
Fund Service Provider which generally accepts such orders, which complies with the subscription and settlement 
notice periods and the date and time limits specified in the Fund Documents. 
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Fund 
Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day, subject to the consequences of a Fund Disruption Event 
set forth in paragraph B(ii) below. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such time is specified, 
the time at which the Net Asset Value is published by the Fund (or by the Fund Service Provider which generally 
determines such value). 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Fund comprised in the Fund Basket, the relevant percentage or 
fraction specified, in respect of such Funds, in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. Fund Disruption Event 
(i) 
Definitions 
Disrupted Day means, in the case of Securities issued on a single Fund or a Fund Basket, any Fund Business 
Day on which a Fund Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing.  
Fund Disruption Event means, in the case of Securities issued on a single Fund or a Fund Basket, the 
occurrence or existence of (i) Valuation Disruption, (ii) a Settlement Disruption or (iii) a Liquidity Disruption, 
that the Calculation Agent determines is material. Exceptionally, if an event occurs which constitutes both a 
Fund Disruption Event and an Event (as defined below) for such Fund Unit, such event shall constitute an Event 
for such Fund Unit and not a Fund Disruption Event. For the purpose of a Basket of Multi Underlyings only 
Fund Disruption Event will mean a “Market Disruption Event”.  
Liquidity Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any suspension, limitation or delay affecting the 
settlement of such Fund Units, whether in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Documents or for any 
other reason.  
Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date means, with respect to any Fund Unit, the date on which the Fund (or its 
Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) is scheduled, in accordance with its Fund 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision permitting the Fund 
to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Units) to determine the Net Asset Value of such Fund Unit for purposes of 
calculating the settlement proceeds to be paid to an investor who has submitted a valid notice by the required 
Fund Unit settlement deadline for settlement of Fund Unit, based on the value determined on such date. The 
Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date, relating to any Valuation Date, shall be the Scheduled Settlement 
Valuation Date occurring on such Valuation Date, or, if no Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date occurs on such 
Valuation Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date.

--- Page 178 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
178 
 
Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Unit on any date, failure by the Fund to pay the full amount 
(whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the Settlement Proceeds due in respect of such Fund Unit, as 
such amount should have been paid at the latest by such date in accordance with the Fund Documents (without 
giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision permitting the Fund to delay or refuse 
settlement of Fund Units). 
Settlement Notification Date means, in respect of any Fund Unit and Valuation Date, the latest date on which a 
Hypothetical Investor in such Fund Unit would be authorised, pursuant to the Fund Documents, to submit a 
settlement notice by the required deadline for settlement on the Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date taking 
place on such Valuation Date, or, if no Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date occurs on such Valuation Date, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date. 
Settlement Proceeds means the proceeds, as determined by the Calculation Agent, that would be paid by the 
Fund to a Hypothetical Investor whose Fund Units are being redeemed on the relevant Settlement Valuation 
Date, provided that (1) all proceeds to be paid in property other than cash shall be valued by the Calculation 
Agent at its reasonable discretion, and (2) if the Hypothetical Investor has the right to opt for payment of such 
settlement proceeds to be made either in cash or in property, the Hypothetical Investor shall be deemed to have 
opted for payment of such proceeds in cash. 
Settlement Valuation Date means, in respect of any Fund Unit and any Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date, 
the date on which the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) determines the 
Net Asset Value of such Fund Unit for purposes of calculating the settlement proceeds to be paid to a 
Hypothetical Investor who has submitted a valid settlement notice at the latest by the corresponding Settlement 
Notification Date. 
Valuation Disruption means that: 
(a) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Unit is not determined and/or published by the Fund (or the Fund Service 
Provider which generally determines such value) in accordance with the provisions of the Fund 
Documents; 
(b) 
the determination and/or publication of the Net Asset Value of the Fund Unit, in accordance with the 
Fund Documents, has/have been suspended; or  
(c) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Unit published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider which 
generally determines such value) is incorrect or misrepresents the Net Asset Value of the Fund Unit, in 
the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Fund Disruption Event on a Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1.1) is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) In the case of a Security on a single Fund Unit, such Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Fund 
Business Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Fund Business Days immediately following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of the Fund 
Unit at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
(B) in the case of a Security on a Fund Basket, the Valuation Date for all Fund Units of the Fund Basket included 
those not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Fund Business Day which is 
not a Disrupted Day for the Fund Unit affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight 
Fund Business Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.

--- Page 179 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
179 
 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for all Fund Units of the 
Fund Basket, including the Fund Unit affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for the relevant affected Fund Unit, and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
good faith the fair value of that affected Fund Unit at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
(iii) 
Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Fund Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, but for the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event, would have been the Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 19. 
C. Adjustments 
(i) 
Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting a Fund Unit (an Event) occur, the Calculation 
Agent may, as regards Securities in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the Valuation 
Date (as defined in Condition 1.1), continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it 
considers necessary. To this end, the Calculation Agent may, alternatively: 
(a) 
apply the methods described in paragraph (ii) to adapt the Securities to the modifications to the Fund 
Unit or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); or  
(b) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities. In that case, and 
subject to Condition 5.24 and 5.25, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in 
accordance with Condition 19, of the fair market value of the Securities in the case of Cash Settlement 
or, if applicable, the quantity of Fund Units to be delivered in the case of Physical Delivery (the 
Deliverable Fund Units), as determined by the Calculation Agent. Settlement terms shall be 
implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair market value, in the case of Cash Settlement or, if 
applicable, by delivery of the relevant quantity of Deliverable Fund Units, in the case of Physical 
Settlement (the Settlement Method).Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value, in the 
case of Cash Settlement or, if applicable, delivery of the relevant quantity of Deliverable Fund Units, in 
the case of Physical Settlement shall be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market 
Value Option). For the purposes of this paragraph, the "Capitalised Fair Market Value" means the 
fair market value of the Security capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date 
at the capitalised Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker 
EXDMEURC Index, or any other rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 61 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Adjustment methods applicable to Funds 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method , it may make the following adjustments. 
To this end, the Events applicable to a Fund Unit, its relevant Fund and/or any of its Fund Service Providers are 
defined as follows and include the Potential Adjustment Event, Merger, Spin-off, Nationalization, Insolvency,

--- Page 180 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
180 
 
Fund Insolvency Event, Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension, Subscription and/or Settlement 
Modification, Fees Modification, Fund Documents Modification, Fund Service Provider Event, Net Asset Value 
Disruption, Fund Modification, Holding Event, Strategy Breach, Decrease of Assets Under Management, 
Holding Ratio, Regulatory Action, Breach of Related Contract(s), Know Your Fund Procedures, Change in Law, 
Hedging Disruption, Increase Cost of Hedging, Reporting Disruption or Other events. 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Event 
In the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any 
other terms of the Securities. 
Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(1). 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Unit to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or 
similar issue; 
(2). 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Unit of (A) an additional 
amount of such Fund Unit, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Fund Unit, or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other 
type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(3). 
a dividend or other form of distribution which the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole discretion 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, should (in whole or part) be 
characterised as extraordinary;; 
(4). 
a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Units whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Units initiated by an investor in 
such Fund Documents that is consistent with the Fund Documents; or 
(5). 
any other similar event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Fund Units. 
(b) Merger  
(1). 
Definitions 
Merger means, in respect of any relevant Fund Units, any: 
(i) reclassification or change of such Fund Units that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Fund Units outstanding to another entity or person; 
(ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding fund units exchange of the Fund (or any applicable Fund 
Service Provider, as the context may require) with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding fund units exchange of all of such Fund Units outstanding); 
(iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 % of the outstanding Fund Units of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service 
Provider, as the context may require) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all 
such Fund Units (other than such Fund Units owned or controlled by such other entity or person);

--- Page 181 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
181 
 
(iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding fund units exchange of the Fund (or any applicable Fund 
Service Provider, as the context may require) or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Fund 
(or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require) is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Fund Units outstanding but results in the outstanding Fund 
Units (other than Fund Units owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding Fund Units immediately following such event (a 
"Reverse Merger"), 
in each case if the Event Effective Date is on or before, (A) in the case of a Security with Physical Settlement, 
the Settlement Date, or (B) in the case of a Security with Cash Settlement, the last occurring Valuation Date. 
(2). 
Consequences  
In the event that a Merger occurs in respect of a Fund Unit, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, 
payment or any other terms of the Securities, including electing to (a) replace the Fund Units with New Fund 
Units or (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit. 
(c) Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Fund (a Spin-Off), the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or 
any other terms of the Securities, including electing to (a) replace the Fund Units with New Fund Units or (b) 
implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit. 
(d) Nationalization 
Nationalization means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalized, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
In the event of a Nationalization, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of 
the Securities, including electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit. 
(e) Insolvency 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution 
or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (i) all the Fund Units of that Fund are required 
to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund 
become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them. 
In the event of the Insolvency, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of 
the Securities, including electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit. 
(f)  Fund Insolvency Event 
A Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund (or any applicable Fund 
Service Provider, as the context may require): 
(i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant 
to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; 
(iii) (A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization 
or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or

--- Page 182 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
182 
 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (B) 
has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not 
described in clause (A) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen (15) days of the institution or representation thereof; 
(iv) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(v) has secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and 
such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within fifteen (15) days thereafter; or 
(vi) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has 
an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (v) through (vi) above. 
In the event of a Fund Insolvency Event, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Securities, including electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit. 
(g) Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension  
Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension means that settlements and/or subscriptions in the Fund are 
suspended, postponed, reduced, subject to any threshold or other constraint or partially executed or the Fund is 
closed to subscriptions and settlements, for any reason, without having obtained the prior written consent of the 
Calculation Agent.  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension occurs. 
(h) Subscription and/or Settlement Modification 
Subscription and/or Settlement Modification means that (a) new subscription and/or settlement costs for a 
relevant Fund Unit are introduced, (b) the notice period for Fund Unit subscriptions and/or settlements is 
modified without having obtained the prior written consent of the Calculation Agent or (c) the Fund modifies the 
terms and conditions at which subscription and/or settlement orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund 
as provided in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the Securities or implements a modification of the 
conditions at which subscription and/or settlement orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless 
as to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Issue 
Date of the Securities. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Subscription and/or Settlement Modification occurs. 
(i) Fees Modification 
Fees Modification means that (i) the Fund applies subscription or settlement fees that are higher than the 
maximum subscription fees (the Maximum Subscription Fees) and the maximum redemption fees (the 
Maximum Settlement Fees) respectively, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) the Fund applies any 
other fees (including any transaction fees or administrative costs) which are not specified in the Fund Documents 
at the Issue Date of the Securities.

--- Page 183 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
183 
 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Fees Modification occurs. 
(j) Fund Documents Modification 
Fund Documents Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents from those 
prevailing on the Issue Date of the Securities that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund 
Unit or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-end fund that becomes 
a closed-end fund) as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Fund Documents Modification occurs. 
(k) Fund Service Provider Event 
Fund Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation or termination of any Fund Service Provider and 
no successor deemed satisfactory in the opinon of the Calculation Agent has been appointed within five (5) Fund 
Business Days following such event, (b) a change of control or indirect control of the Fund Service Provider, (c) 
any Fund Service Provider is no longer able in the opinion of the Calculation Agent to execute its duties with the 
same level of care and diligence as of the Issue Date of the Securities, in particular as a result of a legal, 
regulatory or supervisory decision, (d) any Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider 
Insolvency Event, where “Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event” has the same meaning as a Fund Insolvency 
Event described in Condition 5.11 C.ii.f above, (e) any Fund Service Provider fails to meet its financial 
commitments at any time, (f) any Fund Service Provider is subject to temporary or definitive withdrawal of its 
license or to disciplinary or administrative proceedings from its supervisory authorities or acts fraudulently in 
relation to the Fund, (g) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, any Fund Service Provider is no 
longer deemed able to carry out its business with the standard care which was prevailing on the Issue Date of the 
Securities, (h) the resignation, termination, death or replacement of any key person in the management of the 
Fund has occured or (i) any other event which may, in the view of the Calculation Agent, have a material 
adverse effect on the Fund. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Fund Service Provider Event occurs. 
(l) Net Asset Value Disruption 
Net Asset Value Disruption means that (a) the Fund does not determine its Net Asset Value in accordance with 
its Fund Documents, (b) fails to publish its Net Asset Value in accordance with its Fund Documents or (c) fails 
to carry out any action necessary for such determination or publication.  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Net Asset Value Disruption occurs. 
(m) Fund Modification 
Fund Modification means (i) any failure by the Fund Adviser to act in accordance with the investment 
objectives, risk profile or investment guidelines of the Fund, (ii) the imposition by any regulatory body of any 
restriction limiting the ability of any Fund Service Provider to buy or sell shares or other assets, (iii) any 
limitation on the ability of any Fund Service Provider to buy or sell shares or other assets, for reasons relating to 
liquidity, unfavourable market conditions or decrease in the value of the Fund's assets, or (iv) the Fund has 
violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any 
law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the 
Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets, where, in

--- Page 184 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
184 
 
each case, the Calculation Agent considers that such situation is unlikely to be remedied within a reasonable 
time. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Fund Modification occurs. 
(n) Holding Event 
Holding Event means that the Assets Under Management of the Fund falls to the extent that the Issuer or any 
third party with which the Issuer enters into hedging arrangements, in respect of its obligations under the 
Securities, holds, on any Fund Business Day, Fund Units in an amount or percentage as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Fund Holding Event Percentage”) or, if no such amount is specified, such 
Holding Event shall be deemed to be greater than 20% of the Assets Under Management of the Fund on such 
Fund Business Day. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if an Holding Event occurs. 
(o) Strategy Breach 
Strategy Breach means (1) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines specified in the 
relevant Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Unit or risk profile of the Fund 
or the rights and remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent) (2) or, 
even where the Fund Documents are not modified, any material modification or effect, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the 
Securities or of the performance of the Fund by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, 
or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average 
liquidity of the assets of the Fund, which in each case does not necessarily involve an amendment of the Fund 
Documents. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Strategy Breach occurs. 
(p) Decrease of Assets Under Management 
Decrease of Assets Under Management means that the Calculation Agent determines that during the last 
twelve (12) month period, the total value of the assets managed by the Management Company or the Fund 
Adviser (including the Fund) has decreased by fifty per cent (50%) (due to either a settlement or decrease in the 
value of such assets). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Decrease of Assets Under Management occurs. 
(q) Holding Ratio  
Holding Ratio means the Assets Under Management fall below a threshold which, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent (i) has, or may have, a material adverse effect on the management and/or operating costs of 
the Fund, or (ii) increases the proportion of Units held or likely to be held by the Hedging Party to the extent that 
settlement in full of the Fund Units held by the Hedging Party is or may no longer be possible. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if an Holding Ratio occurs. 
(r) Regulatory Action

--- Page 185 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
185 
 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Unit: 
(i) 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund or its interests by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund or its interests;  
(ii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the Fund or its Fund Service 
Provider or manager which is likely, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, is suitable to 
have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Units or on any investor in the relevant Fund; or  
(iii) 
the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider or manager becoming subject to any investigation, 
proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the 
potential violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such 
Fund or Fund Service Provider. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Regulatory Action occurs. 
(s) Breach of Related Contract(s) 
Breach of Related Contract(s) means that the Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the 
Fund Service Provider (i) fails to perform or breaches its obligations under any contract relating to the 
management of the Fund or any other contract relating to such Fund (the Related Contracts), (ii) terminate the 
Related Contract(s) for reasons beyond the control of the Issuer or any Hedging Party, (iii) disaffirms, disclaims, 
repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity of such Related Contract(s). The Related 
Contracts may include, among other thing, any agreement entered into by the Fund, Management Company, the 
Depositary and/or the Fund Service Provider with the Issuer or any Hedging Party. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Breach of Related Contract(s) occurs. 
(t) Know Your Fund Procedures 
Know Your Fund Procedures means that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the Fund does not comply, 
in full or in part, with the "know your fund" procedures (including in particular its obligations in respect of 
money-laundering and terrorism financing).  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Know Your Fund Procedures occurs. 
(u) Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of, or 
any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith that (X) it has become illegal for the Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of 
Hedged Positions (including the relevant Fund Units) in relation to its Securities or that it has become illegal to 
maintain the Related Contract(s) (as referred to in section (s) (Breach of Related Contracts) above) entered into 
by the Hedging Party with the Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service 
Provider, or (Y) the Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the 
Securities or the Related Contract(s) (as referred to in section (s) (Breach of Related Contracts) above) entered 
into by the Hedging Party with the Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service 
Provider (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on its tax position).

--- Page 186 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
186 
 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Change in Law occurs. 
(v) Hedging Disruption 
Hedging Disruption means that the Hedging Party is unable, or it is impractical for the Hedging Party, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any Hedged Positions or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of such Hedged Positions, without 
limitation, where the reason for such inability or practical impossibility has arisen by reason of (i) all of the 
illiquid assets of the Fund constituting the whole or part of the Hedged Positions bieng transferred to a dedicated 
fund or account or to a dedicated structure pending liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing Fund 
Unit holders (side pocket), (ii) a limitation on the amount or number of settlements or subscriptions that the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider generally responsible for accepting settlement or subscription orders) will accept 
for a particular date on which the Fund normally accepts settlement orders (a gate), (iii) the suspension, for any 
reason, of subscription or settlement orders by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally responsible for 
accepting settlement or subscription orders), (iv) payment of the balance of settlement proceeds being postponed 
to a date falling after the date on which the financial statements of the Fund have been audited by the Fund’s 
statutory auditors (holdback), or an increase in the costs or fees charged by the relevant Fund (in particular, the 
charging of subscription/settlement fees (retainable by the Fund)), or (v) any mandatory settlement, in whole or 
in part, of such Fund Units imposed by the relevant Fund, whether such events were, in each case, imposed by 
the Fund without being contemplated in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the Securities, or were 
already contemplated in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date, but were only implemented by the Fund after 
such date.  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if an Hedging Disruption occurs. 
(w) Increased Cost of Hedging 
Increase Cost of Hedging means that the Hedging Party incurs a materially increased (as compared with the 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hedged Positions, 
or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hedged Position(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party 
shall not be deemed an Increased Costs of Hedging.  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs. 
(x) Reporting Disruption 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Unit, (i) the occurrence of any event that, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Issuer affecting such Fund Unit that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, would make it 
impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the value of such Fund Unit, and such event 
continues for at least the time period specified in the related Final Terms or, if no such time period is specified, 
the foreseeable future; (ii) any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) information 
that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Calculation Agent, or (B) information that 
has been previously delivered to the Calculation Agent in accordance with such Fund’s, or its authorised 
representative’s, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary for it to monitor such Fund’s 
compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating 
to such Fund Units. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Reporting Disruption occurs.

--- Page 187 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
187 
 
(y) Other events 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit, if any other events occur which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, affect the value or risk profile of the relevant Units. 
(iii) 
Delayed Settlement upon Occurrence of an Event 
If on the date falling two Business Days prior to the originally designated Maturity Date, Automatic Early 
Settlement Date or Optional Settlement Date as applicable, the Hedging Party has not, after having submitted a 
valid notice by the required Fund Unit settlement deadline for settlement of the relevant Fund Unit, received in 
full the Settlement Proceeds due in respect of such Fund Unit, the Calculation Agent may postpone the Maturity 
Date, Automatic Early Settlement Date or Optional Settlement Date as applicable, and notify the Holders thereof 
in accordance with Condition 19. As soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedging Party of the 
Settlement Proceeds, the Calculation Agent shall give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (the 
"Delayed Settlement Notice") and settle the Securities on the date falling not more than five (5) Business Days 
following the receipt of the Delayed Settlement Notice (the "Delayed Settlement Date") by payment to each 
Holder of the Final Settlement Amount, Automatic Early Settlement Amount or Optional Settlement Amount 
provided that, if the Hedging Party does not receive in full the Settlement Proceeds within one calendar year 
after the originally designated Maturity Date, Automatic Early Settlement Date or Optional Settlement Date (or 
such other period specified in the applicable Final Terms) (the "Delayed Settlement Cut-Off Date"), the 
Calculation Agent shall notify Holders in accordance with Condition 19 of the settlement the Securities within 
ten (10) Business Days after the Delayed Settlement Cut-off Date, at the fair market value determined by the 
Calculation Agent, which may be equal to but not lower than zero, taking into account the proceeds effectively 
received by the Hedging Party in respect of the relevant Fund Unit; for the avoidance of doubt, no further 
payment in respect of the Securities will occur after such date. 
In the case of a Fund Basket comprised of Fund Units assigned the relevant Weighting, the Calculation Agent 
may also request the Issuer to settle in part the Securities on the originally designated Maturity Date, Automatic 
Early Settlement Date or Optional Settlement Date, as applicable, by giving notice to Holders in accordance with 
Condition 19; such a settlement shall be effected by reduction of the Nominal Value of the Securities in 
proportion to the Weighting of the Fund Unit(s) for which the Hedging Party has received in full the Settlement 
Proceeds. Consequently, the Issuer will pay to each Holder in respect of each Security held by him, an amount 
determined by the Calculation agent in accordance with the Final Settlement Amount, Automatic Early 
Settlement Amount or Optional Settlement Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, except that for the 
purpose of calculating such amount, the Net Asset Value of the Fund Unit(s) for which the Hedging Party has 
not received in full the Settlement Proceeds shall be deemed equal to zero (0). 
(iv) 
General provisions 
(i) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Securities for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Securities, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Securities in accordance with these Conditions, notify 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent 
shall give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Securities in accordance 
with Condition 19.  
(iii) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice and any Physical Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.5 shall be 
made as soon as possible.

--- Page 188 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
188 
 
5.12 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENT AND ADJUSTMENTS FOR FUTURES CONTRACT OR 
BASKET OF FUTURES CONTRACTS  
A. 
Definitions 
Basket means a basket comprising Futures Contracts, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, assigned the 
relevant Weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Business Day (All Futures Contracts Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Futures Contracts, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Futures Contract Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Futures Contract, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange associated with such Futures Contract is open for 
trading during its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding that such Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Futures Contract Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange is open for trading during its respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding that such 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a Futures Contract, an Exchange Business Day (Single 
Futures Contract Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Futures Contrats (a) an Exchange Business Day (All 
Futures Contracts Basis) or (b) an Exchange Business Day (Per Futures Contract Basis), in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no Exchange Business Day is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Futures Contracts Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Exchange means, for a Futures Contract, each exchange of quotation system specified as such in the Final 
Terms for a relevant Futures Contract, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Futures Contract has temporary relocated (provided that 
the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Futures Contract on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Execution Price means, for a Futures Contract, a fair value corresponding to the unwinding of the Futures 
Contract position by the Hedging Party, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner within one hour (or such other period specified in the applicable Final Terms) after the relevant Barrier 
Condition (as defined in the Technical Annex and as specified in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
event specified in the applicable Final Terms has occurred. 
Futures Contract means, in the case of an Issue of Securities relating to a single Futures Contract, the futures 
contract to which the Securities are linked such as the futures contract relating to a Futures Contract Underlying 
and in the case of an Issue of Securities relating to a Basket of Futures Contrats, each Futures Contract, in both 
case as calculated and published by the Futures Contract Sponsor, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with the provisions of paragraph C below. 
Futures Contract Sponsor means the company or entity whose role is to (a) set and review the rules and 
procedures, calculation methods and adjustments relating to the Futures Contract, and (b) publish (directly or 
through an agent) the Futures Contract Price on a regular basis throughout each Scheduled Trading Day, 
specified as of the Issue Date in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Specific Provisions set forth in 
paragraph B below.

--- Page 189 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
189 
 
Futures Contract Underlying means, in respect of the relevant Futures Contract, the index(ices), share(s), debt 
instrument(s) or commodity(ies), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Hedged Positions means any purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
Price means the price, level or rate of the Futures Contract, as the case may be. 
Rolling Futures Contract means, when specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the Securities 
are relating to Futures Contracts that have delivery or expiry months that do not correspond with the term of the 
Securities, and that in such case, on or prior to the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will select a Futures 
Contract and for each following day such futures contract will be the current Futures Contract (the “Current 
Futures Contract”) until a certain date shortly before the expiration date of the Current Futures Contract (the 
“Futures Rollover Date”); on each Futures Rollover Date, the Calculation Agent will select another Futures 
Contract, having identical terms but with a different maturity, and such contract shall be the Current Futures 
Contract until the next occurring Futures Rollover Date. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after-hours or 
any other trading outside of the regular trading times or sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures Contracts Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Futures Contracts, any 
day on which each Exchange associated with all of the Futures Contracts comprised in the Basket of Futures 
Contracts are scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Futures Contract Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Futures Contracts, any 
day on which the relevant Exchange associated with such Futures Contract is scheduled to be open for trading 
during its regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Futures Contract Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a Futures Contract, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Futures Contract Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Futures Contracts, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Futures Contracts Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Futures Contract Basis), in each case as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures Contracts Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Substitute Futures Contract means a futures contract (i) which is not the original Futures Contract of the 
Security as indicated in the Final Terms and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, similar 
features to those of the excluded Futures Contract (underlying, currency, maturity, liquidity of hedging 
instruments or any other pertinent feature, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent). 
Substitution means cessation by the Calculation Agent of indexation of the Securities to the Futures Contract 
and its replacement with a Substitute Futures Contract or in the case of a Basket, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the 
affected Futures Contract) the crystallisation of the fair market value of the Futures Contract on the relevant 
Event Effective Date. 
Valuation Time means the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the relevant Exchanges closes prior to its Scheduled

--- Page 190 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
190 
 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, 
then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Futures Contract comprised in the Basket, the relevant percentage or 
fraction specified, in respect of such Futures Contract, in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. Market Disruption Event 
(i) 
Definitions  
Disrupted Day means, in the case of Securities issue on a single Futures Contract or a Basket of Futures 
Contracts, in respect of a Futures Contrat, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session, or any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the relevant Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been announced by such Exchange at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures Contract on the Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means, in the case of Securities issue on a single Futures Contract or a Basket of 
Futures Contracts, in respect of a Futures Contrat, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines, in each case, is material and which occurs at any 
time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or otherwise, in the relevant Futures Contract on the 
relevant Exchange. 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event on the Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1.1) is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) in the case of a Security on a single Futures Contract, such Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of the Futures 
Contract at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
(B) in the case of a Security on a Basket of Futures Contracts, the Valuation Date for all Futures Contract of the 
Basket, including those not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Futures Contract affected by the occurence of a

--- Page 191 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
191 
 
Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for all Futures Contracts of 
the Basket of Futures Contracts, included the Futures Contract affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
notwithstanding that such day is a Disrupted Day for the relevant affected Futures Contract and (2) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of that affected Futures Contacts at the Valuation 
Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
In order to determine the fair market value of the Futures Contract, the Calculation Agent may take into account 
the market value of any hedging instruments put in place by the Hedging Party in relation to the Securities, 
adjusted for gains or losses, if any, realised or incurred, as the case may be, by the Issuer due to such Market 
Disruption Event. 
(iii) 
Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Market Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been a Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 19. 
C. Adjustments 
(i) 
Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting a Futures Contract (an Event) occur, the 
Calculation Agent may, as regards Securities in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the 
Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1.1), continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as 
it considers necessary. To this end, the Calculation Agent may apply alternatively: 
(a) 
apply the hereafter methods, including the methods described in paragraph (ii) below to adapt 
the Securities to the modifications to the Futures Contract or its Substitution (the Calculation 
Agent Method); or  
(b) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities. In that case, 
and subject to Condition 5.24 and 5.25, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying 
the Holders, in accordance with Condition 19, of the fair market value of the Securities as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as 
possible at the specified fair market value (the Settlement Method). Notwithstanding the 
aforementioned, if such option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value shall be made on the Settlement Date (the 
Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For the purposes of this paragraph, the Capitalised 
Fair Market Value means the fair market value of the Security capitalised between the Event 
Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the capitalised Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary 
Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index, or any other rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 61 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event.

--- Page 192 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
192 
 
(ii) 
Adjustment methods applicable to Futures Contracts  
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
To this end, the Events applicable to a Futures Contract are definied as follows and include Futures Contract 
listed by a third party, Modification of the specifiec terms, or replacement of the Futures ContractCessation of 
price quotations for the Futures Contract, Calculation and publication of the Futures Contract by a Futures 
Contract Sponsor, Publication of the Futures Contract Price, Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
(a) 
Futures Contract listed by a third party 
If the Futures Contract is not listed by the Exchange, but is listed by another person or party (the Third Party) 
which has been nominated by the Exchange or any other competent market authority, the Exchange shall be 
replaced by the Third Party.  
The same shall apply if the Third Party ceases to quote the price of the Futures Contract, but is replaced by 
another Third Party nominated as provided above.  
(b) Modification of the specific terms, or replacement, of the Futures Contract  
If the Exchange, the Third Party or the Futures Contract Sponsor modifies, in any material respect, the formula 
or calculation method for the Futures Contract or makes any other material modification to the Futures Contract 
(other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain the Futures Contract in 
the event of a change to the Futures Contract Underlying) or if the Exchange, any other competent market 
authority or the Futures Contract Sponsor replaces the Futures Contract with a new futures contract, such new 
Futures Contract to be used as the new underlying of the Securities, the Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
replace the Futures Contract with the modified Futures Contract or with the new substitute futures 
contract (as the case may be) multiplying it, if necessary, by a factor that ensures continuity in the 
evolution of the underlying instrument of the Securities. The new or amended Futures Contract (as the 
case may be) and, if necessary, the factor, shall be notified as soon as possible to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 19; or 
(b) 
proceed with Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract. 
(c) Cessation of price quotations for the Futures Contract  
If the Exchange or Third Party permanently ceases to quote prices for the Futures Contract and does not provide 
a new futures contract, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Securities, including implementing Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract.  
(d) Calculation and publication of the Futures Contract by a Futures Contract Sponsor 
If the Futures Contract (i) is not calculated and published by the Futures Contract Sponsor, but is calculated and 
published by a successor sponsor deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) is replaced by a successor 
contract which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, utilises the same, or a substantially similar, formula and 
calculation method as those used to calculate the Futures Contract, such contract (the Successor Futures 
Contract) shall be deemed to be the Futures Contract, and the Conditions shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(e) Publication of the Futures Contract Price  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract if the Exchange, or as the case may be, the Futures 
Contract Sponsor fails to publish the Futures Contract Price.

--- Page 193 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
193 
 
(f) Change in Law  
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation, order, regulatory decision, any order of any 
regulatory or taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith that (X) it has become illegal or contrary to any applicable regulation for the Hedging 
Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of the relevant Hedged Positions in relation to such Securities, or (Y) it will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract if a Change in Law occurs. 
(g) Hedging Disruption 
Hedging Disruption means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the futures contract risk or any other relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing 
its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s).  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract if a Hedging Disruption occurs 
(h) Increased Cost of Hedging  
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to hedge the futures contract risk generated by 
issuing the relevant Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract if an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs. 
(iii) 
General provisions 
(a) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Securities for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Securities, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Securities in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Securities in accordance with 
Condition 19.  
(c) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice.

--- Page 194 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
194 
 
5.13 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS AND ADJUSTMENTS FOR LISTED OPTION OR LISTED 
OPTIONS BASKET 
A. 
Definitions 
Basket means a basket comprising Listed Options, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, assigned the 
relevant Weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Business Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange is open for trading during 
its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding that such Exchange closes prior to the Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange means the principal exchange or regulated market on which the Listed Option is traded, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Listed Option means the listed option to which the Security relates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after-hours or 
any other trading outside of the regular trading times or sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day means any day on which the Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading during its 
regular trading sessions. 
Substitute Listed Option means a Listed Option (i) which is not the Listed Option of the Security and (ii) which 
has, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Listed Option (business 
sector, currency, market capitalisation, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other pertinent feature, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent). 
Substitution means cessation by the Calculation Agent of indexation of the Securities to the Listed Option and 
its replacement with a Substitute Listed Option or in the case of a Basket, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Listed 
Option) the crystallisation of the fair market value of the Listed Option on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date. 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Listed Option comprised in the Basket, the relevant percentage or 
fraction specified, in respect of such Listed Option, in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. Market Disruption Event 
(i) 
Definitions  
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange does not open for trading during its 
regular trading session, or any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the relevant Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been announced by such Exchange at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day.

--- Page 195 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
195 
 
Hedged Positions means any purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) a Market 
Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any time during the one-
hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
Market Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Listed Option on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) to effect 
transactions in futures contracts or options contracts relating to Listed Options. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or otherwise 
(other than an Early Closure or Market Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Exchange or otherwise, in such Listed Option on the relevant Exchange. 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event on a Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of the Listed 
Option at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
In order to determine the fair market value of the Listed Option, the Calculation Agent may take into account the 
market value of any hedging instruments put in place by the Issuer and/or any of the affiliates of the Hedging 
Party in relation to the Securities, adjusted for gains or losses, if any, realised or incurred, as the case may be, by 
the Issuer due to such Market Disruption Event. 
(iii) 
Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Market Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been a Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 19. 
C. Adjustments 
(i) 
Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting a Listed Option (an Event) occur, the Calculation 
Agent may, as regards Securities in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the Valuation 
Date, continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers necessary. To this end, the 
Calculation Agent may alternatively: 
(a) 
apply the methods described in paragraph (ii) below to adapt the Securities to the modifications to the 
Listed Option or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method). If the Listed Option is not governed

--- Page 196 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
196 
 
by French law, the methods described in paragraph (ii) below may be modified to ensure compliance 
with local commercial practices and/or regulations. 
 
(b) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities. In that case, and 
subject to Condition 5.24 and 5.25, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in 
accordance with Condition 19, of the fair market value of the Securities in the case of Cash Settlement, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at 
the specified fair market value (the Settlement Method). Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such 
option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair 
Market Value shall be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the Capitalised Fair Market Value means the fair market value of the 
Security capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the Exane EUR 
Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index, or any other 
rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 61 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Adjustment methods applicable to Listed Options 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
(a) 
Listed Option listed by a third party 
If the Listed Option is not listed by the Exchange, but is listed by another person or party which has been 
nominated by the Exchange or any other competent market authority (the Third Party), the Exchange shall be 
replaced by the Third Party.  
The same shall apply if the Third Party ceases to quote the price of the Listed Option, but is replaced by another 
Third Party nominated as provided above. 
(b) Modification of the terms applicable to the Listed Option, or replacement, of the Listed Option 
If the Exchange or the Third Party substantially amends the terms applicable to the Listed Option or if the 
Exchange or the Third Party replaces the Listed Option with another listed option, the Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
replace the Listed Option with the amended Listed Option or by another listed option, as applicable and 
by applying, if necessary, an adjustment coefficient ensuring that the relevant Listed Option may 
continue to be used for the Securities. The amended Listed Option or the other listed option, as the case 
may be, and, if necessary, the adjustment coefficient shall be notified as soon as possible to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 19; or 
(b) 
implement Substitution of the Listed Option.

--- Page 197 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
197 
 
(c) Cessation of price quotations on the Listed Option 
If the exchange or Third Party permanently ceases to quote prices for the Listed Option, the Calculation Agent 
may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including implementing 
Substitution of the relevant Listed Option.  
(d) Change in law 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Listed Option if, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, 
or any change in any law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any 
regulatory or taxation authority, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines (X) that it has become illegal or contrary to any applicable regulation for the Hedging Party, to hold, 
acquire or dispose of the relevant Hedged Positions in relation to such Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
(e) Hedging disruption 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Listed Option (A) if the Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, (i) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the 
risk relating to the Listed Option generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing its obligations 
thereunder, or (ii) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or asset(s); (B) if 
any of the rules, customs and/or operating procedures of the clearing house (the Clearing House) are modified 
having, in the opinion of the Hedging Party, a negative impact on the hedging position; (C) or if there is a 
material increase, in the opinion of the Hedging Party, in the counterparty risk associated with any transaction 
with the Clearing House; (D) or if the Hedging Party's status as member of the Clearing House is abandoned or 
withdrawn. 
(f) Increased Cost of Hedging 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Listed Option if the Hedging Party incurs a materially 
increased (as compared with the circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk relating to the Listed Option generated by 
issuing the relevant Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an 
increased cost of hedging. 
(iii) 
General provisions 
(a) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Securities for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Securities, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(d) The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having 
made adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Securities in accordance with these 
Conditions, notify the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the

--- Page 198 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
198 
 
Principal Paying Agent shall give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders 
of the Securities in accordance with Condition 19.  
(e) Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) 
Business Days from the date of the relevant notice.

--- Page 199 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
199 
 
5.14 
 MARKET DISRUPTION EVENT AND ADJUSTMENTS FOR EXCHANGE RATE OR 
EXCHANGE RATES BASKET 
A. 
Definitions 
Basket means a basket of Exchange Rates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, assigned the Weightings 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Price Source means published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the closing price is calculated. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Rate means the rate of exchange to which the Securities are indexed, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Scheduled Trading Day means any day upon which commercial banks are open (or, would have been open but 
for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event) and operating (including in transactions denominated in foreign 
currencies in accordance with foreign exchange market practices) in the principal financial centres of the 
currencies of the Exchange Rate. 
Substitute Exchange Rate means an exchange rate (i) which is not the Exchange Rate of the Security and (ii) 
which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to those of the excluded Exchange 
Rate. 
Substitution means the cessation by the Calculation Agent of indexation of the Securities to the Exchange Rate 
and its replacement by a Substitute Exchange Rate or, in the case of a Basket, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Exchange 
Rate) the crystallisation of the fair market value of the Exchange Rate on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such time is specified, 
the time at which the Price Source publishes the Exchange Rate. 
Weighting or Wi means, for each Exchange Rate comprised in the Basket, the percentage or fraction specified 
in respect of each Exchange Rate, in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. Market Disruption Event 
(i) 
Definitions  
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Dual Exchange Rate means that a currency of the Exchange Rate is divided into a dual or multiple exchange 
rate.  
Hedged Positions means any purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
Liquidity Disruption means the occurrence of an event concerning a currency preventing the Calculation Agent 
from determining the rate for such currency.

--- Page 200 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
200 
 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of any of the following events (i) Price Source 
Unavailability, (ii) Liquidity Disruption or (iii) Dual Exchange Rate (exceptionally, if an event occurs which 
constitutes both a Market Disruption Event and an Event for such Exchange Rate (as defined below), such event 
shall constitute an Event for such Exchange Rate and not a Market Disruption Event). 
Price Source Unavailability means that it has become impossible to obtain the rate used for calculation of the 
Settlement Price. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event on a Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of the Exchange 
Rate at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
In order to determine the fair value of the Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent may take into account the 
market value of any hedging instruments put in place by the Issuer and/or any of the affiliates of the Hedging 
Party in relation to the Securities, adjusted for gains or losses, if any, realised or incurred, as the case may be, by 
the Issuer due to such Market Disruption Event. 
(iii) 
Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Market Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been a Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 19. 
C. Adjustments 
(i) 
Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting an Exchange Rate (an Event) occur, the 
Calculation Agent may, as regards Securities in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the 
Valuation Date, continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers necessary. To this 
end, the Calculation Agent may alternatively : 
(a) apply the methods described in paragraph (ii) below to adapt the Securities to the modifications to the 
Exchange Rate or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); or  
(b) consider such Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities. In that case, and 
subject to Condition 5.24 and 5.25, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, 
in accordance with Condition 19, of the fair market value of the Securities, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair 
market value (the Settlement Method).Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value shall 
be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the Capitalised Fair Market Value means the fair market value of the Security capitalised

--- Page 201 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
201 
 
between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the capitalised Exane EUR Capitalized 
Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index, or any other rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 61 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Adjustment methods applicable to Exchange Rates 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
(a) 
Substitution of a domestic currency with another domestic currency  
In the event that an Exchange Rate relates to a domestic currency that is replaced by another currency (the 
Substitute Currency), the Substitute Currency shall be used in place of the replaced domestic currency, using 
the fixed conversion rate between such domestic currency and the Substitute Currency, as established by the 
relevant authorities.  
(b) Currency of a Member State of the European Union participating in the third phase of economic 
and monetary union introduced on 1 January 1999  
In the event that an Exchange Rate relates to a domestic currency that will be replaced by the euro due to 
participation of a Member State of the European Union in the third phase of economic and monetary union 
introduced on 1 January 1999, the domestic currency shall be converted into euro using the fixed conversion rate 
between such domestic currency and the euro, as established by the Council of the European Union in 
accordance with article 123 (4) of the Treaty, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest one-hundredth of a euro 
(0.005 euro being rounded-up to the next highest one hundredth of a euro). 
(c) Cessation of publication of Exchange Rate 
If the Price Source permanently ceases to publish the Exchange Rate and no Substitute Exchange Rate is 
available, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Securities, including implementing Substitution of the relevant Exchange Rate. 
(d) Change in law 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Exchange Rate if, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption 
of, or any change in any law (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation, order, regulatory 
decision, any order of any regulatory or taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock 
exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has become illegal or contrary to any applicable regulation 
for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of the relevant Exchange Rate /Hedged Positions in relation to 
such Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position).

--- Page 202 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
202 
 
(e) Hedging disruption 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Exchange Rate if the Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the 
exchange rate risk generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) to 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
(f) Increased Cost of Hedging 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Exchange Rate if the Hedging Party incurs a materially 
increased (as compared with the circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the exchange rate risk generated by issuing the relevant 
Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an increased cost of hedging. 
(iii) 
General provisions 
(a) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Securities for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Securities, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Securities in accordance with these Conditions, notify 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent 
shall give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Securities in accordance 
with Condition 19.  
(c) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice.

--- Page 203 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
203 
 
5.15 
ADJUSTMENTS FOR REFERENCE RATE OR REFERENCE RATES BASKET 
A. Definitions 
Basket means a basket of Reference Rates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, assigned the Weightings 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Day means a "Business Day" as defined in Condition 1.1 of the Conditions of the Securities. 
Price Source means the published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the closing price is calculated. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Interest Determination Date means, in respect of a Reference Rate and an Interest Period, each date defined as 
being a number of Business Days prior to the beginning /end of an Interest Period or the date defined as such in 
the Final Terms or, if no date is specified, (i) the date that is two TARGET 2 Business Days prior to the first day 
of said Interest Period if the Settlement Currency is the euro, or (ii) the first day of said Interest Period if the 
Settlement Currency is the Pound Sterling, or (iii) if the Settlement Currency is neither the Pound Sterling nor 
the euro, the date in the city indicated in the Final Terms that is two Business Days prior to the first day of said 
Interest Period. 
Reference Rate means the reference rate to which the Securities are indexed, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Reference Rate Fixing means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the fixing of such Reference Rate published on 
the Interest Determination Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Specified Time.  
Relevant Screen Page means, for each Reference Rate, the page specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Time means, for each Relevant Screen Page, the time (and associated financial centre) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Substitute Reference Rate means an reference rate (i) which is not the reference Rate of the Security and (ii) 
which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to those of the excluded Reference 
Rate. 
Substitution means the cessation by the Calculation Agent of indexation of the Securities to the Reference Rate 
and its replacement by a Substitute Reference Rate or, in the case of a Basket, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Reference 
Rate) the crystallisation of the fair market value of the Reference Rate on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a Reference Rate, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(which can be a calendar day or a Business Day or an Interest Payment Date). 
Weighting or Wi means, for each Reference Rate comprised in the Basket, the percentage or fraction specified 
in respect of each Reference Rate, in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. Fallback provisions 
If on an Interest Determination Date or on a Valuation Date which is a Business Day, the Relevant Screen Page 
is not available at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent shall apply the procedure detailed in Condition 4.2 
of the Conditions of the Securities ("Screen Rate Determination") for Floating Rate Securities.

--- Page 204 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
204 
 
C.  Adjustments 
(i) Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting an Reference Rate (an Event) occur, the 
Calculation Agent may, as regards Securities in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the 
Valuation Date, continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers necessary. To this 
end, the Calculation Agent shall decide either to : 
(a) apply the methods described in paragraph (ii) below to adapt the Securities to the modifications to the 
Reference Rate or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); or 
 
(b) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Certificates. In that case, and 
subject to Condition 5.24 and 5.25, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in 
accordance with Condition 19, of the fair market value of the Securities, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair 
market value (the Settlement Method). Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market 
Value shall be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the Capitalised Fair Market Value means the fair market value of the 
Security capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the Exane EUR 
Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index, or any other 
rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 61 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Adjustment methods applicable to Reference Rates 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
(g) 
Cessation of publication of Reference Rate 
If the Price Source permanently ceases to publish the Reference Rate and no Substitute Reference Rate is 
available, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Securities, including implementing Substitution of the relevant Reference Rate. 
(h) 
Change in law 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Reference Rate if, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption 
of, or any change in any law (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation, order, regulatory 
decision, any order of any regulatory or taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock 
exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has become illegal or contrary to any applicable regulation 
for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of the relevant Reference Rate /Hedged Positions in relation to 
such Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position).

--- Page 205 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
205 
 
(i) 
Hedging disruption 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Reference Rate if the Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the 
reference rate risk generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) to 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
(j) 
Increase Cost of Hedging 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Reference Rate if the Hedging Party incurs a materially 
increased (as compared with the circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the reference rate risk generated by issuing the relevant 
Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an increased cost of hedging. 
(iii) 
General provisions 
(i) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Securities for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Securities, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Securities in accordance with these Conditions, notify 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent 
shall give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Securities in accordance 
with Condition 19.  
(iii) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice. 
 
D. Additional provisions  
(i) 
Underlying Reference Rate Determination 
In respect of each underlying Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
underlying Reference Rate or, if two or more underlying Reference Rates are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each underlying Reference Rate will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Each underlying Reference Rate comprising a Basket of Reference Rate will be 
calculated separately and independently as provided below and in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(ii) 
 ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
underlying Reference Rate is to be determined, the underlying Reference Rate will be the relevant 
Underlying ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of these underlying Reference Rate 
Conditions, "Underlying ISDA Rate" means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and

--- Page 206 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
206 
 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Securities (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
 
(a) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if the Floating 
Rate Option specified in the applicable Final Terms is a LIBOR or EURIBOR rate, in the event that 
EURIBOR or LIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate as the financial 
industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate for EURIBOR or LIBOR for the relevant 
currency, as applicable; 
 
(b) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(c) the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For the purposes of these underlying Reference Rate Conditions, "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
 
3. Screen Rate Determination 
 
(a) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the underlying Reference Rate is to be determined, the underlying Reference Rate will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
 
(i) the offered quotation; or 
 
(ii) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
underlying Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 
the Specified Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., London 
time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) (the "Screen Page 
Underlying Reference Rate") on the underlying Interest Determination Date in question plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
 
(b) In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (a)(i) above, no such 
offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) or, in the case of (a)(ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information), 
in each case as at the Specified Time indicated above or in the applicable Final Terms, except as 
provided in paragraph (c) below, the Calculation Agent will determine the underlying Reference Rate as 
the rate it determines would have prevailed but for such nonavailability or other event acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
(c) If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any underlying Interest Determination Date, 
that the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate has been discontinued, the Calculation Agent will use, 
as a substitute for the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate, the alternative reference rate selected by 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee 
or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency of the relevant rate (each a 
"Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if two 
or more alternative reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the

--- Page 207 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
207 
 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most 
appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Securities. If the Calculation Agent 
notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the Calculation Agent 
will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business Day prior to the applicable 
underlying Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent (the "Underlying Reference Rate 
Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute or successor rate, which is 
substantially comparable to the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate, is available for the purpose of 
determining the underlying Reference Rate on each underlying Interest Determination Date falling on 
or after the date of such determination. If the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Underlying Reference Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such successor rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to 
determine the Underlying Interest Rate. 
 
If the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable has determined a 
substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such rate, the "Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining the Underlying Reference Rate on each 
underlying Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination: 
 
(i) the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will 
also determine the changes (if any) required to the underlying Interest Determination Date and any 
method for obtaining the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to 
make such Replacement Underlying Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page Underlying 
Reference Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Underlying Reference Rate; 
 
(ii) references to the underlying Reference Rate in this Conditions will be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Replacement UnderlyingReference Rate, including any alternative method for determining 
such rate as described in (i) above; 
 
(iii) the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will 
notify the Issuer of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, and the details described in (i) above 
as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
 
(iv) the Issuer will give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19, and the Calculation 
Agent of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, and the details described in (i) above as soon as 
reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 4:00 p.m. (Paris time) on the Business Day prior to 
the applicable underlying Interest Determination Date. 
 
The determination of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above by the 
Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Holders, unless the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that the 
Replacement Underlying Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Underlying Reference Rate 
or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or 
re-appoint a Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent, as the case may be (which may or may not be the 
same entity as the original Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the 
purpose of confirming the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this paragraph (c). If the replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, then the Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate will remain unchanged.

--- Page 208 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
208 
 
The Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark 
agent in the principal financial centre of the currency of the relevant rate as appointed by the Calculation Agent, 
(y) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) or (z) an affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
5.16 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENT AND AJDUSTMENTS FOR DEBT INSTRUMENT OR DEBT 
INSTRUMENT BASKETS 
A. 
Definitions 
Capitalisation Rate means the fixed rate or floating rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
CET means Central European Time. 
Company means the issuer company of a Debt Instrument, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Conversion Rate means the exchange rate used for conversion of any amount, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Debt Instrument means any financial instrument (including a Bond, a Convertible Bond, a Perpetual Bond or a 
Contingent Bond) representing a right of claim over the legal entity that issued such instrument and to which the 
Securities relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment or replacement at any time, in 
accordance with paragraph C below. 
Debt Instrument Bankruptcy means a Company which (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become 
due; (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or 
presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry 
of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty (30) calendar days thereafter; or (h) causes or is 
subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) to (g) (inclusive). 
Debt Instrument Basket means a basket comprising Debt Instruments as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, assigned the relevant Weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Debt Instrument Coupon Frequency means the frequency of payment for the coupon of the relevant Debt 
Instrument which may be (but not limited to) monthly, quarterly, half-yearly or yearly, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms

--- Page 209 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
209 
 
Debt Instrument Coupon Rate means the rate for the coupon of the relevant Debt Instrument, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Debt Instrument Liquidation Value means a value determined by using the formulae of the Technical Annex 
(and as detailed in the relevant Final Terms) for the purpose of the Liquidation Method in Condition 
5.16(C)(i)(c)(i). 
Debt Instrument Maturity Date means the date on which the Debt Instrument matures, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Debt Instrument Nominal Value means the nominal value assigned to the Debt Instrument, as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Debt Instrument Price means, for a given trading volume, the price specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if no such price is specified, an amount equal to the purchase or sale price offered for such Debt Instrument, as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent by reference: 
 (i) to the official value published at the Valuation Time by the relevant Exchange at approximately 16.00 CET, 
where such Debt Instrument is listed and where the official price is available and adequately reflects market 
conditions, if not  
(ii) the arithmetical average of the four (4) clean bid or ask prices derived from the 6 (six) most recent clean bid 
or ask prices for the Debt Instrument (and for a "bid" or an “ask” size greater than zero) published on the 
Bloomberg "ALLQ" screen page for the Debt Instrument at approximately 16.00 CET, ignoring the highest and 
lowest of such prices, if six (6) prices are available and if the arithmetical average of the four (4) prices 
adequately reflects market conditions, if not  
(iii) the arithmetical average of the two (2) clean bid or ask prices derived from the six 6 (six) most recent clean 
bid prices for the Debt Instrument (and for a "bid" or “ask” size greater than zero) published on the Bloomberg 
"ALLQ" screen page for the Debt Instrument at approximately 16.00 CET, ignoring the highest and lowest of 
such prices, if the four (4) prices are available and if the arithmetical average of the two (2) prices adequately 
reflects market conditions, if not  
(iv) the arithmetical average of the clean bid or ask prices provided by at least two market participants (selected 
by the Calculation Agent) for such Debt Instrument, or, failing which, the clean bid or ask price provided by the 
only available leading market participant, or, failing which, (v) the price determined by the Calculation Agent at 
its sole discretion, but in the interests of the Holders and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Business Day (All Debt Instruments Basis) means, in respect of a Debt Instrument Basket, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange prior to the 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Debt Instrument Basis) means, in respect of a Debt Instrument Basket, any day 
on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange associated with such Debt Instrument are open for 
trading during their respective regular trading sessions. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Debt Instrument Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and Related Exchange, if applicable, are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange prior to the Scheduled 
Closing Time.

--- Page 210 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
210 
 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a Debt Instrument, an Exchange Business Day (Single 
Debt Instrument Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Debt Instrument Basket (a) an Exchange Business Day (All Debt 
Instruments Basis) or (b) an Exchange Business Day (Per Debt Instrument Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if no Exchange Business Day is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
Exchange Business Day (All Debt Instruments Basis) shall be deemed to apply, or (iii) for a Debt Instrument that 
is not traded on an exchange or regulated market, any Business Day. 
Exchange means for a Debt Instrument, each exchange or quotation system specified as such in the Final Terms 
for a relevant Debt Instrument, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in the Debt Instrument has been temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is a comparable liquidity relative to such Debt Instrument) on such 
temporarily substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange). In case of a lack of Exchange 
for a relevant Debt Instrument, it shall mean the Screen Page as specified in the Final Terms. 
Hedged Positions means the purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
New Debt Instruments means securities of the new company in the event of a Merger or securities resulting 
from Spin-Off (as applicable). Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, 
by reference to the applicable exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event that the original securities 
must be substituted for several different categories of securities, the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute 
for the relevant securities one (or more) of such securities (the Selected Security(ies)). In this case, the value of 
the security or securities not selected (the Excluded Security(ies)) shall be expressed as a number or a fraction 
of a number of one (or more) of the Selected Security(ies), at the Calculation Agent’s choice, which shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the official closing price of both the Selected Security or 
Securities and the Excluded Securities, recorded simultaneously on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted 
security or securities include one or more unlisted securities, the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair 
market value of such unlisted security or securities on the Event Effective Date. 
Related Exchange means an organised market on which futures contracts and/or options on a Debt Instrument 
are traded, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or any successor market or any other market that may be 
nominated subsequently by the Issuer to replace the Related Exchange specified in the Final Terms. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Debt Instruments Basis) means, in respect of a Debt Instrument Basket, any day 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange (if it exists) associated with all of the Debt Instruments 
comprised in the Debt Instrument Basket are scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading 
sessions. If there is no Exchange for a relevant Debt Instrument means any day which is a Business Day. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Debt Instrument Basis) means, in respect of a Debt Instrument Basket, any day 
on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange (if it exists) associated with such Debt Instrument are 
scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading sessions. If there is no Exchange for a relevant Debt 
Instrument means any day which is a Business Day. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Debt Instrument Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and 
relevant Related Exchange (if it exists) are scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading sessions. 
If there is no Exchange for a relevant Debt Instrument means any day which is a Business Day.

--- Page 211 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
211 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a Debt Instrument, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Debt 
Instrument Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Debt Instrument Basket, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Debt 
Instruments Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Debt Instrument Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Debt Instruments Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Screen Page means the price source reference page, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or any succeeding 
page. 
Substitute Debt Instrument means a debt instrument (i) which is not the Debt Instrument of the Security and 
(ii) which has, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, similar characteristics to those of the excluded Debt 
Instrument (business sector, currency, rating, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other pertinent parameter 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent). 
Substitution means the cessation by the Calculation Agent of the indexation of the Securities to the Debt 
Instrument and its replacement by a Substitute Debt Instrument or, in the case of a Debt Instrument Basket, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the 
replacement of the affected Debt Instrument) the the crystallisation at the fair market value of the Debt 
Instrument on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Valuation Time means (i) the time on the relevant Valuation Date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date or (ii) for a Debt Instrument that is not traded on an Exchange 16.00 CET. 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Debt Instrument comprised in the Debt Instrument Basket, the 
percentage or fraction specified in respect of such Debt Instrument, in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. Market Disruption Event 
(i) 
Definitions 
Market Disruption Event means  
(a) 
any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Exchange or 
(b) 
any suspension or limitation on trading on listed options contracts or futures contracts relating to the 
Debt Instrument, which the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any time 
during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time or  
(c) 
any suspension of publication on the relevant Screen Page or the unavailability of clean bid prices from 
at least two market participants.  
Disrupted Day means (i) any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or, as applicable, the Related 
Exchange is not open for trading during its regular trading session, or any Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred or (ii) for a Debt Instrument that is not traded on an Exchange, any 
Business Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event  
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Valuation Date shall be the next following Exchange Business 
Day, or, as the case may be the next following Business Day, which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
eight (8) Exchange Business Days or each of the eight (8) Business Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.

--- Page 212 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
212 
 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the value of the Debt 
Instrument at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day.  
In order to determine the fair value of the Debt Instruments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the 
market value of any hedging instruments put in place by the Issuer and/or any of the affiliates of the Hedging 
Party in relation to the Securities, adjusted for gains or losses, if any, realised or incurred, as the case may be, by 
the Issuer due to such Market Disruption Event. 
C. Adjustments 
(i) 
Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting a Debt Instrument (an Event) occur, the 
Calculation Agent may, as regards Securities in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the 
Valuation Date, continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers necessary. To this 
end, the Calculation Agent may apply alternatively as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) the same method as that applied by the Related Exchange (if applicable) or any other relevant 
authority (the Related Exchange Method); or 
(b) the methods described in paragraphs (ii) below to adapt the Security to the modifications to the Debt 
Instrument or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); or  
(c) the liquidation adjustment method (the Liquidation Method) the effect of which is to change the 
manner in which the Final Settlement Amount is determined by : 
(i). using a Debt Instrument Liquidation Value calculated with the formulae of the Technical 
Annex and as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii). taking into account (i) of the amount of the liquidation proceeds of the relevant Debt 
Instrument, which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes, if any, capitalised between the date 
of receipt of such liquidation proceeds by the Hedging Party and a Valuation Date at the 
Capitalisation Rate, as defined in the Final Terms (Lj) in place of the settlement amount of the 
relevant Debt Instrument used in the determination of the Final Settlement Amount [or the 
Early Settlement Amount, as the case may be] and, if applicable, (ii) the sum of the Debt 
Instrument coupons affected by the Event, calculated between the Issue Date and the 
liquidation date, each coupon shall be capitalised (provided that only coupons due for at least 
one entire year may be capitalised) between the date of its receipt by the Hedging Party and the 
Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate (ΣCj ) in place of the sum of the relevant Debt 
Instrument coupons used in the determination of the Final Settlement Amount as defined in the 
Final Terms as the case may be. 
(d) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities. In that case, and 
subject to Condition 5.24 and 5.25, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying the 
Holders, in accordance with Condition 19, of the fair market value of the Securities, in the case of 
Cash Settlement or, if applicable, of the quantity of Debt Instruments to be delivered in the case of 
Physical Delivery (Deliverable Debt Instruments), as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(including by using the relevant Debt Instrument Market Bid Price as defined in the Technical 
Annex, as the case may be). Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the 
specified fair market value in the case of Cash Settlement or, if applicable, by delivery of the 
relevant quantity of Deliverable Debt Instruments in the case of Physical Delivery (the Settlement 
Method). Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value in the case of Cash

--- Page 213 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
213 
 
Settlement or, if applicable, by delivery of the relevant quantity of Deliverable Debt Instruments in 
the case of Physical Delivery, shall be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market 
Value Option). For the purposes of this paragraph, the Capitalised Fair Market Value means the 
fair market value of the Security capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement 
Date at the Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker 
EXDMEURC Index, or any other rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 61 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) 
and (d) above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Adjustment methods applicable to Debt Instruments 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
(a) 
Correction of the Debt Instrument Price 
If the Debt Instrument Price published by the relevant Exchange or obtained by the Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be, is corrected to a material extent after the Valuation Date, but at the latest two (2) Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date or Settlement Date, then the corrected price shall be deemed to be the Debt 
Instrument Price applicable on the Valuation Date. 
(b) Merger 
In the event that the Company (issuer of the Debt Instrument) merges with, or is absorbed by, another issuer 
company (other than a merger of which the issuer Company is the surviving entity) (the Merger), the 
Calculation Agent may elect to (a) replace the Debt Instruments with New Debt Instruments or (b) implement 
Substitution of the relevant Debt Instrument. 
(c) Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Company (issuer of the Debt Instrument) (Spin-off), the Calculation Agent may 
elect to either (a) replace the Debt Instruments with New Debt Instruments or (b) implement Substitution of the 
relevant Debt Instrument. 
(d) Insolvency, Restructuring and Deterioration of the Company 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Instrument (a) in the event of a Debt Instrument Bankruptcy, (b) 
acceleration of the Debt Instrument, (c) restructuring of the Debt Instrument, either by a reduction of the initially 
specified rate or amount of interest payable or accruing, a reduction in the amount of any premium or principal 
due at maturity or on the initially specified settlement dates, or any postponement of any date or dates on which 
it is provided (x) that an interest payment is to be made or interest begins to accrue or (y) that a repayment of 
principal or payment of any premium is to be made, or any lowering of the priority ranking or status of the Debt 
Instrument, or any change in the monetary unit in which repayments of principal or payments of interest must be 
made, or in their composition, or (d) any material deterioration in the financial situation of the Company (issuer 
of the Debt Instrument), in the opinion of the Calculation Agent.  
(e) Cash/Exchange Tender Offer

--- Page 214 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
214 
 
If an Offer Period commences, the Calculation Agent may, having examined its characteristics and relevant 
practical arrangements, elect (a) to maintain the Debt Instrument as the Underlying or (b) replace it with the debt 
instrument issued by the Offeror. 
If the Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment during the Offer Period in accordance with the paragraph 
below and if the Company is the subject of a successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer (the Tender Offer), the 
Calculation Agent may elect (a) to maintain the Debt Instrument as the Underlying, (b) replace the Debt 
Instrument with the New Debt Instrument or (c) implement Substitution of the Debt Instrument. 
For the purposes of this section (Cash/Exchange Tender Offer): 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means any acquisition offer made by one or more legal entities (or if applicable 
one or more individuals) (the Offeror) in respect of one or more Debt Instruments giving rights to share capital 
in the Company(ies) under the relevant national law, and for a fixed price. 
Offer Period means the period from (and including) the date on which the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer is 
officially announced by the Offeror in whatever manner to the competent supervisory authorities in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction, up to (but excluding) the date of the 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer. 
(f) Buy-Back Offer 
In the event of a buy-back offer by the Company (issuer of the Debt Instruments) (the Buy-Back Offer), the 
Calculation Agent may elect: 
(a) 
not to take part in the Buy-Back Offer and to maintain the relevant Debt Instrument as the Underlying 
of the Securities, or 
(b) 
to participate in the Buy-Back Offer and contribute the relevant Debt Instruments, in which case the 
Calculation Agent shall amend the manner in which the Final Settlement Amount is determined to take 
account (i) of the amount of the proceeds of the contribution of the relevant Debt Instrument to the 
Buy-Back Offer, which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes, if any, capitalised between the date of 
receipt of such amount by the Hedging Party and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate (Lj) in 
place of the settlement amount of the relevant Debt Instrument used in the determination of the Final 
Settlement Amount and, if applicable, (ii) the sum of the Debt Instrument coupons affected by the 
Event, calculated between the Issue Date and the date of the contribution of the Debt Instrument to the 
Buy-Back Offer, each coupon on such Debt Instrument shall be capitalised (provided that only coupons 
due for at least one entire year may be capitalised) between the date of its receipt by the Hedging Party 
and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate (ΣCj) in place of the sum of the relevant Debt 
Instrument coupons used in the determination of the Final Settlement Amount; or 
(c) 
to liquidate the relevant Debt Instruments, in which case the Calculation Agent shall amend the manner 
in which the Final Settlement Amount is determined to take account (i) of the amount of the liquidation 
proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument, which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes, if any, 
capitalised between the date of receipt of such liquidation proceeds by the Hedging Party and the 
Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate (Lj) in place of the settlement amount of the relevant Debt 
Instrument used in the determination of the Final Settlement Amount and, if applicable, (ii) the sum of 
the Debt Instrument coupons affected by the Event, received by the Hedging Party between the Issue 
Date and the liquidation date, each coupon on such Debt Instrument shall be capitalised between the 
date of its receipt by the Hedging Party and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate (ΣCj) in place 
of the sum of the relevant Debt Instrument coupons used in the determination of the Final Settlement 
Amount. 
(g) Financial default

--- Page 215 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
215 
 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
proceeding with the Substitution of the relevant Debt Instrument, (i) if a hypothetical investor in a Debt 
Instrument has not received all or any of the coupons and/or principal on the dates specified in the applicable 
Debt Instrument documentation in force on the Trade Date; or (ii) if an event occurs that may have the same 
consequences such as a restructuring, insolvency, repudiation or moratorium (Financial Default). 
(h) Change in law 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Instrument if, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption 
of, or any change in any law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of 
any regulatory or taxation authority, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith (X) that it has become illegal or contrary to any applicable regulation for the Hedging 
Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of the relevant Debt Instrument /Hedged Positions in relation to such 
Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position). 
(i) Hedging disruption 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Instrument if the the Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that it deems necessary to hedge the debt instrument risk generated by 
issuing the relevant Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) to realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
(j) Increased Cost of Hedging 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Debt Instrument if the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates or the 
Hedging Party incurs a materially increased (as compared with the circumstances existing on the Issue Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, replace, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the debt 
instrument risk generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) to 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party 
shall not be deemed an increased cost of hedging. 
(iii) 
Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Instrument comprised in a Debt Instrument Basket 
In the case of a Debt Instrument Basket, if prior to the last Valuation Date of the relevant Securities, any Debt 
Instrument comprised in the basket and assigned the relevant Weighting is redeemed (including any redemption 
following a call by the Company issuing the Debt Instrument and/or any early settlement, resulting from an 
Event described in paragraph (ii) above or otherwise) or cancelled by the relevant Company (a "Debt 
Instrument Redemption Event"), then: 
(a) 
unless Partial Settlement upon Occurrence of a Debt Instrument Redemption Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the settlement amount or proceeds received by the Hedging Party following such Debt Instrument 
Redemption Event, as applicable, which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes, if any, shall be 
capitalised between the date of receipt of such amount by the Hedging Party and the Valuation Date at

--- Page 216 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
216 
 
the Capitalisation Rate (Lj) and, if applicable, the sum of the Debt Instrument coupons received by the 
Hedging Party between the Issue Date and the date of the Debt Instrument Redemption Event shall be 
capitalised between the date of its receipt by the Hedging Party and the Valuation Date at the 
Capitalisation Rate (ΣCj); or 
(b) 
if Partial Settlement upon Occurrence of a Debt Instrument Redemption Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem in part the relevant Securities by giving 
notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 19; such a settlement shall be effected by reduction of 
the Nominal Value of the Securities in proportion to the Weighting of the affected Debt Instrument in 
the Debt Instrument Basket, and the Issuer will pay to each Holder in respect of each Security held by 
him, an amount (the “Partial Settlement Amount”) equal to: 
(i) 
the Partial Settlement Amount calculated with the formulae of the Technical Annex and as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the settlement amount or proceeds received by the Hedging Party following such Debt 
Instrument Redemption Event, as applicable, which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes, if 
any, and, if applicable, the sum of the Debt Instrument coupons received by the Hedging Party 
between the Issue Date and the date of the Debt Instrument Redemption Event, less, unless if 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Debt Instrument Redemption Event may include the 
occurrence of a Debt Instrument Call Date (i.e. the scheduled date on which the Company issuing the 
Debt Instrument may call such Debt Instrument), whether such Debt Instrument has been called by the 
relevant Company on such date or not. 
(iv) 
General provisions 
(i) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Securities for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Securities, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Securities in accordance with these Conditions, notify 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent 
shall give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Securities in accordance 
with Condition 19.  
(iii) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice and any Physical Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.5 shall be 
made as soon as possible.

--- Page 217 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
217 
 
 
5.17 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS AND ADJUSTMENTS FOR DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO 
A. Definitions 
Closing Level means the official level of the Dynamic Portfolio, as published by the Portfolio Sponsor on a 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day. 
Debt Security Instrument means a Debt Instrument (as such term is defined in Condition 5.16) that forms part 
of a Dynamic Portfolio.  
Dynamic Portfolio means the dynamic portfolio to which the Securities are linked, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as calculated or published by the relevant Portfolio Sponsor, subject to adjustment or a replacement 
at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Dynamic Portfolio Instrument means a dynamic portfolio that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio 
Equity Instrument means a Share (as such term is defined in Condition 5.8) that forms part of a Dynamic 
Portfolio.  
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Business Day means in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
Portfolio Sponsor publishes the Closing Level of the Dynamic Portfolio pursuant to the Portfolio Rules. 
Fund Instrument means a Fund Unit (as such term is defined in Condition 5.11) that forms part of a Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
Futures Contract Instrument means a Futures Contract (as such term is defined in Condition 5.12) that forms 
part of a Dynamic Portfolio.  
Hedged Position means the purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities, whether individually or on a portfolio basis.  
Index Instrument means an Index (as such term is defined in Condition 5.9 and which may encompass, for the 
avoidance of doubt, a Proprietary Index provided that the provider of such Proprietary Index is registered with 
ESMA in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio. 
Initial Level means the level of the Dynamic Portfolio specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Initial 
Valuation Date (such date being defined in the applicable Final Terms) or, if no level is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the level of such Dynamic Portfolio determined by the Calculation Agent at the 
Valuation Time on the Initial Valuation Date, in accordance with the Methodologies, subject to adjustment at 
any time in accordance with the provisions of paragraph C below. 
Portfolio Advisor. refers to, in case of a jointly developed Dynamic Portfolio, any entity belonging to the Exane 
Group or any third party appointed by the Portfolio Sponsor whose details are specified into the Specific 
Methodology and responsible for providing to the Portfolio Calculation Agent with the all relevant information 
required for calculating and maintaining the Dynamic Portfolio, notably that relating to the choice and quantity 
or weights of Portfolio Components.

--- Page 218 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
218 
 
Portfolio Component means an Equity Instrument, a Fund Instrument, an Index Instrument, a Futures Contract 
Instrument, a Listed Option Instrument a Debt Security Instrument, an OTC Derivatives Instrument, a Constant 
and/or a Dynamic Portfolio Instrument, as the case may be.  
Portfolio Sponsor means any entity belonging to the Exane Group or any third party that (a) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to 
the Dynamic Portfolio and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Dynamic Portfolio on a 
regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the entity specified for such 
Dynamic Portfolio in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment or replacement at any time, in 
accordance with paragraph C below.  
Portfolio Rules means the methodology of the Dynamic Portfolio described in the General Methodology of 
Dynamic Portfolios and the Specific Methodology of the Dynamic Portfolio, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time.  
Reference Market means the principal market or quotation system on which, as the Calculation Agent may 
determine in good faith, the relevant Portfolio Components are traded and which offers the greatest liquidity for 
such Portfolio Components, or any successor or replacement market or quotation system. 
Related Exchange means each market or quotation system on which trading has a material effect (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) on the market as a whole for futures and options contracts on the relevant Portfolio 
Components, or any successor or replacement market or quotation system.  
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio, any day on which the Portfolio Sponsor is 
scheduled to publish the Closing Level of the Dynamic Portfolio pursuant to the Portfolio Rules.  
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Valuation Time means, unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the time at which the Closing 
Level is published by the Portfolio Sponsor pursuant to the Portfolio Rules. 
B. Market Disruption Event 
(i) Definitions 
Debt Security Disruption Event means, in respect of a Debt Security Instrument: 
(a) 
any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Reference Market or 
(b) 
any suspension or limitation on trading on listed options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Debt 
Security Instrument, which the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any time 
during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time or  
(c) 
any suspension of publication on the relevant screen page of the Debt Security Instrument or the 
unavailability of clean bid prices from at least two market participants. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
Equity Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at 
any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the 
purpose hereof:

--- Page 219 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
219 
 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Reference Market or, as the case may 
be, the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been 
announced by such Reference Market or by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Market or Related Exchange, as the case 
may be, on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation 
Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Equity Instruments on the relevant Reference Market, or (ii) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Equity 
Instrument on the Related Exchange. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or, as the case may be, the Related Exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange 
Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference 
Market or relevant Related Exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to such Share on the relevant Reference Market, 
or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Equity Instrument on the relevant Related Exchange.  
Fund Disruption Event means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, the occurrence or existence of (i) Valuation 
Disruption, (ii) a Settlement Disruption or (iii) a Liquidity Disruption, that the Calculation Agent determines is 
material. For the purpose thereof: 
Liquidity Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, any suspension, limitation or delay affecting the 
settlement of such Fund Instrument, whether in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Documents or for 
any other reason.  
Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument on any date, failure by the Fund to pay the full 
amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the Settlement Proceeds due in respect of such Fund 
Instrument, as such amount should have been paid at the latest by such date in accordance with the Fund 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision permitting the Fund 
to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Instruments). 
Valuation Disruption means that: 
(a) the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument is not determined and/or published by the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) in accordance with the provisions of the 
Fund Documents; 
(b) 
the determination and/or publication of the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument, in accordance 
with the Fund Documents, has/have been suspended; or  
(c) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider 
which generally determines such value) is incorrect or misrepresents the Net Asset Value of the Fund 
Instrument, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
For the sake of clarity, any terms with a capital letter will have the meaning specified in Condition 5.11 except 
that where Fund Unit(s) appears, it will be replaced by “Fund Instrument(s)”. 
Futures Contract Disruption Event means, in respect of a Futures Contract Instrument, the occurrence or 
existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines, in 
each case, is material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation 
Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the purpose thereof:

--- Page 220 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
220 
 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the relevant Reference Market prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been announced by such Reference Market at least 
one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference 
Market on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Reference Market system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures Contract Instrument on the Reference Market. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference Market or otherwise, in the relevant Futures Contract 
Instrument on the relevant Reference Market. 
Portfolio Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
• 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Share Instruments, the occurrence of a Share Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Share Instruments; and 
• 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Fund Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund 
Instruments; and 
• 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Index Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments; 
• 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Futures Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or 
more of such Futures Contract Instruments. 
• 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Debt Security Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Debt Security Instruments. 
Index Disruption Event means, in respect of an Index Instrument, the non-publication of the Closing Level by 
the Sponsor. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such event is material: (a) the non-publication of the Closing Level or 
(b) a Portfolio Component Event where the aggregate of all Portfolio Components in respect of which a Portfolio 
Component Event occurs or exists comprises 25 per cent. or more of the level of the Dynamic Portfolio. 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event  
If any Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1.1) is a Disrupted Day for a Dynamic Portfolio, then such 
Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
such Proprietary Index, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the level of such Proprietary

--- Page 221 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
221 
 
Index at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day, in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating such Proprietary Index last in effect prior to the occurence of the first Disrupted Day, using the 
Reference Market traded or quoted prices as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of 
each Index Component (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Index Component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day). 
(iii) 
Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Market Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, in the absence of such Market Disruption Event, would have been the Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 19. 
C. Adjustments 
(i) Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraphs (ii) below and affecting a Dynamic Portfolio (an Event) occur, the 
Calculation Agent may, as regards Securities in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the 
Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1.1), continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as 
it considers necessary. To this end, the Calculation Agent shall decide either to: 
(a) apply the methods described in paragraph (ii) to adapt the Securities to the modifications of the 
Dynamic Portfolio (the Calculation Agent Method); or 
(b) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities. In that case, and 
subject to Condition 5.24 and 5.25, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in 
accordance with Condition 19, of the fair market value of the Securities, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair 
market value (the Settlement Method). Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value shall 
be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the "Capitalised Fair Market Value" means the fair market value of the Security 
capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the Exane EUR Capitalized 
Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index , or any other rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 61 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Methods of adjustment for Dynamic Portfolios 
(a) Modification and cessation of calculation of a Dynamic Portfolio 
If the Portfolio Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula or method of calculating 
that Dynamic Portfolio or in any other way materially modified that Dynamic Portfolio (other than any 
modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain such Dynamic Portfolio in the event of 
change to any of the Portfolio Components comprised in the Dynamic Portfolio, their capitalisation or any other

--- Page 222 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
222 
 
routine event) (Portfolio Modification) or permanently cancels the Dynamic Portfolio (Portfolio Cancellation), 
then the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities by, in 
particular, calculating the level of such Dynamic Portfolio in accordance with the Portfolio Rules in force prior 
to such modification or cancellation, but using only the Portfolio Components immediately prior to such 
Portfolio Modification or Portfolio Cancellation. 
(b) Change of Portfolio Advisor 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities if (i) the Portfolio 
Advisor ceases to perform its functions and no satisfactory successor, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
has been appointed to replace it within five (5) Exchange Business Days following such event, (ii) there is a 
change of control of the Portfolio Advisor or (iii) the Portfolio Advisor is no longer able, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, to perform its functions with the same care and attention as prior to the Issue Date, in 
particular due to a legal or regulatory decision or decision of a supervisory authority or is the subject of judicial 
reorganisation, liquidation or insolvency proceedings or, at any time, ceases to honour its debts or is the subject 
of a temporary or permanent withdrawal of its licence, or is the subject of disciplinary or administrative 
proceedings initiated by its supervisory authorities or acts in a fraudulent manner or any other event occurs 
which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has a material adverse effect on the Dyamic Portfolio. 
(c) Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due 
to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has or will become illegal or contrary to any 
Applicable Regulation for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedged Positions in relation to its 
Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities if a Change in 
Law occurs. 
(d) Hedging Disruption 
Hedging Disruption means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the index price risk or any other relevant price 
risk including but not limited to the currency risk generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing its 
obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities if a Hedging 
Disruption occurs. 
(e) Increased Cost of Hedging 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commission) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the relevant Security, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such

--- Page 223 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
223 
 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities if an Increased 
Cost of Hedging occurs. 
(iii) 
General 
(e) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Securities for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Securities, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(f) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Securities in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Securities in accordance with 
Condition 19.  
(g) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice.

--- Page 224 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
224 
 
5.18 
EARLY SETTLEMENT  
The Early Settlement Amount for any Securities due and payable in accordance with Condition 14 shall be equal 
to the fair market value of the Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if applicable, any other third 
party appointed to this end using the arithmetic mean of each quotation supplied by five (5) leading banks on the 
Reference Financial Place (with the exception of any member of the Exane group), after having set aside the 
highest and lowest quotations (and if, amongst the quotations received, at least two quotations have a value equal 
to the highest quotation or to the lowest quotation, only one is set aside for the calculation of the arithmetic 
mean), plus interest based on the overnights deposits rate or any other overnight rate applicable to the Settlement 
Currency, as specified in the Final Terms until the settlement date.  
Should none of the provisions mentioned above apply, the Early Settlement Amount for any Certificate due and 
payable in accordance with Condition 14 means the quantity of Underlyings to Deliver, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
5.19 
AUTOMATIC EARLY SETTLEMENT  
Unless it has been settled, redeemed and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Valuation Date, the Automatic 
Early Settlement Condition determined in accordance with the Technical Annex and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms occurs, each Securities will be settled in all, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Settlement Date 
immediately following the relevant Automatic Early Valuation Date, and the Settlement Amount settled by the 
Issuer on such date will be equal to the applicable Automatic Early Settlement Amount. 
5.20 
 PARTLY PAID CERTIFICATES  
Partly Paid Certificates shall be settled either at maturity or early, in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 0 as supplemented by the Final Terms. 
5.21 
EARLY SETTLEMENT FOR TAX REASONS 
If, at any time on or prior to the Maturity Date (the date of such determination being the Early Tax Settlement 
Determination Date), the Calculation Agent determines that, due to (i) the adoption of, any change in the 
application or official interpretation of any applicable tax law or regulation or (ii) any action taken by a tax 
authority, the Issuer may incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities 
(including without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position) (each a Tax Settlement Event), as soon as practicable after such determination and subject to 
Condition 5.24 and 5.25, the Calculation Agent shall give notice in accordance with Condition 19 to the Holders 
of the determination of the Tax Settlement Event stating the nature of the Tax Settlement Event (the date of such 
notice being the Notice Date); such notice may be given irrespective of whether the Tax Settlement Event is 
continuing. Interest shall cease to accrue from and including the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the Early Tax Settlement Determination Date and thereafter no payment of interest or principal on the Securities 
will be made and each Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at an amount (the Early Settlement Amount for 
Tax Reasons) equal to the fair market value of the Securities on the fifth Business Day following the Notice 
Date less any loss of bargain and cost of funding incurred by the Issuer or to the Amount of Underlyings to 
Deliver, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. 
5.22 
DUAL CURRENCY SECURITIES 
Amounts payable in respect of payment of principal and/or interest, if any, in respect of Dual Currency 
Securities, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by converting the relevant amounts in the relevant 
Currency into the Settlement Currency at the relevant fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate.  
 
The method of determining the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and may be one of the following methods:

--- Page 225 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
225 
 
- if “Predetermined” is specified in the applicable Final Terms under item “Method of calculating the fixing of 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate”, the Calculation Agent shall use the Predetermined Fixing as the fixing of Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate to convert the relevant amount(s);  
- if “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms under item “Method of calculating 
the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate”, the fixing of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate will be the relevant 
exchange rate fixing specified on the Relevant Screen Page at the Dual Currency Valuation Time on the Dual 
Currency Valuation Date;  
 
- if “Calculation Agent Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms under item “Method of 
calculating the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate”, the fixing of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner selects at the Dual Currency Valuation Time on the Dual Currency Valuation 
Date.  
 
Notwithstanding the above, upon a Dual Currency Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Dual 
Currency Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall:  
 
(a) determine that the Dual Currency Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Dual Currency Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Dual Currency Disrupted Day unless each of the eight Dual Currency Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the scheduled Dual Currency Valuation Date is also a Dual Currency 
Disrupted Day. In that case, that eighth Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Dual 
Currency Valuation Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Dual Currency Disrupted Day, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the fixing of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate as 
of the Dual Currency Valuation Time on that eighth Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith 
estimate of the fixing so calculated shall be deemed the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate; and/or  
 
(b) postpone any payment date related to such Dual Currency Valuation Date (including, if applicable, the 
Maturity Date) until the fourth Business Day following the date on which a Dual Currency Disruption Event is 
no longer subsisting, or the date on which the Calculation Agent determines its good faith estimate of the fixing 
of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate pursuant to the provisions of item (a) above, as the case may be. No interest 
or other amount shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of such postponement.  
 
For the purpose of this Condition:  
 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
"Dual Currency Disrupted Day" means any Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Dual Currency Disruption Event has occurred;  
 
"Dual Currency Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence of (a) a Price Source Disruption, (b) an 
Illiquidity Disruption, (c) a Dual Exchange Rate or (d) any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, is analogous to (a), (b) or (c). For the purpose hereof:  
 
A. Price Source Disruption means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate is calculated.  
B. Illiquidity Disruption means the occurrence of any event in respect of the Specified Currency and/or 
Settlement Currency whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm quote for 
such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under the 
Securities (in one or more transaction(s)) on any Dual Currency Valuation Date;  
 
C. Dual Exchange Rate means that the Dual Currency Exchange Rate splits into dual or multiple foreign 
exchange rates.

--- Page 226 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
226 
 
 
"Dual Currency Exchange Rate" means an exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) and 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, an exchange rate expressed as X/Y 
means the number of units (or part units) of Y for which one unit of X can be exchanged.  
"Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Dual Currency Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal 
financial centres of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate.  
 
5.23 
ADJUSTMENT FOLLOWING AN ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK EVENT 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, and subject to Condition 5.24 and 5.25, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), on expiry of such notice, (A) require the Calculation Agent to 
determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, 
to be made to the terms of the Securities, including, without limitation, selecting a successor benchmark(s) and 
making related adjustments taking into account, where applicable and unless Unwind Costs is specified as not 
applicable, any increased costs incurred by the exposure to the successor benchmark(s), or (B) redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Securities, each Security being redeemed at its Early Settlement Amount and no further 
interest will be payable since the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.23 (Early settlement for an Administrator/Benchmark Event): 
 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (i) a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur, (ii) any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or 
will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or 
their respective obligations under the Securities; or (iii) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a 
relevant Benchmark in connection with the Securities from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of any 
applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence 
(including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a 
valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Securities and for any reason such 
licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence). 
 
"Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as defined in BMR and where any 
amount payable or deliverable under the Securities, or the value of the Securities, is determined, in whole or in 
part, by reference to such figure, value, level or rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the following has 
occurred or will occur: 
 
(i) any material change in such Benchmark; or 
 
(ii) the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark. 
 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011).

--- Page 227 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
227 
 
 
5.24 
ESSENTIAL TRIGGER  
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the Securities (other than modifications that do not 
relate to essential characteristics of the Securities) or redeem the Securities prior to their Scheduled Maturity 
Date, as described in the Conditions, following an event or circumstance (or combination of events or 
circumstances) that (a) is not attributable to the Issuer and significantly alters the economics of the Securities 
compared to the economics as of the Issue Date, or (b) constitutes a force majeure which renders impossible the 
performance of its obligations under the Securities.  
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5.24, essential characteristics of the Securities means characteristics of the 
Securities that are considered essential to the Holders generally, including without limitation the yield (coupon 
structure), the Underlying(s), the principal protected amount (if any), the identity of the Issuer and of the 
Guarantor and the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, in exercising its discretion and making an election, 
determination, modification or adjustment, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other relevant Agent shall 
do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to preserve or restore the economics of the agreed 
terms as far as practicable. Any such election, determination, modification or adjustment shall not create a 
significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of the Issuer compared to the Holders, to the detriment 
of the Holders. 
5.25 
EARLY SETTLEMENT AMOUNT FOR SECURITIES OFFERED TO CONSUMERS IN 
BELGIUM 
Notwithstanding the definition of Early Settlement Amount in Condition 1.1 and the provisions regarding any 
unilateral early settlement of the Securities by the Issuer as set out in Conditions 5.8 to 5.17, Condition 5.21 
and/or Condition 5.23, in the case of Securities offered to consumers in Belgium (i.e. if Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers in Belgium is specified as non applicable in the applicable Final Terms), and when the unilateral 
early settlement of the Securities (a) does not constitute a force majeure but (b) is due to an event or 
circumstance not attributable to the Issuer and that significantly alters the economics of the Securities compared 
to the economics as of the Issue Date, the Early Settlement Amount for any Securities due and payable in 
accordance with such Conditions shall be equal to: 
 
5.24.1 If Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the greater of the fair market 
value of a Security and the Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
proportionate share of such Protected Amount, provided that, (x) no costs shall be deducted from such amount 
and (y) such amount shall include the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early settlement 
date or, as the case may be, partial redemption date notified to the Holders until the scheduled Maturity Date of 
the Securities), of any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such costs (including but not limited to 
any structuring costs) paid by Holders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Securities, such amount to be paid to 
the Holders on the date notified to the Holders in the notice of early settlement or, as the case may be, notice of 
partial settlement. 
 
5.24.2 If Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the fair market value of a 
Security calculated (x) without taking account of any costs and no costs shall be deducted from such amount and 
(y) including the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early redemption date or, as the case 
may be, partial redemption date notified to the Holders until the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Securities), of 
any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such costs (including but not limited to any structuring 
costs) paid by Holders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Securities, such an amount to be paid to the Holders 
on the date notified in the notice of early redemption or, as the case may be, notice of partial settlement,

--- Page 228 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
228 
 
 
 
5.24.3 if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
(A) the Monetisation Amount (as defined below) , such amount to be paid by the Issuer (notwithstanding the 
notice of early redemption) on the Maturity Date; or 
 
(B) if the Holder duly elects to receive the fair market value, as provided below, the fair market value of such 
Security, such amount to be paid by the Issuer on the date fixed for early settlement, as notified to the Holders, 
 
provided that, (x) no costs shall be deducted from such amount and (y) such amount shall include the 
reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early settlement date or, as the case may be, partial 
redemption date notified to the Holders until the scheduled Maturity Date of the Securities), of any costs or, as 
the case may be, proportionate share of such costs (including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by 
Holders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Securities. 
 
In the Issuer's notice of early settlement, the Issuer must include the following: 
 
(A) the cut-off date and time for each Holder to elect to receive the fair market value on the 
date fixed for early settlement; 
 
(B) the date of determination of the fair market value in respect of such election and the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the fair market value of the Securities on such date; and 
 
(C) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation Amount. 
 
If the Holder does not make a valid election to receive the fair market value on the date fixed for early settlement 
before the cut-off date and time set out in the Issuer's notice of early settlement, the Holder will receive the 
Monetisation Amount in respect of such Security on the Maturity Date. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.25.3: 
 
"Monetisation Amount" means, in respect of a Securities, an amount equal to the greater of the Protected 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as follows: 
 
(S + D) x (1 + r)n 
 
Where: 
 
"S" is the present value of the Protected Amount of such Security on the date on which the event 
triggering early settlement occurs; 
"D" is the market value of the Derivative Component on the date on which the event triggering early settlement 
occurs; 
"r" is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent hypothetical debt instrument 
issued by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as applicable) with the same time to settlement as the remaining time to 
settlement on the Securities from the date fixed for early redemption until the scheduled maturity date of the 
Securities; 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Securities, expressed as a number of years; and 
 
"Derivative Component » means the option component or embedded derivative in respect of the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Securities or the interest amount due under the Securities, as applicable, in 
order to enable the Issuer to issue the Securities at the issue price and on their applicable terms. The value of the

--- Page 229 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
229 
 
Derivative Component will be determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into account a number of factors, 
including, but not limited to: 
 
(A) 
market prices or values for the underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and other 
relevant economic variables (such as interest rates; dividend rates; financing costs; the 
value, price or level of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and 
any futures or options relating to any of them; the volatility of any relevant underlying 
reference asset(s) or basis (bases); and exchange rates (if applicable)); 
 
(B) 
the time remaining until the scheduled redemption date of the Securities; 
 
(C) 
internal pricing models; and 
 
(D) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Derivative Component.

--- Page 230 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
230 
 
6. SETTLEMENT OF THE CLN AND OF THE HYBRID SECURITIES 
For the purpose of the present Condition 6, the term CLN means, as the case may be, the CLN or the Credit 
Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities and, with respect to Credit Linked Warrant, any reference to CLN herein 
shall be understood as a reference to Credit Linked Warrant. 
6.1 
SETTLEMENT IN THE ABSENCE OF A CREDIT EVENT 
A. 
Scheduled Maturity Date 
Unless the CLNs have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, and provided that the Calculation 
Agent has not sent an Extension Notice or a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer and to the Holders on or prior to 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period, each CLN shall be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Settlement 
Amount which will be a Final Settlement Amount Nominal Value as detailed in the applicable Final Terms, on 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Third Alternative Settlement Amount and unless the CLNs have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, and provided that the Calculation Agent has not sent an 
Extension Notice or a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer and to the Holders on or prior to the last day of the 
Notice Delivery Period, each CLN shall be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Settlement Amount which is a 
Final Settlement Amount Nominal Value where Fixed Settlement Amount is deemed to be zero (0) on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
B. Grace Period Extension 
If the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date in relation to a Reference Entity to which Failure to Pay and Grace Period Extension is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, but the applicable Grace Period (if any) cannot by its terms expire on 
or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
send an Extension Notice to the Issuer and the Holders setting out such determination and specifying that the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall not be the Maturity Date of the CLNs and the maturity of the CLNs shall be 
extended in accordance with the following provisions. Any interest due on the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be 
deemed to be due on the actual Maturity Date and no further interest shall accrue after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
If a Credit Event Notice in respect of the Failure to Pay is not delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
and the Holders on or before the date which is fourteen (14) calendar days following the end of the Grace Period 
Extension Period then the Maturity Date shall be the date that falls tenth Business Days after such date. 
If a Credit Event Notice in respect of the Failure to Pay is delivered on or before the date which is fourteen (14) 
calendar days following the end of the Grace Period Extension Period, then the settlement will occur in 
accordance with the Auction Settlement Terms, Physical Settlement Terms or the Cash Settlement Terms, as 
applicable. 
C. Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date in relation to a Reference Entity to which Repudiation/Moratorium is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter send an Extension Notice to the Issuer and the Holders setting out such determination and specifying 
that the Scheduled Maturity Date shall not be the Maturity Date of the CLNs and the maturity of the CLNs shall 
be extended in accordance with the following provisions. Any interest due on the Scheduled Maturity Date shall

--- Page 231 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
231 
 
be deemed to be due on the actual Maturity Date and no further interest shall accrue after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
If a Credit Event Notice in respect of the Repudiation/Moratorium is not delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer and the Holder(s) on or before the date which is fourteen (14) calendar days following the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, then the date that falls ten (10) Business Days after such date will be 
the Maturity Date. 
If a Credit Event Notice in respect of the Repudiation/Moratorium is delivered by the Calculation Agent on or 
before the date which is fourteen (14) calendar days following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, 
then settlement will occur in accordance with Auction Settlement Terms, Cash Settlement Terms or Physical 
Settlement Terms, as applicable. 
6.2 
SETTLEMENT IN THE CASE OF A CREDIT EVENT 
A. 
Upon the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement in relation to any Reference Entity and provided 
that no Automatic Early Settlement has occurred prior to the Credit Event Determination Date or the 
Event Effective Date, as the case may be : 
(i) 
if European Settlement is specified as applicable in the Final Terms applicable to CLNs or an Hybrid 
Securities and no Event as detailed in Conditions 5.8 to 5.17 has occurred in respect of the Underlying 
Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities (an Underlying Adjustment Event) and/or no Adjustment Event 
has occurred in respect of the CLN and the Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities prior to or 
following the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event, the following provisions shall apply:  
(a) 
the Settlement Amount in respect of the CLNs or the Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid 
Securities shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith in accordance with the 
Settlement Method specified in the Final Terms; 
(b) 
in respect of the Hybrid Securities, the Underlying Linked Portion shall not be affected by the 
occurrence of the Credit Event;  
(c) 
any interest (if any in respect of Hybrid Securities) shall be managed as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the clause “Settlement Interest Accrual”; and 
(d) 
the Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final Settlement Amount. 
(ii) 
if American Settlement is specified as applicable in the Final Terms applicable to CLNs or Hybrid 
Securities and no Underlying Adjustment Event and/or no Adjustment Event in respect of the CLN and 
the Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities has occurred prior to or following the occurrence of 
the relevant Credit Event, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Settlement Amount in respect of the CLN or the Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith in accordance with the Settlement 
Method specified in the Final Terms;  
(b) 
in respect of the Hybrid Securities, the Calculation Agent shall calculate in good faith the Hybrid 
Fair Market Value of the Underlying Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities on the relevant 
Credit Event Determination Date for the period commencing on such Credit Event Determination 
Date and ending on the relevant Settlement Date; 
(c) 
any interest (if any in respect of Hybrid Securities) shall be managed as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the clause “Settlement Interest Accrual”; and

--- Page 232 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
232 
 
(d) 
the Securities shall be redeemed on the relevant Settlement Date at their Final Settlement Amount.  
(iii) 
if Settlement by Instalments is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and no Underlying Adjustment 
Event has occurred in respect of the Hybrid Securities prior to or following the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event, the following provisions shall apply in respect of the relevant Instalment Amount:  
(a) 
the Settlement Amount in respect of the Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith in accordance with the Settlement Method 
specified in the Final Terms;  
(b) 
the Underlying Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall not be affected by the occurrence of 
the Credit Event  
(c) 
any interest (if any in respect of Hybrid Securities) shall be managed as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the clause “Settlement Interest Accrual”; and 
(d) 
the Credit Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall be redeemed at an Instalment Amount on 
the Instalment Date and the Underlying Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at their Final Settlement Amount.  
B. 
If an Underlying Adjustment Event or a Credit Adjustment Event occurs prior to or following the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Determination Date, the provisions of Condition 6.8 shall apply.  
C. 
Upon the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement in relation to any Reference Entity and provided 
that no Automatic Early Settlement has occurred prior to the Credit Event Determination Date or the 
Event Effective Date, as the case may be: 
(i) 
if Auction Settlement is applicable in the Final Terms: the provisions of Condition 6.3 shall apply. 
(ii) 
if Cash Settlement is applicable in the Final Terms: the provisions of Condition 6.44 shall apply 
(iii) 
if Physical Settlement is applicable in the Final Terms: the provisions of Condition 6.5 shall apply. 
D. 
If a Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurs in relation to any Reference Entity then, unless the 
Issuer elects otherwise, the timing requirements that pertain to settlement of the CLNs or of the Credit-
Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall stand still and remain suspended until such date (the 
Suspension End Date) as ISDA subsequently publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved (a) the matters described in the Definition of Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date or (b) not to determine such matters. Upon the occurrence of the relevant 
Suspension End Date, the relevant timing requirements of the relevant Settlement Method that have 
previously been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such Suspension End Date (such 
terms, the Suspension Terms). 
E. 
With regard to the Conditions to Settlement 
(i) 
each Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information will be given in accordance with 
Condition 19 and may be given irrespective of whether the relevant Credit Event is continuing or whether 
the dates of such notices fall after the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
when the Calculation Agent is not the Guarantor nor the Pledgor, all notices must also be sent to them. 
Failure to send a Credit Event Notice to the Guarantor and the Pledgor shall not affect the validity of the 
notices sent by the Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
no Publicly Availably Information shall be required in circumstances where ISDA publicly announces on 
or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations

--- Page 233 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
233 
 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the 
relevant Reference Entity or Reference Obligation thereof. 
F. 
Where the Credit Event relates to a Reference Entity which is a Successor, then 
(i) 
the provisions of Conditions 6 and 7 shall apply only in respect of the relevant CLNs or of the relevant 
Credit-Linked Portion; 
(ii) 
the relevant tranche(s) shall be partially redeemed upon the satisfaction of the Issuer's obligations under 
Conditions 6 and 7; 
(iii) 
the relevant tranche(s) shall remain outstanding (until the earlier of the Maturity Date or a Credit Event in 
respect of all outstanding tranche(s)) and shall continue to accrue interest, if applicable; and 
(iv) 
all references to "the CLNs" in Conditions 6 and 7 and shall be read and construed as references to "the 
relevant tranche(s) of CLNs". 
G. 
Where the CLNs are First/nth-to-Default CLNs, the Calculation Agent shall give a Credit Event Notice in 
respect of the First/nth Credit Event to occur in relation to any of the Reference Entities. If a Credit Event 
occurs with respect to more than one/"n" Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent shall in good faith 
select which Reference Entity/Entities shall be deemed to be subject to these Credit Event provisions. 
H. 
Where the CLNs are Basket CLNs or Index-Linked CLNs, there may be multiple Credit Event 
Determination Dates but only one Credit Event Determination Date in respect of each Reference Entity. 
A Credit Event Determination Date in respect of more than one Reference Entity may occur on any one 
date. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions herein set out the mechanics that apply in respect of one 
Reference Entity and shall apply severally to each Reference Entity for Basket CLNs. 
I. 
Where Restructuring is specified in the Final Terms as being an applicable Credit Event, there may be 
more than one Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the same Reference Entity, and the 
provisions of Condition 7 will apply. 
6.3 
AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS 
Upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement in relation to any Reference Entity, if Auction Settlement is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the Final Terms, settlement of the Credit Event Portion of the 
CLNs shall take place by payment by the Issuer of the Auction Settlement Amount on the Auction Settlement 
Date, provided that if there is more than one Holder, each Holder shall be paid its pro rata share of the Auction 
Settlement Amount. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, but without duplication, if (a) an Auction Cancellation Date occurs, (b) a No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs, (c) ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, not to determine 
whether or not an event constitutes a Credit Event, (d) ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Restructuring has occurred 
or (e) the Issuer elects that Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement shall apply instead (such election to be made 
at any time prior to the Business Day falling immediately prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date), 
settlement of the Credit Event Portion of the CLNs shall take place in accordance with Condition 6.44 or, as 
applicable, Condition 6.5. 
If Unwind Cost is specified as applicable in the relevant final Terms, the Issuer shall pay the Auction Settlement 
Amount subject to adjustment after taking into consideration the Unwind Cost.

--- Page 234 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
234 
 
For the purpose of this Condition, the Auction Settlement Amount shall be considered as the Final Settlement 
Amount. 
6.4 
CASH SETTLEMENT TERMS 
Upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement in relation to any Reference Entity, if (a) Cash Settlement is 
specified as the Settlement Method in the Final Terms or (b) Cash Settlement is specified as the Fallback 
Settlement Method in the Final Terms or (c) Cash Settlement is applicable in accordance with Conditions 6.3(e), 
6.4 or 6.6, settlement of the Credit Event Portion of the CLNs shall, subject to the Suspension Terms, take place 
by payment by the Issuer of the Cash Settlement Amount on the Cash Settlement Date. If there is more than one 
Holder, each Holder shall be paid its pro rata share of the Cash Settlement Amount as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith. If the Cash Settlement Amount is zero, such amount shall be deemed to be paid 
on the Cash Settlement Date. 
If Unwind Cost is specified as applicable in the relevant final Terms, the Issuer shall pay the Cash Settlement 
Amount subject to adjustment after taking into consideration the Unwind Cost. 
Unless Conditions 6.5 or 6.6 apply and subject to the Suspension Terms, the Calculation Agent, may give ten 
Business Days' prior notice (the Notice of Valuation Obligations) to the Holders (the date stated in such notice 
being the Valuation Obligations Notice Date) of: 
(a) 
a detailed description of the Deliverable Obligations (for such purpose, the Valuation Obligations) 
and/or cash that comprise the Portfolio ; 
(b) 
the estimated aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligations that are intended to 
be valued and the estimated Outstanding Principal Balance of each such Valuation Obligation; and 
(c) 
the Valuation Date(s) on which the Valuation Obligations are to be valued. 
The Calculation Agent may serve subsequent Notices of Valuation Obligations to change the Valuation Date(s) 
and/or one or more of the Valuation Obligation(s) or the amount of cash specified in the Notice of Valuation 
Obligations and/or the detailed description thereof at any time on or prior to the tenth Business Day before the 
final Valuation Date and the last Notice of Valuation Obligations served within this period shall override all 
previous such notices. The Calculation Agent may correct any errors or inconsistencies in the detailed 
description of the Valuation Obligations specified in the Notice of Valuation Obligations by notice to the 
Calculation Agent and the Holders at any time prior to the applicable Valuation Date(s). 
On the Valuation Date(s), the Calculation Agent shall commence determination of the Final Price using the 
Valuation Obligations specified in the Notice of Valuation Obligations (or, if Conditions 6.5 or 6.6 apply, using 
the Undelivered Portion only of the Valuation Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement). 
In determining the Final Price, the Calculation Agent may make any other determination that it deems relevant, 
acting in good faith and using all relevant data and financial information available to it, in particular the 
valuations obtained by the Calculation Agent under the Hedging Transaction, if applicable. 
6.5 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT TERMS 
Upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement in relation to any Reference Entity, if (a) Physical Settlement 
is specified as the Settlement Method in the Final Terms or (b) Physical Settlement is specified as the Fallback 
Settlement or (c) Physical Settlement is applicable in accordance with Condition 6.3(e), then the Issuer may, 
subject to the Suspension Terms, redeem the Credit Event Portion of the CLNs by procuring the Delivery to each 
Holder of its pro rata share of the Portfolio (a) reduced by an amount of Deliverable Obligations determined by 
the Calculation Agent as a consequence of the Credit Event, in good faith, to equal in value the Delivery 
Expenses in respect of such proportion of the Portfolio and (b) rounded down to the nearest integral authorised

--- Page 235 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
235 
 
denomination of the relevant Deliverable Obligation(s) to be delivered (the amount of such Deliverable 
Obligations, the Physical Settlement Amount), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith, and 
irrespective of whether the relevant Credit Event is continuing. 
If Unwind Cost is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay the Physical Settlement 
Amount subject to adjustment after taking into consideration the Unwind Cost. 
In order to redeem the CLNs by delivery of the Portfolio, the Calculation Agent shall give at least ten Business 
Days' prior notice (the Notice of Physical Settlement and the date of such notice, the Delivery Commencement 
Date) to the Holders of: 
(a) 
the Delivery Commencement Date 
(b) 
the Physical Settlement Date 
(c) 
a detailed description of the Deliverable Obligations and/or cash that will constitute the Portfolio 
(d) 
the estimated Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligation(s) that are to be delivered and 
the CUSIP or ISIN number of each Deliverable Obligation(s) if available (if such identifying number is 
not available the rate and tenor of the Deliverable Obligation(s)); and 
(e) 
the method by which the Holders must provide their settlement instructions to the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent. 
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent may serve subsequent Notices of Physical Settlement to change the Physical 
Settlement Date and/or one or more of the Deliverable Obligation(s) or the amount of cash comprising the 
Portfolio and/or the detailed description of the Deliverable Obligation(s) at any time on or prior to the Physical 
Settlement Date and the last Notice of Physical Settlement served within this period shall override all previous 
such notices. The Issuer may correct any errors or inconsistencies in the detail description of the Deliverable 
Obligation(s) by notice to the Calculation Agent and the Holders at any time prior to the date of delivery of the 
Portfolio. 
Holders shall notify the Calculation Agent within five (5) Business Days of delivery of the Notice of Physical 
Settlement of their instructions for settlement in any major financial centre of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Portfolio. Delivery shall be made in accordance with the market practice applicable to the 
Deliverable Obligation on the Physical Settlement Date, subject to the Suspension Terms set out below. If an 
obligation by its terms represents or contemplates an obligation to pay an amount greater than the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of such obligation as of the Physical Settlement Date as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance, the Outstanding Principal Balance of such obligation shall not include 
such additional amount. 
Subject to Condition 6.6 and the Suspension Terms, if the CLNs have not been redeemed by delivery of the 
Portfolio in accordance with this Condition 6.5 on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date then Condition 6.4 
shall be deemed to apply and the Valuation Date for such purposes will be the date which is three Business Days 
after the Physical Settlement Date, the Valuation Obligations for such purposes shall be the Deliverable 
Obligations and the Cash Settlement Date will be the later of (i) the thirtieth (30) Business Day following the 
determination of the Final Price and (ii) the date on which settlement of any Hedging Transaction occurs. 
6.6 
FALLBACK TO CASH SETTLEMENT IF PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT IS IMPOSSIBLE OR 
ILLEGAL 
If it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to Deliver or for any Holder to receive any Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Portfolio in accordance with Condition 6.5 as a result of a Settlement Disruption Event, any event 
which is beyond the control of the Issuer or a Holder (including, without limitation the inability to purchase the

--- Page 236 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
236 
 
Deliverable Obligations despite the Issuer’s reasonable efforts) or otherwise, then the Issuer shall deliver the 
portion of Deliverable Obligations which is possible and legal to deliver with an explanation in writing of the 
reasons for non-delivery of the rest of the Deliverable Obligations (such remainder being the Undelivered 
Portion). If the impossibility or illegality continues for more than 30 days after the Physical Settlement Date (the 
Final Delivery Date), then Condition 6.5 shall apply with respect to the Undelivered Portion that cannot be 
delivered and the relevant CLNs which have not been redeemed as a consequence, and the Valuation Date for 
such purposes will be the date which is three Business Days after the Final Delivery Date (such date, the 
Fallback to Cash Settlement Valuation Date) and the Valuation Obligations for such purposes shall be the 
Deliverable Obligations comprising the Undelivered Portion. Where the provisions of this Condition 6.6 apply, 
the final Valuation Date being the later of (a) 135 Business Days after the Credit Event Determination Date and 
(b) the Fallback to Cash Settlement Valuation Date with the Cash Settlement Date will be the later of (i) the 13th 
Business Day (or such shorter period as determined by the Calculation Agent) following the determination of the 
Final Price and (ii) the date on which settlement of any Hedging Transaction occurs. 
6.7 
ALTERNATIVE SETTLEMENT FOR CERTAIN LOANS IN RESPECT OF PHYSICAL 
SETTLEMENT 
If the Issuer is unable to deliver by way of assignment or novation certain Loan(s) (Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation(s)) due to the non-receipt of any requisite consents and such consents are not obtained or deemed 
given by the 13th day following the Delivery Commencement Date, the Issuer shall be released from any 
obligation to deliver such Undeliverable Loan Obligation and the Issuer shall, from time to time, deliver to each 
Holder any amount received by it in respect of the Undeliverable Loan Obligation(s) during the period 
commencing on the Delivery Commencement Date and expiring on the Business Day which is one year after the 
Delivery Commencement Date (Alternative Settlement End Date), provided that such amounts received are 
able to be transferred to the Holder(s) and on the Alternative Settlement End Date the Issuer shall be released 
from its requirement to perform any outstanding or future (contingent or otherwise) obligation with respect to the 
CLNs and the CLNs shall be cancelled forthwith on the Alternative Settlement End Date. 
If the Issuer, at any time before the Alternative Settlement End Date, obtains or is deemed to be given consent to 
assign or novate any outstanding Undeliverable Loan Obligation(s) the Issuer may, or if it is requested by the 
Holder, shall use reasonable endeavours to, assign or novate such Undeliverable Obligation(s) to the Holder(s), 
after which the CLNs shall be cancelled forthwith and all obligations (outstanding or otherwise) of the Issuer 
with respect to the CLNs shall be immediately discharged thereafter. 
6.8 
ADJUSTMENT EVENTS  
If the Calculation Agent determines, in good faith, at any time prior to the expiration of the Notice Delivery 
Period, one of the events specified in sub Conditions A to E below (each an Adjustment Event) has occurred 
and is continuing, the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) determine any adjustment to any term 
or condition of the CLNs or of the Hybrid Securities, which it deems appropriate in the context of the CLNs or 
of the Hybrid Securities issuance. The Issuer or the Calculation Agent shall notify Holders of any adjustment 
made pursuant to this Condition 6.8 as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with Condition 19. If the 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may (but shall not be 
obliged to) request the Issuer to notify the Holders of an early settlement of the CLNs or of the Credit-Linked 
Portion of the Hybrid Securities in which case the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the CLNs or under 
the Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities and shall pay to the Holders the Fair Market Value, as 
deemed appropriate by the Calculation Agent in good faith, after having taking into account the Unwind Costs is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. If Capitalised Fair Market Value is applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to the Capitalised Fair Market Value which for the purposes 
of this paragraph means the fair market value of the CLN of of the Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid Security 
capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary 
Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index, or any other rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 237 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
237 
 
The following events shall constitute an Adjustment Event: 
A. 
Hedging Disruption 
 means in respect of CLN or Credit-Linked Portion of Hybrid Securities that have one or more Reference Entity 
that as determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent, an Adjustment Event that will be deemed to have 
occurred and be continuing if the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates is unable after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) that it deems necessary to hedge the credit price risk relating to the CLNs or to the 
Credit-Linked Portion of Hybrid Securities (or any other relevant price risk including but not limited to the 
currency, interest rate risk relating to the CLNs or to the Credit-Linked Portion of Hybrid Securities) or (ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such type of transaction(s) or asset(s). 
B. Change in Law  
means in respect of CLN or Credit-Linked Portion of Hybrid Securities that have one or more Reference Entity 
that as determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent, an Adjustment Event that will be deemed to have 
occurred and be continuing if, on or after the Issue Date (i) due to the adoption of, any change in the application 
or official interpretation of any applicable law or regulation including without limitation, any tax law or (ii) due 
to the promulgation of or any new interpretation or change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it has become unlawful, illegal or 
impossible for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to hold the CLNs or Credit-Linked Portion of Hybrid 
Securities or for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to hold, dispose of or acquire Hedging Transactions or it 
will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the CLN or under the Credit-Linked 
Portion of Hybrid Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
C. Increased cost of hedging 
means in respect of CLN or Credit-Linked Portion of Hybrid Securities that have one or more Reference Entity 
that as determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent, an Adjustment Event that will be deemed to have 
occurred and be continuing if there is an increase in the actual or potential cost (which shall include any tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions)) to the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to (i) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hedging Transaction(s) with respect to the 
relevant CLNs or Credit-Linked Portion of Hybrid Securities or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such Hedging Transaction(s) provided that any increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates shall not be deemed to be an Adjustment Event. 
D. Adjustment to or replacement of an Index 
(i) 
Calculation and publication of an Index by a sponsor 
If an Index ceases to be calculated and/or published by the Sponsor(s) of such Index on the Valuation Date or on 
an earlier date, but is calculated and/or published by another person, organisation or successor designated by the 
Sponsor or any other competent authority (the New Sponsor), the reference level of the Index shall be 
determined on the basis of the level of the Index as calculated and/or published by the New Sponsor. 
The name of the New Sponsor and the terms and conditions for the calculation and/or distribution of the Index 
shall be transmitted as soon as possible to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19. 
(ii) 
Change in the calculation or replacement of an Index

--- Page 238 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
238 
 
If, on the Valuation Date or an earlier date, the Sponsor or, if applicable, the New Sponsor or any other 
competent authority significantly changes the method of calculating an Index, or if the Sponsor replaces an Index 
with a new Index and such new Index must be used as the new underlying instrument of the CLNs or of the 
Credit-Linked Portion of Hybrid Securities, the Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
use the Index so calculated or replace the Index with the new index, as applicable, by multiplying it, if 
necessary, by a factor that ensures the continuity of the Index used as the underlying instrument for the 
CLNs or Credit-Linked Portion of Hybrid Securities; the Index so calculated or the new index, as 
applicable, as well as the factor, if necessary, shall be notified as soon as possible to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 19; or 
(b) 
proceed with the Substitution of the affected Index 
(iii) 
Non publication or cessation of the calculation of an Index  
If, on a Valuation Date or an earlier date, the Sponsor or the New Sponsor does not publish or definitively stops 
calculating an Index without providing a new Index, or if it is no longer possible to use an Index normally as the 
Index underlying the CLNs or Credit-Linked Portion of Hybrid Securities, the Calculation Agent may proceed 
with the Substitution of the affected Index. 
E. Settlement Disruption Events and Market Disruption Events 
An Adjustment Event will be deemed to have occurred and be continuing if, on or after the Issue Date, a 
Settlement Disruption Event occurs and is continuing. 
If at any time that credit default swap(s) are required to be notionally entered into or terminated pursuant to the 
Conditions, the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that there are, at such time, prevailing market 
conditions (including the liquidity of the relevant market) such that credit default swap(s) cannot not be 
transacted on commercially reasonable terms (whether as to price or otherwise) or it would not otherwise be 
economically viable or it would be impossible or undesirable for any other reason outside the control of the 
Issuer to notionally enter into or terminate credit default swap(s), (such event, a Market Disruption Event), 
then such event shall constitute an Adjustment Event and the Calculation Agent shall determine the adjustments, 
if any, required to be made to any term or Condition of the CLNs , the credit default swap(s) which it determines 
in good faith appropriate as a result thereof. Determinations by the Calculation Agent under this Condition of the 
occurrence of and cessation of a Market Disruption Event shall (i) be made by reference to then prevailing 
market prices, market conditions and confirmations of, or as provided by, one or more independent market 
participants or (ii) be confirmed by a certificate signed by a managing director (or equivalent) of the Issuer. 
F. Credit Adjustment Event of the Hybrid Securities 
If, for an Adjustment Event occurring in respect of the Credit-linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities (a Credit 
Adjustment Event), the Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment specified in subConditions A to 
E as detailed hereabove, is impossible or inappropriate on the date of determination in respect of the Credit 
Adjustment Event (such a date of determination, a Credit Adjustment Event Determination Date) and: 
(i) 
If European Settlement is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(a) 
the Underlying Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall not be affected by the occurrence of 
the Credit Adjustment Event; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the Hybrid Capitalised Fair Market Value of 
the Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities on the Credit Adjustment Event Determination

--- Page 239 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
239 
 
Date for the period commencing on the Credit Adjustment Event Determination Date and ending 
on the Maturity Date;  
(c) 
any interest (if any) shall be managed as specified in the applicable Final Terms in the clause 
“Settlement Interest Accrual”; and 
(d) 
the Hybrid Securities shall be redeemed at their Final Settlement Amount on the Maturity Date, 
provided that, if an Underlying Adjustment Event occurs prior to the occurrence of the Credit Adjustment Event, 
the provisions of Condition 6.8 G shall apply. 
(ii) 
If American Settlement is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the Hybrid Fair Market Value of each of the 
Credit-Linked Portion and of the Underlying Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities on the Credit 
Adjustment Event Determination Date payable by the Issuer no later than thirty (30) Business 
Days following the occurrence of the Credit Adjustment Event Determination Date, unless 
otherwise provided in the Final Terms;  
(b) 
any interest (if any in respect of Hybrid Seurities) shall be managed as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the clause “Settlement Interest Accrual”; and 
(c) 
the Hybrid Securities shall be redeemed at their Final Settlement Amount on the date specified in 
(a) above, 
provided that, if an Underlying Adjustment Event occurs prior to the occurrence of the Credit Adjustment Event, 
the provisions of Condition 6.8G (ii) shall apply. 
(iii) 
If Settlement by Instalments is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the following provisions 
shall apply in respect of the relevant Instalment Amount: 
(a) 
the Underlying Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall not be affected by the occurrence of 
the Credit Adjustment Event; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the Hybrid Fair Market Value in respect of the 
Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities on the Credit Adjustment Event Determination 
Date payable by the Issuer no later than thirty (30) Business Days following the occurrence of the 
Credit Adjustment Event Determination Date unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms;  
(c) 
any interest (if any) shall be managed as specified in the applicable Final Terms in the clause 
“Settlement Interest Accrual”; and 
(d) 
the Credit Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall be redeemed at their Instalment Amount 
on the later of the relevant Settlement Date and the date specified in subparagraph (b) above and 
the Underlying Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date on 
their Final Settlement Amount, 
provided that, if an Underlying Adjustment Event occurs prior to the occurrence of the Credit Adjustment Event, 
the provisions of Condition 6.8 G(iii) shall apply. 
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent shall notify Holders of any adjustment made pursuant to this Condition 6.8 
as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with Securities Condition 19.

--- Page 240 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
240 
 
G. Underlying Adjustment Events of the Hybrid Securities 
If the Calculation Agent in good faith determines that an Underlying Adjustment Event has occurred, the 
relevant provisions of Condition 5.8 to 5.17 shall apply (provided that any reference to a "Certificate" or 
"Certificates" shall be replaced by "Hybrid Security" or "Hybrid Securities"). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate (such date of 
determination, an Underlying Adjustment Event Determination Date): 
(i) 
if European Settlement is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(a) 
the Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall not be affected by the occurrence of the 
Underlying Adjustment Event ; 
(b) 
 the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the Hybrid Capitalised Fair Market Value of 
the Underlying Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities on the Underlying Adjustment Event 
Determination Date for the period commencing on the Underlying Adjustment Event 
Determination Date and ending on the Maturity Date;  
(c) 
any interest (if any) shall be managed as specified in the applicable Final Terms in the clause 
“Settlement Interest Accrual”; and 
(d) 
the Hybrid Securities shall be redeemed at their Final Settlement Amount on the Maturity Date, 
provided that, if a Credit Adjustment Event (as defined in Condition 6.8 F) occurs prior to the occurrence of the 
Underlying Adjustment Event, the provisions of Condition 6.8 F(i) shall apply. 
(ii) 
if American Settlement is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(a) 
the Credit-linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall not be affected by the occurrence of the 
Underlying Adjustment Event and the Settlement Amount in respect of the Credit-linked Portion 
of the Hybrid Securities shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate in good faith the Hybrid Fair Market Value of the Underlying 
Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities on the Underlying Adjustment Event Determination Date 
for the period commencing on the Underlying Adjustment Event Determination Date and ending 
on the relevant Settlement Date, payable by the Issuer no later than 30 Business Days following 
the Equity Adjustment Event Determination Date, unless provided otherwise in the Final Terms; 
(c) 
any interest (if any) shall be managed as specified in the applicable Final Terms in the clause 
“Settlement Interest Accrual”; and 
(d) 
the Hybrid Securities shall be redeemed at their Final Settlement Amount on the date specified in 
subparagraph (b) above,  
provided that, if a Credit Adjustment Event occurs prior to the occurrence of the Underlying Adjustment Event, 
the provisions of Condition 6.8 F (ii) shall apply. 
(iii) 
if Settlement by Instalments is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the following provisions 
shall apply to the relevant Instalment Amount:

--- Page 241 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
241 
 
(a) 
the Credit-Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall not be affected by the occurrence of the 
Equity Adjustment Event and the Final Settlement Amount in respect of the Credit-Linked Portion 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate in good faith the Fair Market Value of the Underlying Linked 
Portion of the Hybrid Securities on the Underlying Adjustment Event Determination Date for the 
period commencing on the Underlying Adjustment Event Determination Date and ending on the 
relevant Settlement Date, payable by the Issuer no later than thirty (30) Business Days following 
the Underlying Adjustment Event Determination Date, unless otherwise provided in the Final 
Terms;  
(c) any interest (if any) shall be managed as specified in the applicable Final Terms in the clause 
“Settlement Interest Accrual” (for this purpose, Credit Event Determination Date will mean Underlying 
Adjustment Event Determination Date); and 
(d) 
the Credit Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall be redeemed at the Maturity Date and the 
Underlying Linked Portion of the Hybrid Securities shall be redeemed at their Instalment Amount 
on the later of the relevant Settlement Date and the date specified in subparagraph (b) above, 
provided that, if a Credit Adjustment Event occurs prior to the occurrence of the Underlying Adjustment Event, 
the provisions of Condition 6.8 F (iii) shall apply 
6.9 
UNDERLYING SETTLEMENT AMOUNT  
The Underlying Settlement Amount may be settled by the Issuer on the relevant date by (i) payment of a cash 
amount equal to the Underlying Settlement Amount, as specified in the Final Terms or (ii) by delivery of the 
Quantity of Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments specified or determined as indicated in the Final Terms. 
Physical Settlement shall be effected by the delivery of Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments. No rights to 
dividends on the Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments shall accrue for the benefit of the Holder before such 
date, unless the Final Terms provide otherwise. 
No fractional Share, Fund Unit or Debt Instrument shall be transferred by the Issuer; therefore, in the event of 
fractional shares, fund units or debt instruments, the Issuer shall deliver a whole number of Shares, Fund Units or 
Debt Instruments immediately lower than the Quantity of Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments, and shall pay 
a cash balance to each relevant Holder, in place and instead of this fractional Share, Unit or Debt Instrument, 
calculated by reference to the trading price of the Share or of the Debt Instrument or the Net Asset Value of the 
Fund on the Valuation Date. 
If an event outside the Issuer's control prevents the transfer of the Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments (the 
Delivery Failure), the delivery of the other Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments shall not be affected. 
The physical settlement of the Shares, Units or Debt Instruments affected by the Delivery Failure shall be made 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
The Issuer may, acting in good faith, substitute Cash Settlement for a Physical Settlement, subject to informing 
the Holders in accordance with Securities Condition 19 
6.10 
DETERMINATION OF CREDIT EVENT 
When determining the existence of a Credit Event, the determination shall be made without regard to (a) any 
lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, 
an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation, (b) any actual or alleged unenforceability, 
illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, 
however, described, (c) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the

--- Page 242 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
242 
 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, 
decree or notice, however described or (d) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital 
restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. If 
the Calculation Agent determines that an occurrence constitutes a Credit Event such occurrence will constitute a 
Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon, the circumstances described in above. 
In determining whether a payment failure has (or may have) occurred, the Calculation Agent may rely on 
evidence of non-receipt of funds. 
6.11 
LIABILITIES 
None of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates nor the Guarantor has any duty, obligation or responsibility towards a 
Holder unless otherwise agreed in writing with that Holder or in these Conditions. In particular, without limiting 
the foregoing, none of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates nor the Guarantor need provide information to, act on the 
instruction or request of, find alternative mechanisms for realising money for, or take into account the views of 
any Holder. In taking action against third parties, the Issuer, its Affiliates and the Guarantor may combine 
holdings of debt, securities or other interests as they shall see fit and apply proceeds thereof. The Issuer may only 
waive contractual obligations in respect of the CLNs in writing. 
6.12 
CURRENCY CONVERSION 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, 
will, when determining the Specified Currency equivalent of amounts denominated or payable in currencies 
other than the Specified Currency as set out in the Final Terms, do so by reference to the relevant central bank in 
relation to such Specified Currency at or around the 10.00 a.m. (Paris time) mid spot rate as displayed on the 
relevant Bloomberg Page on the relevant date, or in such other commercially reasonable manner as the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, will determine in good faith, in particular the currency rates used by 
the Calculation Agent. The USD pivot rate shall be used for any determination of a foreign exchange rate 
between two other currencies than USD, provided that such foreign exchange rate is not a Euro foreign exchange 
rate as published by the European Central Bank. 
6.13 
CANCELLATION AND PARTIAL SETTLEMENT 
Upon settlement of any CLN, including satisfaction of the Issuer's obligations under Condition 6 and/or, as the 
case may be, 7, such CLN will be cancelled forthwith save that the CLNs shall be partially redeemed only where 
a Credit Event has occurred with respect to one or more, but not all, tranches of CLNs. 
6.14 
PERFORMANCE OF ISSUER'S OBLIGATIONS 
Any obligation of the Issuer may be performed by an Affiliate or a person designated by the Issuer. If an 
Affiliate and/or a designee performs the obligations of the Issuer hereunder, the Issuer shall be discharged of its 
obligations to the extent of such performance. 
6.15 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO CERTAIN SPECIFIC REFERENCE ENTITIES 
A. 
Additional provisions applicable if Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is 
“Argentine Republic” 
If Argentine Republic is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions 
will apply with respect to this Reference Entity:

--- Page 243 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
243 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of Obligation in Condition 1.2 , any obligation that is a Bond that was issued on 
or prior to June 1, 20054 (other than any Bond constituting a New Security (as defined in the Prospectus 
Supplement of the Republic of Argentina dated January 10, 2005 as the same may be amended or supplemented) 
shall not be considered as an Obligation. 
Notwithstanding the definition of Deliverable Obligation in Condition 1.2 and , any obligation that is a Bond 
that was issued on or prior to June 1, 20055 (other than any Bond constituting a New Security (as defined in the 
Prospectus Supplement of the Republic of Argentina dated January 10, 2005 as the same may be amended or 
supplemented) shall not be considered as a Deliverable Obligation. 
B. Additional provisions applicable if Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is “Hellenic 
Republic” 
If Hellenic Republic is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions 
will apply with repsect to this Reference Entity: 
Notwithstanding the definition of Obligation in Condition 1.2 and , any obligation that is type included in 
Borrowed Money Obligation category and that ws issued or incurred, as the case may be on or prior to February 
1, 2012 shall not be considered as an Obligation. 
Notwithstanding the definition of Deliverable Obligation in Condition 1.2, any obligation that is a Bond or Loan 
Obligation Category ans that was issued or incurred, as the case may be on or prior to February 1, 2012 shall not 
be considered as a Deliverable Obligation. 
C. Additional provisions applicable if Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is “Republic of 
Hungary” 
If Republic of Hungary is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions 
will apply with repsect to this Reference Entity: 
Notwithstanding the definition of Obligation in Condition 1.2 and, Obligation shall include any National Bank 
of Hungary Obligation. 
For the purposes of the applicable Final Terms 
National Bank of Hungary Obligation means any obligation of the national Bank of Hungary (either directly 
or indirectly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor (i) which has the Obligation 
Characteristic “Not Subordinated”, where solely for such purpose of the definition of “Not Subordinated” shall 
be construed as if the National Bank of Hungary were the Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has 
been specified; (ii) which is described by the Obligation Category specified in respect of the Republic of 
Hungary; (iii) which has each of the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary 
and (iv) in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default (as defined below) will cause any 
obligation of the Republic of Hungary in respect of the Obligation Category Borrowed Money to become, with 
the lapse of any grace period and subject to any other requirements under terms of such Borrowed Money 
obligation (including requirements as to the amounts of such default), immediately due and payable pursuant to 
the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation. 
Notwithstanding the definition of Deliverable Obligation in Condition 1.2 and, Deliverable Obligation shall also 
include any National Bank Hungary Deliverable Obligation. 
For the purposes of the applicable Final Terms, 
 
4 Available on the website: http://mecon.gouv.ar/finanzas/dowload/us_prospectus-and-prospectus-supplement.pdf 
5 Available on the website: http://mecon.gouv.ar/finanzas/dowload/us_prospectus-and-prospectus-supplement.pdf

--- Page 244 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
244 
 
National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation means any obligation of the national Bank of Hungary 
(either directly or indicrectly or as provided as provider of a Relevant guarantee), any Successor (i) which has 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic “Not Subordinated”, where solely solely for such purpose the 
definition of “Not Subordinated” shall be construed as if the National Bank of Hungary were the Reference 
Entity and no Reference Obligation has been specified; (ii) which is described by the Deliverable Obligation 
Category specified in the Republic of Hungary; (iii) which has each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary and (iv) in relation to which the occurrence or 
existence of an Event of Default (as defined below) will cause any obligation of the Republic of Hungary in 
respect of the Obligation Category Borrowed Money to become, with the lapse of any grace period and subject 
to any other requirements under terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including requirements as to the 
amounts of such default), immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of such Borrowed Money 
obligation. 
Event of Default means any failure by the National bank of Hungary as issuer or obligor or guarantor of the 
relevant obligation, to make, when due any payment of principal or premiem or prepayment charge or interest, if 
any on such obligation. 
D. Additional provisions applicable if Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is “Russian 
Federation” 
If Russian Federation is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions 
will apply with respect to this Reference Entity: 
Notwithstanding the definition of Obligation in Condition 1.2 and 3, any obligation that is in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, “IANS”, “MINFINS” or “PRINs” shall not be considered as an Obligation. 
Notwithstanding the definition of Deliverable Obligation in Condition 1.2, any obligation that is in the 
determination of the Calulation Agent, “IANS”, “MINFINS” or “PRINs” shall not be considered as shall not be 
considered as a Deliverable Obligation. 
“IANS” means floating rate interest notes due 2002 and 2015 issued by Vnesheconombank of the USSR 
pursuant to the Restructuring Agrement and an Exchange Agreement, dated as of 6 October 1997 among 
Vnesheconombank of the USSR, the closing agent and the Participating creditors named therein.  
“MINFINS” means Internatioal Governenemnt Hard Currency Bonds issued by the Ministry of Finance of the 
Russian Federation representing (i) restructured debt of the former USSR (Series I, II, III, IV and VIII) or (ii) 
debt of the Russian Federation issued in 1996 (Series VI and VII). 
“PRINs” means Vnesheconombank’s loans arising under a Restructuring Agreement and an Exchange 
Agreement dated as of 6 October 1997, among Vnes heconombank of the USSR, the Closing Agent and the 
Participating Creditors named therein. 
E. Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is 
“STMicroelectronics N.V” 
If “STMicroelectronics N.V” is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity: 
If the applicable Final Terms specifiy that Cash Settlement is applicable: 
With Repsect to the Reference Entity “STMicroelectronics N.V”, if the USD 1,217,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior 
Convertible Bond due 2013 issued by STMicroelectronics N.V is an Obligation; and such Obligation is not 
immediately due and payable as of the relevant Valuation Date, for the purpose of determining the Quotation

--- Page 245 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
245 
 
Amount of such Obligation, the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Obligation shall be deemed to be the 
amount payable on the scheduled maturity date of such Obligation. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifiy that Physical Settlement is applicable: 
With Repsect to the Reference Entity “STMicroelectronics N.V”, if the USD 1,217,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior 
Convertible Bond due 2013 isued by STMicroelectronics N.V is a Deliverable Obligation; and such Deliverable 
Obligation is not immediately due and payable as of where such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of such Deliverable Obligation shall be deemed to be the amount payable on the 
scheduled maturity date of such Deliverable Obligation. 
F. Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is a 
Venezuelan Entity 
1. These terms shall apply whenever the Reference Entity or an Underlying Obligor is a Covered Reference 
Entity, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. The Final Terms shall be deemed to specify that these 
terms do not apply if it includes a term that has been published by ISDA for purposes of specifying that these 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations do not apply. 
2. A “Covered Reference Entity” means: 
a. República Bolivariana de Venezuela (“Venezuela”); 
b. Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A. (“PdVSA”); 
c. any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of Venezuela, including the Central Bank of Venezuela 
and PdVSA; and 
d. any person owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any entity referred to in Paragraphs 1.a.-1.c. 
above. 
3. “Order” shall mean: the Executive Order 13808 of August 24, 2017 “Imposing Additional Sanctions With 
Respect to the Situation in Venezuela” or subsequent executive order, legislation, regulation or similar action 
implemented by the United States Office of Foreign Asset Control (“OFAC”) imposing a sanction on debt of a 
Covered Reference Entity (an “Order”). 
4. Subject to paragraph 5 below, “Restricted Debt” shall mean: 
a. debt issued or incurred on or after August 25, 2017 with a maturity of greater than 90 days of PdVSA; 
b. debt issued or incurred on or after August 25, 2017 with a maturity of greater than 30 days of a Covered 
Reference Entity, other than debt of PdVSA covered by Paragraph 4(a) herein; 
c. bonds issued by a Covered Reference Entity prior to August 25, 2017; and 
d. any other debt that is covered by an Order. 
5. Any debt that would be Restricted Debt pursuant to Paragraph 4 above shall not be Restricted Debt if it is: 
a. subject to an exception to an Order, by license, FAQ or other interpretive statement by OFAC; or 
b. specified in OFAC’s General License 3 to the Order (Authorizing Transactions Related to, Provision of 
Financing for, and Other Dealings in Certain Bonds). 
6. Unless and until all sanctions imposed by any and all Orders are lifted on a Covered Reference Entity, Buyer 
and Seller agree that, notwithstanding the definition of “Obligation”, any obligation that is Restricted Debt shall 
be an “Excluded Obligation”. 
7. Unless and until all sanctions imposed by any and all Orders are lifted on a Covered Reference Entity, Buyer 
and Seller agree that, notwithstanding the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”, any obligation that is 
Restricted Debt shall be an “Excluded Deliverable Obligation”.

--- Page 246 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
246 
 
8. An ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine whether any debt is subject to an 
exception to the definition of Restricted Debt pursuant to Paragraph 5(a) above or whether all sanctions have 
been lifted pursuant to Paragraphs 6 and 7 above. 
 
7. RESTRUCTURING CREDIT EVENT APPLICABLE 
For the purpose of the present Condition 7, the term CLN means, as the case may be, the CLN, the Credit Linked 
Portion of the Hybrid Securities and, with respect to Credit Linked Warrant, any reference to CLN herein shall 
be understood as a reference to Credit Linked Warrant.. 
7.1 
MULTIPLE CREDIT EVENT NOTICES 
Where Restructuring is an applicable Credit Event in relation to any Reference Entity, unless otherwise specified 
in the Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a Restructuring Credit Event in relation to such Reference Entity: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver Multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such Restructuring 
Credit Event, each such notice setting forth the aggregate outstanding principal amount to which such 
Restructuring Credit Event applies (the Exercise Amount); 
(b) 
the provisions of these Conditions shall be deemed to apply to an aggregate outstanding principal amount 
equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the provisions shall be construed accordingly; and 
(c) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing a Restructuring must be an 
amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Specified Currency (or, if Japanese Yen 100,000,000 units) 
in which the aggregate outstanding principal amount is denominated or an integral multiple thereof or the 
entire aggregate outstanding principal amount 
In the case of a First/nth-to-Default CLN, once the Conditions to Settlement have been satisfied in respect of the 
First/nth Reference Entity where the Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event 
Notices may be delivered in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
7.2 
RESTRUCTURING MATURITY LIMITATION DATE AND FULLY TRANSFERABLE 
OBLIGATION APPLICABLE 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified in the 
Final Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then a Deliverable 
Obligation may be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement and may be included in the Portfolio only if it: 
(a) 
is a Fully Transferable Obligation; and 
(b) 
has a final maturity date not later than the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
7.3 
MOD R (2014 CLN) 
If "Mod R" is specified in the Final Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event 
Notice, then a Deliverable Obligation may be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement and may be included 
in the Portfolio only if it: 
(a) 
is a Fully Transferable Obligation; and 
(b) 
has a final maturity date not later than the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date.

--- Page 247 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
247 
 
7.4 
MODIFIED RESTRUCTURING MATURITY LIMITATION DATE AND CONDITIONALLY 
TRANSFERABLE OBLIGATION APPLICABLE 
If "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" are 
specified in the Final Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then a 
Deliverable Obligation may be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement only if it: 
(a) 
is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation; and 
(b) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
7.5 
MOD MOD R (2014 CLN) 
If "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit 
Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may be 
included in the Entitlement only if it: 
(a) 
is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation; and 
(b) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in 
each case, as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging 
Arrangements. For the purposes of this paragraph only and notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a 
Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the 
final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
7.6 
SOVEREIGN REFERENCE ENTITIES 
Solely in respect of a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Sovereign Reference Entity, Deliverable 
Obligation means any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation that is (i) payable in an amount equal to its 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, s applicable (ii) is not subject to any counterclaim 
or defence or right of set off by or of such Sovereign Reference Entity or as applicable an Underlying Obligor 
and (iii) in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee other than an Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, capable as of the 
Physical Settlement Date or the Valuation Date as applicable of immediate assertion or demand by or on behalf 
of the holder or holders against such Sovereign Reference Entity for an amount at least equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount being delivered or valued apart from the giving of any notice of 
non-payment or similar procedural requirement it being understood that acceleration of the Underlying 
Obligation shall not be considered a procedural requirement.

--- Page 248 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
248 
 
8. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO MONOLINE REFERENCE ENTITIES 
For the purpose of the present Condition 8, the term CLN means, as the case may be, the CLN, the Credit Linked 
Portion of the Hybrid Securities. 
8.1 
INTERPRETATION OF PROVISIONS 
In the event that an Obligation, a Deliverable Obligation or a Valuation Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the 
second part of the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" starting with "If an Obligation" will apply, with 
references to the Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include 
the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(a) 
the terms "Borrowed Money" and "Bond" shall be deemed to include distributions payable under an 
Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, Bond 
shall be deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" shall be 
construed accordingly; 
(b) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" to the guarantor and 
guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively 
(c) 
if "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", or "Transferable" are specified as Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics applicable to the Reference Entity to which these additional terms are applied 
and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured 
Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; and 
(d) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum Maturity Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
8.2 
OBLIGATION AND DELIVERABLE OBLIGATION 
The definitions of "Obligation" and "Deliverable Obligation" and are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying 
Policy" after "or as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee". 
8.3 
OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL BALANCE 
References in the definition of “Outstanding Principal Balance” in Condition 1.2 above to a Guarantee, the 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, the Insured 
Instrument and the Insured Obligor respectively. Any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in 
respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority of 
payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured Instrument shall be 
disregarded for the purpose of the definition of “Outstanding Principal Balance” in Condition 1.2 above, 
provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying 
Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to 
be made absent any such limitation or reduction. By incorporating this provision in a document, no inference 
should be made as to the interpretation of the "Not Contingent" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the 
context of limited recourse or similar terms applicable to Deliverable Obligations other than Qualifying Policies.

--- Page 249 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
249 
 
8.4 
DELIVER 
The term "deliver" with respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying Policy means to deliver both the Insured 
Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised 
custodian representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and 
"delivery" and "delivered" will be construed accordingly 
8.5 
PROVISIONS FOR DETERMINING A SUCCESSOR 
The definition of "Successor" in Condition 1.2 is hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after each 
occurrence of “a Relevant Guarantee”and by adding "or provider of a Qualifying Policy" after "as guarantor or 
guarantors". 
8.6 
ORIGINAL NON-STANDARD REFERENCE OBLIGATION, SUBSTITUTE REFERENCE 
OBLIGATION AND SUBSTITUTION EVENT 
The definitions of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation", "Substitute Reference Obligation" and 
"Substitution Event" in Condition 1.2 are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a guarantee". 
8.7 
RESTRUCTURING 
(a) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) of the definition of 
“Restructuring” in Condition 1.2 are amended to read as follows: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in the definition thereof 
that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in the definition thereof that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of the 
Instrument Payments described in the definition thereof or (B) the payment of the Instrument 
Payments described in the definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (A) any Obligation under a Qualifying Policy in 
respect of Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation or (B) any Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument 
to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood that, for this purpose, Subordination 
will be deemed to include any such change that results in a lower ranking under a priority of 
payments provision applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are guaranteed or insured 
by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which, in the case of the euro, shall 
mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(b) 
Subparagraph (b)(iv) of the definition of “Restructuring” in Condition 1.2 is deleted in its entirety and 
replaced by the following:

--- Page 250 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
250 
 
“the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(a)(i) to (a)(v) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from 
a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that 
in respect of paragraph (a)(v) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or inancial 
condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into another 
currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority or a Member State of 
the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority or, in the case of Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) the Qualifying 
Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument Payments will be 
made on the same dates on which the Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such Instrument 
Payments would be made prior to such event and (B) such event is not a change in the ranking in 
the priority of payment of the Qualifying Policy”. 
(c) 
The definition of "Restructuring" is amended and the Paragraphs (c) and (d) of the definition of 
“Restructuring” in Condition 1.2 are deleted in their entirety and replaced by the following:  
“(c) 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is 
specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, paragraph (f) below and the definition of 
Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for 
which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an 
Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to refer 
to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (b) above shall continue 
to refer to the Reference Entity. 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (a)(i) to (a)(v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such 
exchange. 
(e) 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is 
specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, paragraph (f) below and the definition of 
Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for 
which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy 
and an Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to 
refer to the Insured Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (b) above shall 
continue to refer to the Reference Entity.  
(f) 
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final 
Terms, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (e) above, the 
occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (a)(i) to (a)(v) 
above shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation.” 
8.8 
FULLY 
TRANSFERABLE 
OBLIGATION 
AND 
CONDITIONALLY 
TRANSFERABLE 
OBLIGATION 
In the event that a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, 
the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of the relevant definition and, if the benefit of the Qualifying 
Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be 
transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument. References in the definition of Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, 
respectively. With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in the definition of Restructuring Maturity

--- Page 251 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
251 
 
Limitation Date, shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Interest Balance will occur. 
 
9. INTERPRETATION 
If the Obligation Characteristic "Listed" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as 
though Listed had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds and shall only be 
relevant if the relevant Obligation constitutes or, in the case of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or Qualifying 
Guarantee, as the case may be, is in respect of, Bonds (as set out in the Final Terms). 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Bearer" is specified in the Final Terms, 
the Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds and shall only be relevant if the relevant 
Obligation constitutes or, in the case of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or Qualifying Guarantee, as the case 
may be, is in respect of, Bonds (as set out in the Final Terms); (ii) the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
"Transferable" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans (and shall only be relevant to the extent that the relevant obligation 
constitutes or, in the case of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or Qualifying Guarantee, as the case may be, is in 
respect of, obligations other than Loans (as set out in the Final Terms)); or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in Final 
Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans and shall only be relevant if the 
relevant Obligation constitutes or, in the case of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or Qualifying Guarantee, as the 
case may be, is in respect of, Loans (as set out in the Final Terms). 
If the relevant Obligation constitutes or, in the case of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or Qualifying Guarantee, 
as the case may be, is in respect of, any of Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan Loans (as set out in the 
Final Terms) and more than one of Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan and Direct Loan Participation are 
specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that 
satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(a) 
For purposes of determining whether such obligation is Borrowed Money, Bond or Loan, the Qualifying 
Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the relevant definitions as those that describe the Underlying 
Obligation 
(b) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, both the Qualifying Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if 
any, specified in the Final Terms from the following list: Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency and Not Domestic Law. For these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, (A) the lawful currency of any of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the United 
States of America or the euro shall not be a Domestic Currency and (B) the laws of England and the laws 
of the State of New York shall not be a Domestic Law. 
(c) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Qualifying Guarantee must satisfy on the relevant date the Obligation 
Characteristic or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Not Subordinated, if specified in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 252 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
252 
 
(d) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date each of the applicable 
Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the Final 
Terms from the following list: Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, 
Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. 
(e) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer to 
the Underlying Obligor. 
(f) 
The terms "Outstanding Principal Balance" and "Due and Payable Amount", when used in connection 
with Qualifying Guarantees are to be interpreted to be the then "Outstanding Principal Balance" or "Due 
and Payable Amount", as applicable, of the Underlying Obligation which is supported by a Qualifying 
Guarantee. 
10. NO REQUIREMENT FOR LOSS 
Nothing in the Conditions shall require the Issuer to hold the whole or any part of any Reference Obligation at 
any time and this Supplement will apply irrespective of the Issuer's credit exposure to the Reference Entity or the 
Reference Obligation, and the Issuer need not suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as the result of the 
occurrence of a Credit Event. 
11. TAXATION AND DELIVERY EXPENSES 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged 
to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, 
presentation and surrender for payment, or enforcement of any CLN and all payments made by the Issuer shall 
be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, 
withheld or deducted. For the avoidance of doubt the Issuer shall have no obligation to 'gross up' payments 
hereunder and shall be entitled to reduce any amount payable by it by, or reduce the amount of Deliverable 
Obligations deliverable by it by an amount of any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be 
required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. All expenses including any applicable depositary charges, 
transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, and/or other taxes or duties arising from the 
holding, delivery and/or transfer of Obligations or any other assets in connection with the issue or performance 
of the CLNs shall be for the account of the Holders (the Delivery Expenses). 
12. CALCULATION AGENT 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent provided 
that it shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent. Notice of any such termination or appointment will 
promptly be given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19. 
Subject to the express provisions of this CLN, if any provision of this CLN Base Prospectus permits a 
determination or calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent, acting in any capacity, during a particular 
period of time, it may make it at any time during that period and no failure or delay to make it at a particular time 
within such period shall be deemed to be a waiver of its ability to make it later in that period or in any 
subsequent period during which it may make it. 
The Calculation Agent is acting solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or 
any relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Holder, and any determination and/or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and binding on the Issuer and the Holders.

--- Page 253 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
253 
 
13. PAYMENTS 
13.1 
PAYMENT METHOD 
Any Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Securities shall, in the case of administered account 
Securities, be made by transfer to an account denominated in the Settlement Currency and opened with the 
relevant Accredited Financial Intermediaries on behalf of the Holders and, in the case of Securities in pure 
registered form, to an account denominated in the Settlement Currency with a bank specified by the relevant 
Holders. All payments validly made to such Account Custodians shall discharge the Issuer from its payment 
obligations.  
13.2 
PAYMENTS SUBJECT TO TAX LEGISLATION  
All payments shall be subject to (i) all legislation, regulations, or directives, particularly those of a fiscal nature; 
(ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, or any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 
871(m) of the Code (871(m) Withholding). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding 
imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Securities, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any 
“dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to 
such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law. No commission or fee shall be borne by the Holders at the time of such payments.  
13.3 
DESIGNATION OF THE AGENTS 
The Financial Agent, the Princiapl Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Pledged Account Custodian 
initially designated by the Issuer, as well as their respective designated offices, are listed at the end of this 
document. The Financial Agent and the Principal Paying Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer, and the 
Calculation Agents as independent experts and, in any event, are not bound by any obligation as an agent with 
regard to the Holders. The Issuer reserves the right to amend or terminate at any time the agency capacity of the 
Financial Agent, any paying agent, the Calculation Agent or the Pledged Account Custodian, and to appoint 
additional Financial Agent or Agents, Paying Agent or Agents, Calculation Agent or Agents, or Pledged 
Account Custodian or Custodians provided that there are, at any time:  
(a) 
a Financial Agent;  
(b) 
one or more Registrars and/or Calculation Agents when required by the Conditions;  
(c) 
a Paying Agent in Luxembourg as long as the securities are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; 
(d) 
 a Swiss Paying Agent as long as the securities are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange 
(e) 
a Principal Paying Agent in Paris;  
(f) 
a Pledged Account Custodian; and 
(g) 
any other agent that may be required by any other equity market on which the Securities are listed for 
trading.  
In relation to Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer will maintain a Swiss Paying Agent having a 
specified office in Switzerland which shall at all times be a bank or securities dealer that is subject to supervision 
by FINMA whose duties will be set out in the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement.

--- Page 254 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
254 
 
Any such amendment or change to a designated office must be made known in a notice sent immediately to the 
Holders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 19. 
13.4 
BUSINESS DAYS FOR PAYMENT  
If any payment date in respect of any Security is not a Business Day, the Holder may not claim any payment 
until the following Business Day, nor any other sum because of this postponement, subject to the applicable 
Business Day Convention. In this paragraph, Business Day means a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) (1) on 
which Euroclear France, Clearstream Luxembourg or Euroclear or any other settlement-delivery system or 
depositary used for the relevant Securities (as applicable) operates, (2) on which the banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open in the countries indicated as Additional Financial Markets in the Final Terms, and (3) (a) in 
the case of a payment in a currency other than the euro, when the payment must be made by wire transfer to an 
account with a bank in the relevant currency, a day on which exchange transactions may be performed in said 
currency on the principal financial market of the country in which this currency is legal tender, or (b) in the case 
of a payment in Euros, a day that is a TARGET 2 Business Day.  
13.5 
LATE PAYMENT OR DELIVERY  
In the event of late payment by the Issuer of any sum due in respect of the Securities that do not give entitlement 
to payment of interest, the Issuer must pay each Holder concerned late payment interest that will automatically 
be due without prior formal demand and will be calculated on said sum from the date on which the payment 
should have been made (inclusive) to the effective payment date (exclusive) at the applicable overnight deposits 
rate or any other rate indicated in the Final Terms. Such interest shall be capitalised if it remains due for a period 
greater than one year.  
In the event of late delivery of any Deliverable Underlying due on CLN or all or part of the Quantity of Shares, 
Fund Units or Debt Instruments due on Certificates, the Issuer must pay to each relevant Holder late payment 
interest that shall be automatically due without prior formal demand and will be calculated on the value of said 
Deliverable Underlying or said Quantity of Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments from the scheduled delivery 
date (inclusive) to the effective delivery date (exclusive), at the applicable overnight deposits rate or any other 
rate indicated in the Final Terms. Such interest shall be capitalised if it remains due for a period greater than one 
year.  
14. EARLY TERMINATION EVENT  
Any Holder may, by sending a written notice to the Financial Agent (with a copy to the Issuer), trigger the 
settlement (in the case of Certificates) or settlement (in the case of CLN and Hybrid Securities) of each of the 
Securities (with the exception of Warrants) he holds if one of the following events or circumstances occur: 
(a) 
(x) failure to pay the principal or (y) failure to pay the interest by the Issuer for more than fifteen (15) 
days from the date on which said payment is due and payable; or  
(b) 
failure by the Issuer to perform any one of its obligations in respect of the Securities, failure by the 
Guarantor to perform any one of its obligations in respect of the Exane Guarantee, failure by the Pledgor 
to perform any one of its obligations with respect to the Pledge (this failure may, however, be invoked 
only by a Holder that is a beneficiary of the relevant Pledge), if such failure is not corrected within forty 
five (45) days from the date the Financial Agent receives the notice of said failure given by the Holder of 
the relevant Securities; or  
(c) 
a liquidator, a provisional liquidator, an official receiver or an ad hoc agent, acting pursuant to the 
company law governing the Issuer or a significant portion of its assets, liabilities or holdings is appointed, 
or any person benefiting from a security interest takes possession of all or part of the assets or holdings of 
the Issuer, or the Issuer takes measures to obtain protection or obtains protection from its creditors 
pursuant to the governing legislation, or the Issuer generally ceases to make its payments, or ceases or

--- Page 255 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
255 
 
threatens to cease operating its business, but excluding a merger or reorganisation operation during which 
all the Issuer's assets are transferred and in which all liabilities and debt (including the Securities) of the 
Issuer are assumed by another entity which may continue the activity of the Issuer; or  
(d) 
the Guarantor requests the appointment of a mediator, reaches an amicable settlement with its creditors, 
has ceased to make payments, or a court ruling has ordered the liquidation of the Guarantor or approved a 
plan for full assignment of the Guarantor's business pursuant to court-ordered receivership proceeding, or 
the Guarantor is the subject of similar proceedings or, in the absence of legal proceedings, the Guarantor 
reaches a composition with its creditors, or a resolution is approved by the Guarantor to liquidate or 
dissolve the Guarantor, but excluding a merger or reorganisation operation during which all the 
Guarantor's assets are transferred, or the major portion of the Guarantor's liabilities and debt (including 
the Securities) is assumed by another entity that continues the Guarantor's business; or  
(e) 
the Exane Guarantee (or the Pledge, although this failure may be invoked only by a Holder benefiting 
from the relevant Pledge) would be declared null and void, or claimed as such by the Guarantor.  
The Early Settlement Amount for each Security shall be due upon receipt of this formal notice, with the Issuer 
not requiring any other notice, unless, at the time of this receipt, none of the events or circumstances cited in this 
Condition has occurred. This Condition 14 will not apply to Warrants. 
The occurrence of events or circumstances described above shall be notified by the Pledged Account Custodian 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 as soon as it has knowledge of said events or circumstances. 
15. COLLECTIVE ORGANISATION OF HOLDERS  
As each Security constitutes a separate claim, there shall be no collective organisation of Holders.  
16. TAXATION  
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues in respect of the Securities shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any jurisdiction or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
No gross-up: If any applicable law should require that payments of principal or interest or other revenues in 
respect of any Security, be subject to any such withholding tax or deduction, neither the Issuer, nor the 
Guarantor, nor the Pledgor will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding tax 
or deduction. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor/Pledgor shall not assume any liability or obligation for the payment of any taxes, 
duties, rights, tax withholdings at source or other charges which may result from the ownership or transfer of the 
Securities, and all payments made by the Issuer or, if applicable, by the Guarantor and Pledgor, shall be made 
subject to all taxes, duties, rights, tax withholdings at source or other charges that may have to be discharged, 
paid, taken or deducted. 
17. STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS  
Actions brought against the Issuer in respect of the Securities or interest shall be time barred on the expiry of a 
period of five (5) years (for the principal) or five years (for interest) from the relevant due date.

--- Page 256 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
256 
 
18. PURCHASES AND HOLDING OR CANCELLATION  
The Issuer may at any time make purchases of Securities on the stock market, through a public offer or in any 
other manner.  
All Securities purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held or cancelled in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
Securities purchased by the Issuer for cancellation, shall be cancelled by transfer to an account pursuant to the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear France and provided they are transferred. All such Securities, in the same 
manner as all Securities settled by the Issuer, shall be immediately cancelled (as well as all rights to the payment 
of interest and other amounts in respect of said Securities). Securities so cancelled or transferred for cancellation 
may not be re-issued or resold, and the Issuer shall be discharged from any obligation in respect of such 
Securities.  
19. NOTICES AND NOTIFICATIONS 
Notices to be sent to Holders pursuant to these Conditions may be delivered to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream Luxembourg or to any other central depository(ies), common depository or depository (the System) 
on which the Securities are cleared at that time and as specified in the Final Terms. Such a notice shall be 
considered to have been validly served as of the date on which the System receives the notice. However, as long 
as Securities are listed on any equity market and the rules of this market so require, notices must also be 
published on the website of the relevant Regulated Market, which will, in principle, be the website of 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu ) in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
If such publication cannot, in practice, be made, the notice shall be deemed to have been validly given if it is 
published in a recognised English language daily newspaper widely distributed in Europe. The Holders shall be 
considered to have been informed of the content of such notices on the publication date or, if the notice is 
published several times on different dates, on the first publication date. 
20. SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER  
The Issuer, or any company that had previously been substituted for it, may at any time, without the consent of 
the Holders, substitute as principal debtor of the obligations arising from the Securities any company (the 
Substitute Issuer), which may be the Issuer or another company, provided that: 
(a) 
the Guarantor and the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee the performance of the obligations 
of the Substitute Issuer in respect of the Securities, to the benefit of the Holders, that the Holders 
benefiting from the Pledge shall also continue to benefit therefrom, and that the Guarantor and the 
Pledgor are not in a state of cessation of payments; 
(b) 
all measures, conditions and formalities that must be taken, satisfied and performed (including obtaining 
all consents necessary) in order to guarantee that the Securities constitute for the Substitute Issuer legal 
and enforceable obligations, shall have been taken, satisfied and performed respectively and shall be in 
full force and effect; 
(c) 
such a substitution has no unfavourable tax impact for the Holders; 
(d) 
the Substitute Issuer shall become a party to the Agency Agreement, with all appropriate corresponding 
changes, in the same way as if it had been a party thereto originally;  
(e) 
the Issuer must have advised the Holders of such substitution at least thirty (30) days in advance in 
accordance with Condition 19; 
(f) 
if the Securities are subject to a Moody's rating, any substitution of the Issuer shall also be notified to 
Moody's in the conditions described in subparagraph (e) above. The Substitution of the Issuer will take

--- Page 257 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
257 
 
place upon a prior written notice to Moody's confirming that this substitution will not cause the 
deterioration of the Certificate rating in effect; 
(g) 
in the case of Securities eligible for sale in the United States to “qualified institutional buyers” as defined 
in and in reliance on Rule 144A, the Substitute Issuer would not be required to register as an “investment 
company” under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 
21. SUBSTITUTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
The Guarantor may at any time, without the consent of the Holders, substitute as joint debtor of the obligations 
arising from the Securities any other company (the Substitute Guarantor), provided that: 
(a) 
the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the performance of the obligations of the 
Substitute Guarantor in respect of the Securities, to the benefit of the Holders, that the Holders benefiting 
from the Pledge shall also continue to benefit therefrom, and that the Substitute Guarantor and the 
Pledgor are not in a state of cessation of payments; 
(b) 
all measures, conditions and formalities that must be taken, satisfied and performed (including obtaining 
all consents necessary) in order to guarantee that the Securities constitute for the Substitute Guarantor 
legal and enforceable obligations, shall have been taken, satisfied and performed respectively and shall be 
in full force and effect; 
(c) 
such a substitution has no unfavourable impact for the Holders; 
(d) 
the Issuer must have advised the Holders of such substitution at least thirty (30) days in advance in 
accordance with Condition 19; 
(e) 
if the Securities are subject to a Moody's rating, any substitution of the Guarantor shall also be notified to 
Moody's in the conditions described in subparagraph (d) above. The Substitution of the Guarantor will 
take place upon a prior written notice to Moody's confirming that this substitution will not cause the 
deterioration of the Certificate rating in effect. 
22. SUBSEQUENT ISSUES  
The Issuer shall have the option, without the consent of the Holders, to issue additional 
[Certificates/CLN/Hybrid Securities/ identical in all respects (or identical in all respects, with the exception of 
the first interest payment) to the existing Securities of the same Series, which shall have the same ISIN code. 
The Issuer shall not have the option to issue additional Warrants identical in all respects (or identical in all 
respects, with the exception of the first interest payment) to the existing Warrants of the same Series, which shall 
have the same ISIN code. 
23. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION  
23.1 
GOVERNING LAW  
The Securities shall be governed by French law and shall be construed in accordance with French law.  
In case of any inconsistency between the French and the English versions of the Securities Conditions, the 
French version of the Securities Conditions shall prevail. 
23.2 
JURISDICTION

--- Page 258 ---
Conditions of the Securities 
258 
 
Any claim against the I'suer or the Guarantor in respect of the Securities must be brought before the competent 
courts within the jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal. The Issuer elects domicile at the registered offices of 
the Guarantor for any instrument, formality or procedure filed against it or to which it is a party in respect of the 
Securities.  
24. USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Securities will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. A 
substantial portion of the proceeds from each issue of Securities will be used to establish various hedge financial 
instruments in respect of such Securities. If in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use 
of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
25. SUSPENSION OF TRADING AND DELISTING OF CERTIFICATES 
Securities that are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange(s) or admitted to trading by a relevant 
authority may be suspended from trading and/or delisted at any time in accordance with applicable rules and 
regulations of the relevant regulated market or relevant stock exchange(s)..

--- Page 259 ---
Conditions of the First Demand Guarantee of Exane SA 
259 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE FIRST DEMAND GUARANTEE OF EXANE SA 
in respect of the Securities issued by Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA  
Unofficial free translation for information purposes only of the French language version. In the event of any 
discrepancies, ambiguity or conflict between the French text and this translation, the French text shall 
prevail. 
Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA (the Issuer) may issue under or outside its debt issuance programme (i) any 
securities either (a) linked to one or more, or a combination of, shares, indices, units or shares of collective 
investment schemes, futures contracts, exchange rates, debt instruments, listed options or commodities (the 
Certificates), or (b) linked to the creditworthiness of one or more reference entity/ies (the Credit Linked Notes 
or CLN), or (c) indexed to a combination of one or more Underlyings of the Certificates with one or more credit 
events in respect of one or more reference entities of the CLN (the Hybrid Securities) (together, the Complex 
Debt Securities), (ii) any bonds either (a) linked to one or more, or a combination of, shares, indices, units or 
shares of collective investment schemes, futures contracts, exchange rates, debt instruments, listed options or 
commodities (the Bonds), or (b) linked to the creditworthiness of one or more reference entity/ies (the Credit 
Linked Notes or CLN), or (c) linked to a combination of one or more Underlyings of the Bonds with one or 
more credit events in respect of one or more reference entities of the CLN (the Hybrid Secutities) (together the 
Complex Bonds) and (iii) any warrants (together with the Complex Debt Securities and the Complex Bonds, the 
Exane Securities). The manager of Exane SA has authorised Exane SA (the Guarantor) to grant a first demand 
guarantee in favour of the Holders of Exane Securities (the Holders) with respect to (en consideration de) the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Exane Securities. 
1. 
Exane Guarantee 
The Guarantor hereby independently, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to pay to any Holder of Exane 
Securities, upon first demand by the latter, any amount for which a payment request substantially in the form of 
Schedule 1 (a "Payment Request") has been delivered to the Guarantor, to the extent authorised by its 
Management in the payment currency required, by immediately making the funds available at the payment 
location required before the closing of banking operations on said date (the Exane Guarantee).  
2. 
Joint liability of the guarantor and the Issuer  
The Guarantor hereby recognises that the Exane Guarantee constitutes an independent and autonomous 
undertaking of the Guarantor in accordance with article 2321 of the French Code civil. Therefore, the Guarantor 
cannot claim to benefit from any legal circumstance constituting an exemption from liability or grounds for 
defence arising from the Exane Securities or from any other legal relationship with the Issuer for the purpose of 
delaying or evading payment. For this purpose, the Guarantor recognises that it shall not be discharged, nor shall 
its liability be reduced, at any time, by payment terms, a waiver or an agreement given to the Issuer or to any 
other person, or by the failure of enforcement proceedings brought against the Issuer or any other person. In 
addition, the Guarantor recognises (1) that it shall not be discharged from its obligations if the Issuer's 
obligations under the Exane Securities become null and void because of a problem with the capacity, limitation 
or absence of authority of the Issuer (which includes a lack of capacity of the persons who have entered into the 
agreement on behalf or in the name of the Issuer), (2) that its obligations pursuant to this Exane Guarantee shall 
remain in force and shall continue to produce their effects notwithstanding the dissolution, merger, consolidation 
or reorganisation of the Issuer, or if bankruptcy proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, or any other 
procedure similar to the receivership or liquidation of the Issuer, (3) that it shall not invoke any right of 
subrogation in the rights of the Holders and that it shall not initiate any procedure to obtain the execution of a 
right or any demand against the Issuer as long as amounts remain due by the Issuer in respect of the relevant 
Exane Securities, (4) that its obligations under this Exane Guarantee shall not be dependent upon or subject to 
the validity or the enforcement of any other security granted by the Issuer or any other person to the Holders, nor 
to the existence or the creation of any security to the benefit of the Holders; and (5) that notice or formal demand 
by the Issuer or any other person (except for Payment Requests to be delivered to the Guarantor) is not a 
condition precedent to a payment by the Guarantor under this Exane Guarantee.

--- Page 260 ---
Conditions of the First Demand Guarantee of Exane SA 
260 
 
3. 
Extension of the Guarantor's liability 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Exane Guarantee shall remain in force and shall continue to produce 
all their effects as long as amounts remain oustanding under the Exane Securities.  
4. 
Governing law and jurisdiction  
This Exane Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with French law. The Guarantor hereby 
agrees that the Tribunal de commerce of Paris shall have jurisdiction to rule on any action or proceeding with 
respect to this Exane Guarantee.  
Signed in Paris, 10 August 2020 
EXANE SA 
 
By:Nicolas CHANUT 
Chief Executive Officer

--- Page 261 ---
Conditions of the First Demand Guarantee of Exane SA 
261 
 
Schedule 1 - Form of Payment Request 
 
[By registered letter with acknowledgment of receipt] 
[Holder’s letterhead] 
 
EXANE SA 
To the attention of [name] 
[address] 
On [__], 
Payment demand under your independent first demand guarantee dated [__] 
Dear Madam, Dear Sir, 
We refer to the independent first demand guarantee granted on [__] by your company, as Guarantor, in favour of 
all Holders of Exane Securities (the "Exane Guarantee"). This letter constitutes a Payment Request. 
Capitalised terms used in this letter have the meaning attributed to them in the Exane Guarantee. 
We hereby certify that we currently hold [specify number and types of Exane Securities held by the Holder] 
under which an [aggregate] amount of [__] is due and payable6. We recovered an [aggregate] amount of [__] 
upon enforcement of the pledge over securities account granted by the Issuer to our benefit, leaving a net 
[aggregate] amount of [__] due and payable. 
Therefore, we request that you pay us the amount of [__]7 before the closing of banking operations on the [__] 
date hereof. 
Yours sincerely, 
 
[name of Holder] 
 
______________________________ 
By: 
Title: 
 
 
 
6 If a payment received by a Holder is declared null and void pursuant to any rule governing bankruptcy proceedings or any other procedure 
similar to the receivership or liquidation of the Issuer, such sums may be the subject of a Payment Request as if such sums were still due 
from the Issuer.  
 
7 The amount claimed shall not exceed the amount due and payable under the Exane Securities held by the Holder less the amount of the 
proceeds arising out of the prior enforcement of the pledge over securities account granted by the Issuer in favour of the Holder.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE PLEDGE 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
FORM OF STATEMENT OF PLEDGING OF SECURITIES ACCOUNT 
263 
FORM OF FORMAL DEMAND TO THE ISSUER 
269 
FORM OF INSTRUCTION FOR ENFORCEMENT OF THE PLEDGE 
270 
RELEASE OF THE PLEDGE – FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF VALID SETTLEMENT 
271 
RELEASE OF THE PLEDGE – FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF THE PLEDGED ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN 
272

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
 
FORM OF 
STATEMENT OF PLEDGING OF SECURITIES ACCOUNT  
(Governed by article L. 211-20 and D.211-10 et seq. of the French monetary and financial code) 
THE UNDERSIGNED: 
EXANE DERIVATIVES, a French general partnership (société en nom collectif) with share capital of [●] 
Euros, registered under number 491 294 567 RCS Paris, with registered offices at 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – 
France; 
referred to hereinafter as the 
Pledgor, 
ACTING PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF: 
The debt securities issue programme described in the base prospectus of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA in 
its capacity as Issuer and Exane SA in its capacity as Guarantor and dated 21 July 2021 (the Base Prospectus) as 
supplemented by any supplement relating thereto, if any, and the applicable final terms (the Final Terms) as 
amended and/or supplemented as the case may be with respect to the issue of [number or amount + commercial 
name] – Series No. [●] – ISIN Code: [●] – Issue Date: [●] (the Securities); 
PLEDGES THE FOLLOWING SECURITIES ACCOUNT: 
Pledged Account name: [●] 
Pledged Account number: [●] 
Together with the cash account associated thereto (to which shall be credited any distributions and proceeds 
(fruits et produits) relating to the financial instruments registered to the credit of the Pledged Account) 
referred to hereinafter as the Pledged Account 
OPENED IN THE BOOKS OF: 
[●], [corporate form] with a share capital of [●], registered under number [●] RCS [●] with registered offices at 
[●]; 
referred to hereinafter as the Pledged Account Custodian 
IN WHICH THE FOLLOWING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS HAVE BEEN [INITIALLY] 
REGISTERED: 
 
Quantity 
Description 
ISIN Code 
Currency 
Unit value

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
IN FAVOUR OF THE PLEDGEE(S): 
EXANE DERIVATIVES, the initial subscriber of the Securities described in the Final Terms, residing at 6, rue 
Ménars – 75002 Paris – France, as well as any subsequent Holder of one or more Securities (i) whose name 
appears in the books of an Accredited Financial Intermediary (i.e., any financial institution authorised to hold 
accounts in the name of its clients on Euroclear France or in the books of any other depositary nominated in the 
Final Terms (such as SIX SIS SA in Switzerland), including the current depositary bank of Clearstream Banking, 
a joint stock company, or any bank that may succeed it in this capacity, and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator 
of the Euroclear system) with Euroclear France, in the case of bearer or administered registered Securities, or (ii) 
whose name appears in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registrar in the case of Securities in pure registered 
form. 
each one being hereinafter referred to as the Pledgee 
AS GUARANTEE FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE AMOUNTS DUE IN RESPECT OF THE 
OBLIGATION DEFINED HEREINAFTER: 
 
Each obligation and liability, due under the Securities by the Issuer to the Pledgee, whether payment or delivery 
obligation, whether present or future, actual, contingent or owed jointly or severally (or any other capacity 
whatsoever), the amount of which is determined in accordance with the Final Terms of the Securities and is 
within the limits of the mark to market of the Securities without Issuer spread. 
referred to hereinafter as the Secured Debt 
UNDER THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS: 
Pursuant to the provisions of article L. 211-20 of the French monetary and financial code, the Pledgor pledges in 
favour of the Pledgee(s) the Pledged Account to guarantee the payment of each Secured Debt, about which it 
declares it is fully informed, until payment in full of said debt.  
The Pledgor represents that it has valid and legal title to the Pledged Account and the financial instruments 
described in this statement and that Pledged Account and such financial instruments are not the subject of any 
security, attachment, escrow or encumbrance of any nature whatsoever, other than the Pledge arising from this 
statement. 
The Pledgor grants the Pledge in accordance with the provisions of article 2334 of the French civil code. 
Consequently, the Pledgee(s) may exercise their rights under this Agreement with respect to the Pledged 
Account only, without benefiting from any personal recourse against the Pledgor. 
1. 
Basis of the Pledge  
The amounts in all currencies and the Eligible Financial Instruments in the Pledged Account, the 
amounts and instruments which are substituted therefor or added to them, in any manner, as well as the 
distributions and proceeds (fruits et produits) therefrom in any currency (including any dividend or any 
other distribution in any form) are included in the basis of the Pledge.  
The Pledgor has the option to substitute, in whole or in part, other Eligible Financial Instruments with at 
least an equivalent value without such substitution being a novation of the Pledge.  
2. 
Adjustment of the value of the Pledge  
On each Pledge Calculation Date, until the release of the Pledge, the Pledged Account Custodian must 
determine the total value of the Eligible Financial Instruments and amounts in all currencies in the

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
Pledged Account. If, on a Pledge Calculation Date, this total value is less than the Minimum Pledge 
Value or the Fixed Pledge Value, as set out in the Final Terms, the Pledged Account Custodian must 
inform the Pledgor no later than the Business Day following such determination.  
In that case, the Pledgor shall be required to credit the Pledged Account, no later than two Business 
Days after receipt of the notice from the Pledged Account Custodian, with the number of Eligible 
Financial Instruments or amounts necessary so that the total value of the Eligible Financial Instruments 
and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account is at least equal to the Minimum Pledge Value or 
equal to the Fixed Pledge Value. Any failure by the Pledgor with respect to this obligation to adjust the 
value of the Pledge shall be notified to the Pledgees by the Pledged Account Custodian in accordance 
with Condition 19 within five Business Days of its occurrence.  
Conversely, if, on any Pledge Calculation Date, the total value of the Eligible Financial Instruments and 
amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account is greater than the Minimum Pledge Value or the 
Fixed Pledge Value, the Pledged Account Custodian must inform the Pledgor no later than the Business 
Day following such a determination, and transmit to the Pledgor a partial release of the Pledge for the 
corresponding value to allow the Pledgor to bring the total value of the Eligible Financial Instruments 
and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account to the Minimum Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge 
Value. This release shall be in the form of a certificate from the Pledged Account Custodian in the form 
that appears in the Base Prospectus. No later than the following Business Day, the Pledgor shall 
indicate to the Pledged Account Custodian the financial instruments or amounts that it wishes to receive 
in order to bring the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged 
Account to the Minimum Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge Value.  
However, the Pledgor may no longer request a reduction in the total value of the Eligible Financial 
Instruments and amounts in any currencies in the Pledged Account to the Minimum Pledge Value or 
Fixed Pledge Value if a Pledgee sends the Pledgor a Formal Demand described in article 5 hereinafter.  
Should the Securities be the subject of a Moody's rating, any change to the conditions for exercising the 
Pledged Account Custodian role may lead to a review of the Pledged Account parameters in order to 
obtain confirmation of the Securities rating by Moody's.  
3. 
Operations on securities in the Pledged Account  
In the event of a takeover bid, exchange offer, public repurchase offer or, more generally, any financial 
operation on the financial instruments in the Pledged Account that may result in an adjustment, the 
Pledgor may substitute for the relevant financial instruments other Eligible Financial Instruments with a 
value at least equal to the financial instruments that it wishes to replace.  
4. 
Partial or total release of the Pledge  
Upon settlement by the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, or if the Issuer cancels a Security 
(following a market purchase, a public offer or any other manner), the Pledgor may obtain a total or 
partial release of the Pledge, as applicable. This release shall take the form of a Certificate of Valid 
Settlement from Euroclear France or the Settlement Confirmation Agent, in the form provided in the 
Base Prospectus, indicating that each relevant Security has been settled in full in favour of the Holders’ 
account custodians, the list of which has been provided by the Principal Paying Agent or cancelled by 
the Issuer.  
The Pledgor must provide the Certificate of Valid Settlement from Euroclear France or from the 
relevant Settlement Confirmation Agent to the Pledged Account Custodian. Once this certificate has 
been provided to the Pledged Account Custodian, the Pledgor may freely dispose of all or part, as 
applicable, of the financial instruments or amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account in order to

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
bring the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account 
to the Minimum Pledge Value or to the Fixed Pledge Value, in case of partial release.  
The Pledged Account Custodian shall ensure that the cash settlement or the physical settlement to be 
made by the Issuer, or the Guarantor, if applicable, equals the amount indicated in the Final Terms. In 
the event of a disagreement for more than one Business Day between the Pledged Account Custodian 
and the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent must designate a leading bank or an investment bank 
acting on the interbank market (or, if applicable, the money market, the swaps market, or the over the 
counter index options market) most closely connected to the calculations to be made, so that said bank 
can perform the required calculation, with the exception of any member of the Exane group. The 
amount determined by this bank may not be disputed by the Calculation Agent, the Pledged Account 
Custodian, or any other person. Upon payment of the amount calculated by this bank, the Pledged 
Account Custodian may obtain the necessary release.  
5. 
Enforcement of the Pledge  
Any Pledgee owed a certain, liquid, due and payable debt may enforce the Pledge in the amount of his 
Secured Debt plus enforcement costs, eight calendar days after the Formal Demand provided in the 
Base Prospectus and sent to the Issuer by registered letter, with copies to the Pledgor and the Pledged 
Account Custodian, has remained unanswered. In order to request the enforcement of the Pledge, each 
relevant Pledgee must send an Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge in the form provided in the 
Base Prospectus to the Pledged Account Custodian by registered letter.  
The Pledge shall then be enforced, for each relevant Security, or when relevant, for the relevant 
amounts, up to the limit of the Secured Debt, pursuant to applicable laws and regulations and in 
accordance with paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) below and the common procedure described in paragraph 
(d) below: 
(a) 
Enforcement process - Financial securities eligible to direct attribution 
Pursuant to articles L. 211-20-V et D. 211-12 of the French monetary and financial code, for French or 
foreign securities traded on a regulated market, the enforcement will take place, for each financial 
security, within the limits of the Secured Debt, by allotment with full ownership on the basis of the last 
available closing price on the regulated market on the Exchange Business Day preceding the allotment 
date;  
For units or shares of collective investment schemes as defined by article L.214-1 of the French 
monetary and financial code, the enforcement will take place, for each financial security, within the 
limits of the Secured Debt, by allotment with full ownership on the basis of the last available valuation 
of such units or shares on the Business Day preceding the allotment date. 
(b) 
Enforcement process - Financial securities not eligible to direct attribution 
For securities other than financial securities eligible to direct attribution (described in paragraph (a) 
above), the enforcement of the Pledge, will take place, for each financial security, within the limits of 
the Secured Debt, by request for ownership to the benefit of the Pledgee pursuant to article 2348 of the 
French civil code. 
The enforcement of the Pledge pursuant to article 2348 of the Civil Code will be performed as follows: 
(i) 
the foreclosure (attribution) of the financial securities will take place three calendar 
days following the mailing of the Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge from the 
Pledgee to the Pledgor and Pledged Account Custodian (the “Foreclosure Date”);

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
(ii) 
the Pledgor and the Pledgee must appoint an expert as described below and in 
accordance with article 1843-4 of the French civil code to determine the value of the 
financial securities as of the Foreclosure Date (the “Enforcement Value”): 
(A) 
the expert will be an institution specialising in the valuation of shares 
designated by the Pledgor and the Pledgee;  
(B) 
if the Pledgor and the Pledgee fail to designate an expert within seven (7) 
calendar days, the Pledgor will request the President of the Paris Commercial 
Court (Tribunal de commerce de Paris) acting by way of summary 
proceedings (en la forme des référés) to appoint an expert among 
international and independent auditing firms. The decision of the President 
of the Paris Commercial Court will be final; 
(iii) 
the expert will be in charge of determining the Enforcement Value on the Foreclosure 
Date;  
(iv) 
the valuation made by the expert appointed under Paragraph (ii) above will be final 
and binding on the Pledgor and Pledgee; and 
(v) 
if the sum of the Enforcement Value and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged 
Account are higher than the outstanding amount of the Secured Debt on the date of 
the enforcement of the Pledge, then the excess shall be returned to the Pledgor. 
(c) 
Enforcement process – Amounts in currency 
For amounts in any currency in the Pledged Account, the enforcement of the pledge will be performed 
directly by transfer with full ownership to the Pledgee.  
(d) 
Enforcement process – Common process 
Enforcement shall be performed by the Pledged Account Custodian by first allotting to each relevant 
Pledgee in priority order French or foreign transferable securities traded on a regulated market or units 
or shares in collective investment undertakings. The number of French or foreign transferable securities 
traded on a regulated market or units or shares in collective investment undertakings and any other 
assets to the credit of the Pledged Account to be allotted shall be calculated so that each Secured Debt 
in respect of each relevant Security can receive an equal number of such assets recorded in the Pledged 
Account at the time the Pledged Account Custodian receives the first Instruction for Enforcement of the 
Pledge in the form provided in the Base Prospectus. Fractional French or foreign transferable securities 
traded on a regulated market or units or shares in collective investment undertakings, if any, shall be 
paid by allotting to each relevant Pledgee amounts in any currency recorded in the Pledged Account.  
Neither the Pledged Account Custodian nor the Pledgee shall incur any liability with respect to the 
Pledgor or any third party as the result of an order for enforcement or the price at which the Pledge is 
enforced. The costs for enforcing the Pledge shall be borne by the Pledgor and shall be charged against 
the proceeds from this enforcement.  
In the event that the financial instruments and/or amounts recorded in the Pledged Account are 
denominated in a currency different from the currency of the Secured Debt, the foreign exchange rate 
that shall be applied to value, attribute or transfer the Pledge shall be the reference foreign exchange 
rate of the European Central Bank as it is available at 11.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the European Central 
Bank's website on the date of the operation planned or, if no quotation is possible on this date, the first 
available quotation that follows.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
6. 
Addresses for notices made pursuant to this document  
Pledgor: Exane Derivatives 
Address: 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France 
Attention: [●] 
Telephone: [●] 
Fax: [●] 
Issuer: Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA  
Address: 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg 
Attention: [●] 
Telephone: [●] 
Fax: [●] 
Pledged Account Custodian: [●] 
Address: [●] 
Attention: [●] 
Telephone: [●] 
Fax: [●] 
Any change in contacts details may be made by giving a five (5) Business Days’ notice to the Issuer 
and/or to the Pledgor, and or to the Pledged Account Custodian.  
7. 
Miscellaneous 
The provisions of this Pledge shall remain in full force and effect with respect to any person who 
assumes, for any reason, the rights of the Pledgee.  
The provisions of this Pledge shall remain in full force and effect with respect to any person who 
assumes, for any reason, the rights of the Pledgor.  
This Pledge is and shall be in addition to all tangible and personal guarantees that have been or may be 
provided to the Pledgee by the Pledgor, by the Issuer or by any third party.  
This Statement of Pledge shall be notified to the Pledged Account Custodian,  
The costs in respect of this instrument shall be borne by the Pledgor.  
Unless the context otherwise specifically requires, capitalised terms used in this Statement of Pledge 
and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified for such terms in the Final Terms 
and on the Conditions defined in the Base Prospectus. 
8. 
Governing law and jurisdiction  
This Statement of Pledge is governed by French law. Any dispute with respect to its validity, 
interpretation or execution shall be submitted to the Tribunal de commerce of Paris.  
Signed in Paris in two originals,  
On [●]. 
 By Exane Derivatives as Pledgor  
___________________________ 
By: [●] 
Title: [●] 
___________________________ 
By: [●] 
Title: [●]

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
FORM OF FORMAL DEMAND TO THE ISSUER 
(To be sent by any Holder benefiting from a Pledge, if applicable) 
Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA  
6, rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
Registered mail (return receipt requested) 
Dear Sir or Madam, 
The terms defined hereinafter shall have the same meaning as in the debt securities issue programme described 
in the base prospectus of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA in its capacity as Issuer and Exane SA in its 
capacity as Guarantor and dated 21 July 2021 as supplemented by any supplement relating thereto, if any (the 
Base Prospectus), and in the final terms as amended and/or supplemented as the case maybe (the Final Terms) 
with respect to the issue of [number or amount + commercial name] – Series No. [●] – ISIN Code: [●] – Issue 
Date: [●] (the Securities), and in the statement of pledging of securities account relating to the Securities and 
dated [●] (the Statement of Pledge). As a Holder of Securities issued pursuant to the above-mentioned issue, we 
hereby declare that we hold certain, liquid, due and payable debts totalling [●] according to a calculation 
provisionally made on [●]. 
We hereby remind you that, under the terms of the Statement of Pledge, Exane Derivatives has pledged to our 
benefit a Pledged Account (account number [●]), opened in the books of [● relevant Pledged Account 
Custodian], to guarantee, within the limits of the Secured Debt, your obligations to pay the Settlement Amount.  
Therefore, we are formally demanding payment within eight days.  
If full settlement is not made, we shall send an Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge to the Pledged Account 
Custodian, and the Pledge shall be enforced in accordance with the enforcement order specified in the Statement 
of Pledge.  
Yours faithfully,  
 
 
Signed in [●] 
On [●] 
 
 
___________________________ 
By: [●] 
Title: [●] 
Enclosure: statement of securities account  
Copy sent by registered mail (return receipt requested): (1) Exane Derivatives, Capital Markets Legal 
Department, 6 rue Ménars, 75002 Paris, France and (2) [relevant Pledged Account Custodian]

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
FORM OF INSTRUCTION FOR ENFORCEMENT OF THE PLEDGE 
 
(To be sent by any Holder benefiting from a Pledge, on or after the ninth calendar day following receipt by the 
Issuer of a Formal Demand if, on said date, the Holder's debt has not been paid) 
Attention: [relevant Pledged Account Custodian] 
Registered mail (return receipt) 
Dear [Madam or Sir], 
The terms defined hereinafter shall have the same meaning as in the debt securities issue programme described 
in the base prospectus of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA in its capacity as Issuer and Exane SA in its 
capacity as Guarantor and dated 21 July 2021 as supplemented by any supplement relating thereto, if any (the 
Base Prospectus), and in the final terms as amended and/or supplemented as the case maybe (the Final Terms) 
with respect to the Issue of [number or amount + commercial name] – Series No. [●] – ISIN Code: [●] – Issue 
Date: [●] (the Securities), and in the statement of pledging of securities account relating to the Securities and 
dated [●] (the Statement of Pledge). 
We hereby remind you that, under the terms of the Statement of Pledge, Exane Derivatives pledged in our favour 
a Pledged Account (account number [●]), opened in your books to secure its payment obligations in respect of 
the Secured Debt.  
As the Holder of a certain, liquid, due and payable debt in respect of the Securities we hold, and in accordance 
with the procedure defined in the Base Prospectus and the Statement of Pledge, we have sent a Formal Demand 
to the Issuer on [●] and sent a copy thereof to the Pledgor and to yourselves.  
In this Formal Demand, we have declared our debt for the sum of [●] based on a provisional calculation 
performed on [●], and formally demanded that the Pledgor pay us in full the amounts due within eight calendar 
days, i.e., no later than [●]. 
As no such payment was made by the Issuer within this period, we are hereby sending you this Instruction for 
Enforcement of the Pledge. Our certain, liquid, due and payable debt totals [●] according to the calculation on 
[●]. 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Base Prospectus and the Statement of Pledge, we are hereby requesting that you 
enforce the Pledge pursuant to the order for enforcement specified in the Statement of Pledge up to the amount 
of the Secured Debt.  
Yours faithfully,  
 
Signed in [●] 
On [●] 
 
 
_________________________ 
By: [name of the Holder] 
Address: [●]

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
RELEASE OF THE PLEDGE – FORM OF CERTIFICATE 
OF VALID SETTLEMENT 
TO BE DELIVERED 
[On Euroclear France or the relevant Settlement Confirmation Agent's letterhead] 
[Exane Derivatives 
Middle Office Dérivés 
Fax No.: 01 42 89 38 59 
BY FAX  
Dear Sir or Madam,  
Subject: Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA Debt Securities Issue Programme – Release of the Pledge – 
Certificate of Valid Settlement  
The terms defined hereinafter shall have the same meaning as in the debt securities issue programme described 
in the base prospectus of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA in its capacity as Issuer and Exane SA in its 
capacity as Guarantor and dated 21 July 2021 as supplemented by any supplement relating thereto (the Base 
Prospectus), if any, and in the final terms as amended and/or supplemented as the case maybe (the Final 
Terms) with respect to the Issue of [number or amount + commercial name] – Series No. [●] – ISIN Code: [●] – 
Issue Date: [●] (the Securities), and in the statement of pledging of securities account relating to the Securities 
and dated [●] (the Statement of Pledge) [We hereby certify that you have redeemed, then cancelled [number] 
Securities issued on [●].]/[We hereby certify that you have settled [number] Securities issued on [●] [at the price 
of [●] per Security]/We hereby certify that we have delivered [number] Securities received from the Principal 
Paying Agent to the benefit of account custodians for the beneficiaries, the list of which was provided to us by 
the Principal Paying Agent].]8  
We invite you to verify with the Pledged Account Custodian whether the settlement that you have performed 
reduces the Secured Debt and, as a result, the [Minimum Pledge Value/Fixed Pledged Value]. If that is the case, 
we hereby confirm, pursuant to Condition 3.3(D) of the Base Prospectus and the provisions of the Statement of 
Pledge, the execution of the obligations, which justifies the release of the Pledge solely so that you may receive 
from the Pledged Account Custodian financial instruments and/or amounts in the Pledged Account so as to bring 
the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in the Pledged Account to the [Minimum Pledge 
Value/Fixed Pledged Value].  
Yours faithfully,  
Signed in [●] 
On [●] 
 
 
_____________________ 
By: [•] 
Title: [•] 
Copy to: [●relevant Pledged Account Custodian] 
 
8 
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
RELEASE OF THE PLEDGE – FORM OF CERTIFICATE 
OF THE PLEDGED ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN 
[On the letterhead of the relevant Pledged Account Custodian] 
[Exane Derivatives 
Middle Office Dérivés 
Fax No.: + 33 (0)1 42 89 38 59] 
BY FAX 
Dear Sir or Madam, 
Subject: Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA Debt Securities Issue Programme – Partial release of the 
Pledge – Certificate of the Pledged Account Custodian  
The terms defined hereinafter shall have the same meaning as in the debt securities issue programme described 
in the base prospectus of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA in its capacity as Issuer and Exane SA in its 
capacity as Guarantor and dated 21 July 2021 as supplemented by any supplement relating thereto (the Base 
Prospectus), if any, and in the final terms as amended and/or supplemented as the case maybe (the Final 
Terms) with respect to the issue of [number or amount + commercial name] – Series No. [●] – ISIN Code: [●] – 
Issue Date: [●] (the Securities), and in the statement of pledging of securities account relating to the Securities 
and dated [●] (the Statement of Pledge). 
As you know, on each Pledge Calculation Date, we determine the total value of the financial instruments and 
amounts in the Pledged Account.  
The determination we have made on this date shows that the total value of the financial instruments and amounts 
recorded in the Pledged Account exceed the [Minimum Pledge Value/Fixed Pledged Value] by [⚫].  
Pursuant to Condition 3.3(B) of the Base Prospectus and the provisions of the Statement of Pledge, you have the 
right to advise us in writing, no later than the Business Day following receipt of this certificate, of the financial 
instruments or amounts that you wish to be attributed in order to bring the total value of the financial instruments 
and amounts in the Pledged Account to the [Minimum Pledge Value/Fixed Pledged Value]. 
Please find enclosed a copy of the inventory of the financial instruments and amounts recorded as of this date in 
the Pledged Account.  
Yours faithfully, 
 
Signed in [⚫] 
On [⚫] 
 
 ___________________________  
By: [⚫] 
Title: [⚫] 
 
Enclosure: statement of securities account  
Copy to: [relevant Pledged Account Custodian]

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
TECHNICAL ANNEX  
 
 
TECHNICAL ANNEX .............................................................................................................................................. 273 
I. 
INTRODUCTION TO THE TECHNICAL ANNEX ....................................................................... 280 
II. 
DEFINITIONS .................................................................................................................................... 282 
A. 
Values ................................................................................................................................................... 282 
B. 
Valuation Dates of the Values ............................................................................................................ 282 
C. 
Dates relating to Coupons ................................................................................................................... 282 
D. 
Applicable Conditions ......................................................................................................................... 282 
E. 
Parameters for Calculation ................................................................................................................ 284 
III. 
OBSERVED VALUES ........................................................................................................................ 285 
A. 
General Definitions for Observed Values .......................................................................................... 285 
B. 
Definitions of Observed Values for an Underlying which is a Debt Instrument............................ 286 
IV. 
DETERMINED VALUES Generalities ............................................................................................. 287 
A. 
Mathematical Values........................................................................................................................... 287 
1. 
Mathematical Definition: Cardinal Number .............................................................................. 287 
2. 
Mathematical Definition: Incremental Number ......................................................................... 287 
3. 
Mathematical Definition: Sum ................................................................................................... 287 
4. 
Mathematical Definition: N-Sum ............................................................................................... 287 
5. 
Mathematical Definition: Weighted Sum .................................................................................. 287 
6. 
Mathematical Definition: Difference ......................................................................................... 287 
7. 
Mathematical Definition: Equi Weighted Average .................................................................... 288 
8. 
Mathematical Definition: Weighted Average ............................................................................ 288 
9. 
Mathematical Definition: Maximum .......................................................................................... 288 
10. 
Mathematical Definition: nth Maximum ................................................................................... 288 
11. 
Mathematical Definition: Time Maximum ................................................................................ 288 
12. 
Mathematical Definition: Minimum .......................................................................................... 288 
13. 
Mathematical Definition: nth minimum ..................................................................................... 288 
14. 
Mathematical Definition: Time Minimum ................................................................................. 288 
15. 
Mathematical Definition: Maximum Up Filtered ...................................................................... 288 
16. 
Mathematical Definition: Minimum Up Filtered ....................................................................... 289 
17. 
Mathematical Definition: Maximum Down Filtered.................................................................. 289 
18. 
Mathematical Definition: Minimum Down Filtered .................................................................. 289 
19. 
Mathematical Definition: Product .............................................................................................. 290 
20. 
Mathematical Definition: N-Product.......................................................................................... 290 
21. 
Mathematical Definition: Division or Ratio .............................................................................. 290 
22. 
Mathematical Definition: Absolute Value ................................................................................. 290 
23. 
Mathematical Definition: Whole Part ........................................................................................ 290 
24. 
Mathematical Definition: Square Root ...................................................................................... 290 
25. 
Mathematical Definition: Cubic Root ........................................................................................ 291 
26. 
Mathematical Definition: nth Root ............................................................................................ 291 
27. 
Mathematical Definition: Exponential ....................................................................................... 291 
28. 
Mathematical Definition: Power Value ..................................................................................... 291 
29. 
Mathematical Definition: Natural Logarithm ............................................................................ 291 
30. 
Mathematical Definition: Counted Condition ............................................................................ 291

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
31. 
Mathematical Definition: Indicator Function ............................................................................. 291 
B. 
Financial Values .................................................................................................................................. 291 
1. 
Financial Definition: Capped Value........................................................................................... 291 
2. 
Financial Definition: Floored Value .......................................................................................... 291 
3. 
Financial Definition: Capped and Floored Value ...................................................................... 292 
4. 
Financial Definition: Converted Value ...................................................................................... 292 
5. 
Financial Definition: Performance of a Value ........................................................................... 292 
6. 
Financial Definition: Performance of a Debt Instrument ........................................................... 292 
7. 
Financial Definition: Spread Performance of two Values .......................................................... 293 
8. 
Financial Definition: Excess Return Performance ..................................................................... 293 
9. 
Financial Definition: Return of a Value ..................................................................................... 293 
11. 
Financial Definition: Spread Return of two Values ................................................................... 293 
12. 
Financial Definition: Linear Financing Value ........................................................................... 294 
13. 
Financial Definition: Linear Annualized Return of a Value ...................................................... 294 
14. 
Financial Definition: Composite Capitalized Value .................................................................. 294 
15. 
Financial Definition:Linear Capitalized Value .......................................................................... 295 
16. 
Financial Definition: Iterative Composite Capitalized Value .................................................... 295 
17. 
Financial Definition: Iterative Linear Capitalized Value ........................................................... 295 
18. 
Financial Definition: Capitalized Value with Monetary Driver ................................................. 295 
19. 
Financial Definition: Actualized Value ..................................................................................... 296 
20. 
Financial Definition: Annualized Return of a Value.................................................................. 296 
21. 
Financial Definition: Zero-Coupon Value ................................................................................. 296 
22. 
Financial Definition: Spread Zero-Coupon Value ..................................................................... 296 
23. 
Financial Definition: Linear Floor ............................................................................................. 297 
24. 
Financial Definition: Forward Exchange with Basis swap on Denominator ............................. 297 
25. 
Financial Definition: Forward Exchange with Basis swap on Numerator ................................. 297 
26. 
Financial Definition: ExpoVol ................................................................................................... 298 
27. 
Financial Definition: ExpoBeta ................................................................................................. 298 
28. 
Financial Definition: Adjustment Rate ...................................................................................... 298 
29. 
Financial Definition: Linear Excess Adjustment Rate ............................................................... 298 
30. 
Financial Definition: Multiplicative Excess Adjustment Rate ................................................... 298 
31. 
Financial Definition: Zero Coupon Rate .................................................................................... 299 
32. 
Financial Definition: Financing Rate ......................................................................................... 299 
C. 
Basket Values ....................................................................................................................................... 300 
1. 
Basket Definition: Basket .......................................................................................................... 300 
2. 
Basket Definition: Increasing Ranked Basket ............................................................................ 300 
3. 
Basket Definition: Worst of Basket ........................................................................................... 301 
4. 
Basket Definition: Decreasing Ranked Basket .......................................................................... 301 
5. 
Basket Definition: Select Basket ................................................................................................ 301 
6. 
Basket Definition: Median Basket ............................................................................................. 301 
7. 
Basket Definition: Weighted Basket .......................................................................................... 301 
8. 
Basket Definition: Weighted Basket Value ............................................................................... 301 
9. 
Basket Definition: Select Basket Value ..................................................................................... 301 
10. 
Basket Definition: Median Basket Value ................................................................................... 301 
11. 
Basket Definition: Equi Weighted Basket ................................................................................. 301 
12. 
Basket Definition: Equi Weighted Basket Value ....................................................................... 302 
13. 
Basket Definition: Weighted Increasing Ranked Basket Value ................................................. 302 
14. 
Basket Definition: Weighted Decreasing Ranked Basket Value a.k.a Rainbow Basket Value. 302

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
D. 
Cost Values .......................................................................................................................................... 302 
1. 
Cost Definition: Added Costs Net Value ................................................................................... 302 
2. 
Cost Definition: Added Costs Net Value Striked ....................................................................... 302 
3. 
Cost Definition: Multiplied Costs Net Value ............................................................................. 302 
4. 
Cost Definition: Multiplied Cost Net Value Striked .................................................................. 303 
5. 
Cost Definition: Mixed Costs Net Value ................................................................................... 303 
6. 
Cost Definition: Mixed Cost Net Value Striked ........................................................................ 303 
7. 
Cost Definition: Composite Costs Net Value ............................................................................ 303 
8. 
Cost Definition: Composite Costs Net Value Striked ................................................................ 303 
9. 
Cost Definition: Volatility Costs Net Value .............................................................................. 304 
10. 
Cost Definition: Volatility Costs Net Value Striked .................................................................. 304 
11. 
Cost Definition: Outperformance Costs Net Value .................................................................... 304 
12. 
Cost Definition: Outperformance Costs Net Value Striked ....................................................... 304 
13. 
Cost Definition: Leverage Cost Value ....................................................................................... 305 
14. 
Cost Definition: Early Leverage Cost Value Before First Valuation Date ................................ 305 
15. 
Cost Definition: Early Leverage Cost Value.............................................................................. 305 
E. 
Statistical Values ................................................................................................................................. 306 
1. 
Statistical Definition: Historic Beta ........................................................................................... 306 
2. 
Statistical Definition: Historic Beta with Lag ............................................................................ 306 
3. 
Statistical Definition: Historic Beta of Strategies ...................................................................... 306 
4. 
Statistical Definition: Historic Beta of Strategies with Lag ....................................................... 306 
5. 
Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility ................................................................................... 307 
6. 
Statistical Definition: Variance .................................................................................................. 307 
7. 
Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility with Lag .................................................................... 307 
8. 
Statistical Definition: Variance with Lag ................................................................................... 308 
9. 
Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility of a Strategy .............................................................. 308 
10. 
Statistical Definition: Variance of a Strategy ............................................................................. 308 
11. 
Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag ............................................... 308 
12. 
Statistical Definition: Variance of a Strategy with Lag ............................................................. 309 
13. 
Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility .................................................................... 309 
14. 
Statistical Definition: Centered Variance ................................................................................... 309 
15. 
Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility with Lag ..................................................... 310 
16. 
Statistical Definition: Centered Variance with Lag ................................................................... 310 
17. 
Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy ............................................... 310 
18. 
Statistical Definition: Centered Variance of a Strategy ............................................................. 311 
19. 
Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag ............................... 311 
20. 
Statistical Definition: Centered Variance of a Strategy with Lag .............................................. 311 
F. 
Product Values .................................................................................................................................... 312 
1. 
Product Definition: Call ............................................................................................................. 312 
2. 
Product Definition: Put .............................................................................................................. 312 
3. 
Product Definition: Ratcheted Value ......................................................................................... 312 
4. 
Product Definition : Lock-Up Value .......................................................................................... 312 
5. 
Product Definition : Ladder Value ............................................................................................. 312 
6. 
Product Definition : Mensuello Return ...................................................................................... 313 
7. 
Product Definition : Trimestrio Return ...................................................................................... 313 
8. 
Product Definition : Semestrio Return ....................................................................................... 313 
9. 
Product Definition : Annualo Return ......................................................................................... 314 
10. 
Product Definition : Bengal Return............................................................................................ 314

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
11. 
Product Definition : Napoleon Return ....................................................................................... 314 
12. 
Product Definition : Joker .......................................................................................................... 314 
13. 
Product Definition : Joker Value ............................................................................................... 315 
14. 
Product Definition: Tempo Value .............................................................................................. 315 
15. 
Product Definition: Crystallised Basket Value .......................................................................... 315 
16. 
Product Definition: Crystallised Basket Value with Floor ......................................................... 315 
17. 
Product Definition: Booster Basket Value ................................................................................. 316 
18. 
Product Definition: Trampoline Return ..................................................................................... 316 
19. 
Product Definition : Trampoline Basket .................................................................................... 316 
20. 
Product Definition: Trampoline Basket Value ........................................................................... 316 
21. 
Product Definition: Best Timing Basket Value.......................................................................... 316 
22. 
Product Definition: Ejector Basket ............................................................................................ 316 
23. 
Product Definition: Ejector Basket Value .................................................................................. 316 
24. 
Product Definition: Octoplus Basket ......................................................................................... 316 
25. 
Product Definition: Octoplus Basket Value ............................................................................... 317 
G. 
Strategy ................................................................................................................................................ 317 
1. 
Strategy Definition : Alpha Strategy .......................................................................................... 317 
2. 
Strategy Definition : Alpha Strategy Excess Return .................................................................. 317 
3. 
Strategy Definition : Alpha Strategy with Annual Costs ........................................................... 318 
4. 
Strategy Definition: Alpha Strategy Excess Return with Annual Costs .................................... 318 
5. 
Strategy Definition: Excess Return Strategy .............................................................................. 319 
6. 
Strategy Definition: Excess Return Strategy with Annual Costs ............................................... 319 
7. 
Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy ................................................................................ 319 
8. 
Strategy Definition : Beta Neutral Strategy with Annual Costs ................................................. 320 
9. 
Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return ........................................................ 320 
10. 
Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Annual cost ............................ 321 
11. 
Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy with Exposure Rate and Annual Costs ................... 322 
12. 
Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Exposure Rate and Annual Costs323 
13. 
Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy with Participation Rate and Annual Costs ............. 324 
14. 
Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Participation Rate and Annual 
Costs .......................................................................................................................................... 324 
15. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy ................................................................................... 325 
16. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy on a Strategy ............................................................. 326 
17. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy with Annual Costs ..................................................... 327 
18. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy on a Strategy with Annual Costs ............................... 328 
19. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy on a Strategy with Transaction Costs ........................ 328 
20. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy ....................................................................................... 329 
21. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy on a Strategy ................................................................. 330 
22. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy on a Strategy with Annual Costs ................................... 330 
23. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy with Annual Costs ......................................................... 331 
24. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Alpha Strategy ............................................................................ 331 
25. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Alpha Strategy with Annual Costs .............................................. 332 
26. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Beta Strategy ............................................................................... 333 
27. 
Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Beta Strategy with Annual Costs ................................................ 334 
28. 
Strategy Definition: Range Vol Target Strategy with Volatility Range, Transaction Cost and 
Annual Costs .............................................................................................................................. 335 
29. 
Strategy Definition: Switcher Strategy ...................................................................................... 336 
30. 
Strategy Definition: Switcher Strategy with Annual Costs ........................................................ 336 
31. 
Strategy Definition: VolTum Strategy ....................................................................................... 337

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
32. 
Strategy Definition: VolTum Strategy with Annual Costs ........................................................ 338 
33. 
Strategy Definition: CPPI Strategy ............................................................................................ 339 
34. 
Strategy Definition: CPPI Strategy with Annual Costs.............................................................. 340 
35. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Basis Swap on 
Denominator .............................................................................................................................. 341 
36. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Basis Swap on 
Numerator .................................................................................................................................. 341 
37. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs and 
Basis Swap on Denominator ...................................................................................................... 342 
38. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs and 
Basis Swap on Numerator .......................................................................................................... 343 
39. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging ....................................... 344 
40. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging Normalized ................... 344 
41. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs ........ 345 
42. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging Normalized with Annual 
Costs .......................................................................................................................................... 345 
43. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Strip Foreign Exchange Hedging ........................................ 346 
44. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Strip Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs.......... 346 
45. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Multi Step Iterated ... 347 
46. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Iterated ..................... 348 
47. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Multi Step Iterated with 
Annual Costs .............................................................................................................................. 348 
48. 
Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Iterated with Annual 
Cost ............................................................................................................................................ 349 
49. 
Strategy Definition: Leverage Strategy ...................................................................................... 350 
50. 
Strategy Definition: Leverage Strategy with Annual Costs ....................................................... 350 
51. 
Strategy Definition: Reverse Strategy ........................................................................................ 351 
52. 
Strategy Definition: Reverse Strategy with Annual Costs ......................................................... 351 
53. 
Strategy Definition: Composite Leverage Strategy.................................................................... 352 
54. 
Strategy Definition: Composite Leverage Strategy with Annual Costs ..................................... 352 
55. 
Strategy Definition: Composed Strategy ................................................................................... 353 
56. 
Strategy Definition: Composed Strategy with annual costs ....................................................... 353 
57. 
Strategy Definition: Backward Composed Strategy .................................................................. 354 
58. 
Strategy Definition: Backward Composed Strategy with annual costs ...................................... 354 
59. 
Strategy Definition : Weighted Strategy with annual costs ....................................................... 354 
60. 
Strategy Definition: Iterated Ratio Strategy, Iterated Ratio Strategy on date d, Intraday Iterated 
Ratio Strategy on date d ............................................................................................................. 355 
H. 
Debt Instrument Determined Values ................................................................................................. 356 
1. 
Redemption Date of the Convertible Bond ................................................................................ 356 
2. 
Reference Date of the Convertible Bond ................................................................................... 356 
3. 
Reference Date of the Perpetual Bond ....................................................................................... 357 
4. 
Reference Date of the Bond ....................................................................................................... 357 
5. 
Reference Date of the Contingent Bond .................................................................................... 357 
6. 
Debt Instrument Market Bid Price ............................................................................................. 357 
7. 
Final Price of the Contingent Bond ............................................................................................ 358 
8. 
Price of the Contingent Bond on a Valuation Date .................................................................... 358 
9. 
Final Price of the Convertible Bond........................................................................................... 359 
10. 
Price of the Convertible Bond on a Valuation Date ................................................................... 359 
11. 
Final Price of the Perpetual Bond .............................................................................................. 360 
12. 
Price of the Perpetual Bond on a Valuation Date ....................................................................... 360

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
13. 
Final Price of the Debt Instrument ............................................................................................. 360 
14. 
Price of the Debt Instrument on a Valuation Date ..................................................................... 360 
15. 
Gross Debt Instrument Coupon .................................................................................................. 360 
16. 
Sum of the Gross Debt Instrument Coupons .............................................................................. 361 
17. 
Sum of the Gross Debt Instrument Coupons Capitalised at Bond Yield.................................... 361 
18. 
Number of Liquidated Debt Instrumentd at a Valuation Date ................................................... 361 
19. 
Debt Instrument Coupon ............................................................................................................ 361 
20. 
Sum of the Debt Instrument Coupons ........................................................................................ 361 
21. 
Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons ..................................................................... 361 
22. 
Basket Debt Instrument Flow .................................................................................................... 361 
23. 
Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons ............................................................................. 362 
24. 
Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method ...................................... 363 
25. 
Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method ............... 364 
 
I. 
Credit Values ....................................................................................................................................... 366 
1. 
Number of Defaulted Reference Entities ................................................................................... 366 
2. 
Defaulted Reference Entity Weighting ...................................................................................... 366 
3. 
Recovery of a Defaulted Reference Entity ................................................................................. 366 
4. 
Sum of weighting of Defaulted Reference Entities .................................................................... 366 
5. 
Adjusted Spread ......................................................................................................................... 366 
6. 
Net Leveraged Early Value ........................................................................................................ 366 
V. 
COUPONS ................................................................................................................................ 367 
A. 
Indexed coupon ........................................................................................................................ 367 
1. 
Coupon Indexed to a Value ........................................................................................................ 367 
2. 
Coupon Floored to the Previous Coupon ................................................................................... 367 
3. 
Coupon Capped to the Previous Coupon ................................................................................... 367 
4. 
Conditional Coupon ................................................................................................................... 367 
5. 
Tempo Coupon .......................................................................................................................... 367 
6. 
Performance Detached Coupon ................................................................................................. 368 
7. 
Capped and Floored Performance Detached Coupon ................................................................ 368 
8. 
Capped Performance Detached Coupon .................................................................................... 368 
9. 
Floored Performance Detached Coupon .................................................................................... 368 
10. 
Capped and Floored Indexed Performance Detached Coupon................................................... 368 
11. 
Capped Indexed Performance Detached Coupon ....................................................................... 368 
12. 
Floored Indexed Performance Detached Coupon ...................................................................... 368 
13. 
Fixed Coupon ............................................................................................................................. 369 
14. 
Sum of Coupon Paid .................................................................................................................. 369 
B. 
Incremental Coupon ........................................................................................................................... 369 
VI. 
SETTLEMENT ................................................................................................................................... 370 
A. 
Final Settlement ................................................................................................................................... 370 
1. 
Fixed Settlement Amount .......................................................................................................... 370 
2. 
Bond Backed Settlement Amount .............................................................................................. 370 
3. 
Delta One Settlement Amount ................................................................................................... 370 
4. 
Indexed Settlement Amount....................................................................................................... 370 
5. 
Conditional Settlement Amount ................................................................................................. 370 
6. 
Composite Settlement Amount .................................................................................................. 371 
7. 
Combined Settlement Amount ................................................................................................... 371

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
8. 
Cash Settled Warrant Amount ................................................................................................... 371 
B. 
Early Settlement .................................................................................................................................. 371 
1. 
Fixed Settlement Amount .......................................................................................................... 371 
2. 
Bond Backed Settlement Amount .............................................................................................. 371 
3. 
Delta One Settlement Amount ................................................................................................... 371 
4. 
Indexed Settlement Amount....................................................................................................... 372 
5. 
Conditional Settlement Amount ................................................................................................. 372 
6. 
Composite Settlement Amount .................................................................................................. 372 
7. 
Combined Settlement Amount ................................................................................................... 372 
8. 
Cash Settled Warrant Amount ................................................................................................... 372 
C. 
Settlement for CLN and Hybrid Securities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred ....................................................................................................................................................... 373 
1. 
Settlement Amount for [CLN/ Credit-Linked Portion of Hybrid Securities/ Credit Linked 
Warrant] (the “Alternative Settlement Amounts”) ..................................................................... 373 
2. 
Settlement Amount for Hybrid Securities .................................................................................. 374

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION TO THE TECHNICAL ANNEX 
 
This Technical Annex contains the calculation formulae (each a Pay-Off Formula) used to determine an amount of 
interest, early settlement amount or final settlement amount payable on a Security. This section also contains definitions 
of dates needed to determine such amounts, as well as conditions of settlement (e.g. settlement in cash or through 
physical delivery of deliverable assets). 
Two different types of Values are used to determine an amount of interest, early settlement amount or final settlement 
amount payable on a Security: 
− 
An observed value may be obtained on an officially published market or a Bloomberg screen page. From these 
sources, prices of shares or futures or level of indices, net asset values (NAV) of funds, exchange rate, reference 
rate or interest rate levels, official values of unlisted indices, settlement value of a bond reaching maturity, value 
of coupons detached from a bond over a period, value of the dividends paid on a share over a given period, or 
any other objectively verifiable values, may be obtained. This will therefore be an Observed Value observed on 
a given date and such Observed Values are detailed in §3 of this Technical Annex. 
− 
Based on the values observed, combinations or calculations may be made. Such combinations and calculations 
based on Observed values observed on given dates (Valuation Dates) provide Determined Values which are 
detailed in § IV of this Technical Annex. The way to combine Values is expressed unequivocally by functions or 
definitions that will enable to define Determined Values. Such functions or definitions can be classified 
considering their use in the common language. Some of them are mathematical (in § IV /A) as they exist in 
general mathematics, when too specific they are linked to statistics and are classified in § IV /E. Some functions 
and definitions are common to the financial language used in different fields of finance and not only in the 
description of Securities, they are all in §4/B. When manipulating more sophisticated concepts, for example 
when numerous Values are used simultaneously we contemplate Basket definitions in § IV /C, or when an 
iterative process is involved we use the Strategy in § IV /G. Finally to approach specific financial products, we 
have created two categories that enable the description of Products in § IV /F and their associated Costs in 
§IV/D.  
Together, the observed values and the determined values define the values based on which the principal settlement 
formulae (at maturity or early) and/or interest payments can be calculated (the Values). These will constitute the Values 
necessary to define the applicable Pay-Off Formula.  
The common definitions for the Values (observed and determined) are set out in §II of this Technical Annex.  
These Values may be used as the basis of a “condition”, making settlement or interest payments dependent on the 
fulfillment of a condition relating to a Value. This is referred to as the Condition which are defined in §II/D of the 
Technical Annex.  
These Values may be used to determine: 
- 
an amount of interest, as detailed in §V (coupon); and/or 
- 
an early settlement amount, as detailed in §VI/B; and/or 
- 
a final settlement amount, as detailed in §VI/A. 
 
Example: Autocall Coupon with Memory (Tempo) Effect on Worst of Share Basket (a.k.a. Yield Crescendo 
Tempo). 
Definition of the “Ratio of a Value” in IV-B-Financial Definitions °5, the Values being in the Final Terms. 
Definition of the Basket in IV-C-Basket Definition °1, the values being the one above. 
Definition of Increasing Ranked Basket in IV-C-Basket Definition °2, the Basket being the one above. 
Definition of Worst of Basket in IV-C-Basket Definition °3, the Worst of Basket being defined within the Increasing 
Ranked Basket above. 
 
The following are numbers applied to a Nominal Value that is an amount per Security 
 
Tempo Coupon defined using the definition of Tempo Value in IV-F-Product Definition °14, with

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
Valuation Dates are semi annual anniversary dates starting on the Initial Valuation Date. 
Theoretical Value t on a Valuation Date is the rank of the Valuation Date following the Initial Valuation Date 
multiplied by a number as specified in the Final Terms. 
Definition of Conditions in II-D Applicable Conditions a) European Barrier Condition with 
Condition is Worst of Basket as defined above > number as specified in the Final Terms 
Definition of the Early Settlement in VI-B-Early Settlement °5 
Definition of Conditions in II-D Applicable Conditions a) European Barrier Condition with 
Condition is Worst of Basket as defined above > number as specified in the Final Terms  
If condition is met a number as specified in the Final Terms, else no Early Settlement. 
Definition of the Final Settlement in VI-A-Final Settlement Amount °5 
Definition of Conditions in II-D Applicable Conditions a) European Barrier Condition with 
Condition is Worst of Basket as defined above > number as specified in the Final Terms  
If condition is met a number as specified in the Final Terms, else a Ratio as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
Example 2: Beta Neutral Strategy Delta One Certificate with Costs 
Final Settlement is a Delta One Settlement Amount defined in VI-A-Final Settlement Amount °3 obtained from the D-
Cost Definition °1 with 
F=1% 
and Value is a Vol Target Strategy as per G-Strategy Definition °13 with 
Cap =1, TargetVolLevel=0.1 
VH is Historic Volatility as per E-Statistical Definitions°5, with  
N is 40 and B can be 252, 
Monetary Driver is the Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the 
ticker EXDMEURC Index 
Driver is a Beta Neutral Strategy with Annual Costs as per G-Strategy °7 with, 
Driver 1 is the Exane Key Ideas Index (Bloomberg Code EXDMIKI Index) 
Driver 2 is Exane Eurostoxx50 Index (Bloomberg Code SX5E Index) 
Monetary Driver is Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under 
the ticker EXDMEURC Index 
F is 0.7%, 
Expo Beta is a 
Historic Beta as per E-Statistical Definition °1 with N= 90 
Cap =1.5 and Floor 0.

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
II. 
DEFINITIONS 
A. Values 
The Values will be specified in the Final Terms and may include, without limitation, numbers, formulae, 
amounts, prices, levels or rates that may be adjusted in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by 
the Calculation Agent. 
B. Valuation Dates of the Values  
1. 
Initial Valuation Date  
means, the date(s) as specified in the Final Terms or, if this/these date(s) is/are not an Exchange Business 
Day, the following Exchange Business Day, subject to the consequences of a Market Disruption Event 
defined as the case may be in Conditions 5.8 to 5.17. 
2. 
Final Valuation Date  
means, the date(s) as specified in the Final Terms or, if this/these date(s) is/are not an Exchange Business 
Day, the following Exchange Business Day, subject to the consequences of a Market Disruption Event 
defined as the case may be in Conditions 5.8 to 5.17. 
3. 
Early Valuation Date  
means, the date(s) as specified in the Final Terms or, if this/these date(s) is/are not on Exchange Business 
Day, the following Exchange Business Day, subject to the consequences of a Market Disruption Event 
defined as the case may be in Conditions 5.8 to 5.17. 
4. 
Valuation Date  
means, the date(s) as specified in the Final Terms or, if this/these date(s) is/are not on Exchange Business 
Day, the following Exchange Business Day, subject to the consequences of a Market Disruption Event 
defined as the case may be in Conditions 5.8 to 5.17. 
5. 
Valuation Time  
means the time or the set of times as specified in the Final Terms on the relevant Valuation Date. 
6. 
Valuation Period 
means a period composed of Valuation Dates, between two Valuation Dates or composed of Valuation 
Times, between two Valuation Times, as specified in the Final Terms. 
C. Dates relating to Coupons 
1. 
Interest Period Commencement Date means the Issue Date or any other date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
2. 
Interest Period End Date means the date as specified in the Final Terms or if this date is not on an 
Exchange Business Day, the following Exchange Business Day, subject to the applicable Business Day 
Convention. 
3. 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms, subject to the applicable Business 
Day Convention.  
D. Applicable Conditions 
1. Single conditions 
a) 
European Barrier Condition  
The European Barrier Condition is deemed met if on the Valuation Date of the European Barrier 
Condition:  
Value (1) > or ≥ Value (2) 
Where  
“Value (1)” and “Value(2)” are Values specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
As an illustration, Value (1) can therefore be equal to an observation of an Underlying, a constant, the 
time maximum of an equi-weighted basket, etc. Idem for Value(2). 
b) 
Daily Barrier Condition  
The Daily Barrier Condition is deemed met if on each of the Valuation Dates of the Daily Barrier 
Condition:  
Value (1) t > or ≥ Value (2) t 
Where  
“Value (1) t” and “Value(2)t” mean the Value (1) and Value(2) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Examples:  
Value (1) t: Closing Price of the DAX index 
Value (1) t: Observed Price of the EUR/USD Foreign Exchange Rate at 17:00 on page ECB37 
Value (1) t: Net Asset Value of the Carmignac Patrimoine fund 
The Valuation Dates are all Exchange Business Days between the Initial Valuation Date and the Final 
Valuation Date of the Daily Barrier Condition. 
c) 
Bermudan Barrier Condition  
The Bermudan Barrier Condition is deemed met if on each of the Valuation Dates during the Valuation 
Period of the Bermudan Barrier Condition:  
Value (1) t > or ≥ Value (2) t 
Where  
“Value (1)t” and “Value(2)t” mean the Value(1) and Value(2) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
The Valuation Date t and the Valuation Period are as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
d) 
American Barrier Condition  
The American Barrier Condition is deemed met if at any Valuation Time during the Valuation Period: 
Value (1) > or ≥ Value (2) 
Where  
“Value (1)” and “Value(2)” are Values specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
e) 
Reference Date Condition  
The Reference Date Condition is deemed met if the Valuation Date is posterior to the Reference Date of 
each Convertible Bond and/or the Reference Date of each Contigent Bond and/or the Reference Date of 
each Perpetual Bond and/or the Reference Date of each Bond, as specified in the Final Terms. 
2. Multiple conditions 
a) Cumulative Condition 
A Cumulative Condition of several single or multiple Conditions will be deemed met if each of these 
Conditions is met. 
b) 
Alternative Condition 
An Alternative Condition of several single or multiple Conditions will be deemed met if at least one of 
these Conditions is met.

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
E. Parameters for Calculation  
1. 
Barrier means a European Barrier, an American Barrier, an Intraday Barrier, a Bermudan Barrier, a 
Ratchet Barrier, an Ejector Barrier, a Ladder Barrier or a Lock-Up Barrier. 
2. 
European Barrier means, for a Valuation Date, the fixed level (expressed as a value or percentage) or 
the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
American Barrier means, for one or more Valuation Dates, the fixed level (expressed as a value or 
percentage) or the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
Intraday Barrier means, for a Valuation Period, the fixed level (expressed as a value or percentage) or 
the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
Bermudan Barrier means, for one or more Valuation Date(s), the fixed level (expressed as a value or 
percentage) or the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
Ratchet Barrier means, for a Valuation Period, the fixed level (expressed as a value or percentage) or the 
Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Ejector Barrier means, for one or more Valuation Dates, the fixed level (expressed as a value or 
percentage) or the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
Ladder Barrier means, for one or more Valuation Dates, the fixed level (expressed as a value or 
percentage) or the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
Lock-Up Barrier means, for one or more Valuation Date(s), the fixed level (expressed as a value or 
percentage) or the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
10. 
Basis means a fixed number of days, weeks or months, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
11. 
Annualisation Factor means a fixed number of days, weeks or months, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
12. 
Spread means a level expressed as a percentage and as specified in the Final Terms. 
13. 
Max Exposure means a level expressed as a percentage and specified in the Final Terms. 
14. 
Min Exposure means a level expressed as a percentage and specified in the Final Terms. 
15. 
Calculation Day means any Business Day or any calendar day as specified in the Final Terms. 
16. 
Leverage means a leverage factor expressed as a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
17. 
Indexation means a level expressed as a percentage or as an amount and as specified in the Final Terms. 
18. 
Number of Bonds means the quantity of bonds as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
19. 
Cap means a cap level as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
20. 
Floor means a floor level as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
21. 
Conversion Premium means a conversion premium expressed as a percentage and as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
22. 
Weighting means a level expressed as a percentage and specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
23. 
Rainbow Weightings means a serie of levels (expressed as a percentage) as specified in the Final Terms. 
24. 
Quantity of Backed Bonds means the quantity of backed bonds as specified in the Final Terms. 
25. 
Conversion Ratio means the ratio as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
III. 
OBSERVED VALUES  
A. General Definitions for Observed Values 
1. 
Gross Share Dividend means the dividend per share as declared by the Company of the Share in 
question, and paid by the Company to its shareholders before deduction or withholding at source of taxes 
and duties by or on behalf of any authority with jurisdiction with the power to impose tax on this 
dividend, any imputation or other credits, settlements or deductions granted by any authority having the 
power to impose tax in respect of this dividend or this tax, and all taxes, credits, settlements or profits 
taxed, withheld, assessed or levied in this way.  
2. 
Net Share Dividend means the total amount of net dividends per share (i.e. the amount of gross 
dividends in cash reduced by any withholding or deduction at source, by or on behalf of any competent 
authority with the power to impose tax on this dividend, any imputation or other credits, settlements or 
deductions granted by any authority having the power to impose tax in respect of this dividend or this tax, 
and all taxes, credits, settlements or profits taxed, withheld, assessed or levied in this way) that would 
receive Exane Derivatives on the relevant ex-dividend date.  
3. 
Cumulated Gross Share Dividend means the sum of the Gross Share Dividend on a Valuation Period as 
specified in the Final Terms 
4. 
Cumulated Net Share Dividend means the sum of the Net Share Dividend on a Valuation Period as 
specified in the Final Terms 
5. 
Expected Dividend means for a relevant Share the amount of dividend which may be expected to be 
received by Exane Derivatives according to the dividend policy of the Company at the Trade Date and as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
6. 
Market(s) Indicator(s) mean(s) any factor or economic markets indicator or belonging to the "swap" 
family from which the settlement formulae (at maturity or early) and/or interest payments may be 
calculated, as specified in the Final Terms. 
7. 
Observed Price of the Market Indicator means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the price or value of 
any Market Indicator, as specified in the Final Terms and as observed by the Calculation Agent, at the 
relevant Valuation Time on a Price Source or any page of any other successor specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
8. 
Credit Spread(s) mean(s) the credit spread of a reference entity or of an index of credit as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
9. 
Observed Level of the Credit Spread means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the level of the Credit 
Spread, as specified in the Final Terms and as observed by the Calculation Agent, at the relevant 
Valuation Time on a Price Source or any page of any other successor specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
10. 
Foreign Exchange Rate means the spot foreign exchange rate for a currency pair “X/Y”, “X/Y” being 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (expressed as the amount of Y per X 1.00) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on a Valuation Date, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
by using the X/Y spot foreign exchange rates (or the Y/X spot foreign exchange rates as the case may be) 
displayed on a ”Reuters page” or a “Bloomberg page”, and on a “Time” as specified in the Final Terms; 
this spot foreign exchange rate may be equal to a fixed amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. If 
on the Valuation Date (which is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the spot foreign exchange rate is 
not available, the spot foreign exchange rate shall be the published spot foreign exchange rate on the first 
succeeding Business Day unless should there be no such available rate during the “n” Business Days (“n” 
being specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the Valuation Date as specified in the Final 
Terms. In this case, the Calculation Agent will determine in good faith an estimate of the spot foreign 
exchange rate to be supplied on this nth Business Days.  
11. 
Forward Exchange Rate in general means the forward foreign exchange rate for a maturity for a 
currency pair “X/Y”, “X/Y” and forward maturity being specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(expressed as the amount of Y per X 1.00) as determined by the Calculation Agent on a Valuation Date as 
the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Final Terms by using the X/Y forward foreign 
exchange rates for the maturity (or the Y/X forward foreign exchange rates for the maturity as the case 
may be) displayed on a ”Reuters page” or a “Bloomberg page”, and on a “Time” as specified in the Final 
Terms; this forward foreign exchange rate may be equal to a fixed amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If on the Valuation Date (which is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the forward

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
foreign exchange rate is not available, the forward foreign exchange rate shall be the published forward 
foreign exchange rate on the first succeeding Business Day unless should there be no such available rate 
during the “n” Business Days (“n” being specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the Valuation 
Date as specified in the Final Terms. In this case, the Calculation Agent will determine in good faith an 
estimate of the spot foreign exchange rate to be supplied on this nth Business Days. 
B. Definitions of Observed Values for an Underlying which is a Debt Instrument 
1. 
Final Redemption Amount of a Debt Instrument 
Means the final redemption amount as a percentage or an amount of a Debt Instrument on the Debt 
Instrument Maturity Date, as stipulated by the Company issuing the Debt Instrument.  
2. 
Early Redemption Amount of a Debt Instrument following a call by the Company issuing the Debt 
Instrument 
Means the redemption amount of a Debt Instrument as a percentage or an amount following a call by the 
Company issuing the Debt Instrument, as stipulated by the Company issuing the Debt Instrument. 
3. 
Sale Price of the Shares Received by Exane Derivatives as the holder of the Convertible Bond  
Means the sale price for the shares obtained on conversion of the Convertible Bond in accordance with 
the terms specified in its issue prospectus on the Conversion Date and sold at their closing price on the 
Exchange Business Day following the date of their receipt by Exane Derivatives. 
 
4. 
Sale Price of the Shares Received by Exane Derivatives as the holder of the Contingent Bond  
Means the sale price for the shares obtained on conversion of the Contingent Bond in accordance with the 
terms specified in its issue prospectus on the Conversion Date and sold at their closing price on the 
Exchange Business Day following the date of their receipt by Exane Derivatives. 
5. 
Total Final Redemption Amount Received of a Debt Instrument  
Means the principal and the coupon (if any) of a Debt Instrument, actually received by Exane Derivatives 
with respect to the Debt Instrument Maturity Date (net of any cost and tax) in its capacity as holder of the 
Bond. 
6. 
Principal Final Redemption Amount Received of a Debt Instrument  
Means the principal subtracting the coupon (if any) of a Debt Instrument, actually received by Exane 
Derivatives with respect to the Debt Instrument Maturity Date (net of any cost and tax) in its capacity as 
holder of the Bond.

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
IV. 
DETERMINED VALUES GENERALITIES 
 
- 
A number is any real number or rate, an integer is a round number, an amount is a number associated to a 
currency. 
- 
t is a date, and Dt is a number that results from a difference of date, also known as a duration, defined in each 
formula. 
A. Mathematical Values 
1. Mathematical Definition: Cardinal Number 
Means the number of Values (which may be an underlying, dates,Valuation Dates during a Valuation Period, 
coupons, Events, rates values, Market Indicators, or Values that verify one or several Condition(s)) as 
specified in the Final Terms  
The Number is an integer number. 
2. Mathematical Definition: Incremental Number 
Means a variable number that takes different values between a Lower Bound Value and an Upper Bound Value 
as specified in the Final Terms  
The Incremental Number is an integer number, whose values are all the successive values between a Lower 
Bound Value and an Upper Bound Value (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), in Pre-Set Increments, 
and unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Pre-Set Increment is one (1). 
3. Mathematical Definition: Sum 
Means the sum of the Values that are numbers or amounts, when amounts are considered they can be summed 
if denominated in the same currency (or if not the amounts will be expressed in the currency of the Security). 
The Sum is equal to Value (1) +…. + Value (N) 
4. Mathematical Definition: N-Sum 
Means the sum of Values that are numbers or amounts, when amounts are considered they can be summed if 
denominated in the same currency (or if not the amounts will be expressed in the currency of the Security). 
 
The N-Sum is equal to ∑
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖=𝑁
𝑖=𝑎
 
Where: 
N is a Value, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
a is a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
i is an Incremental Number with Lower Bound Value being a and Upper Bound Value being N, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Valuei is a Value, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
5. Mathematical Definition: Weighted Sum 
Means the weighted sum of the Values, which are numbers or amounts. 
The Weighted Sum is equal to Value(1)×Weighting(1) + …Value(n)×Weighting(n) 
Where n means the number of Values or Weightings, as the case may be, both {Value(i), Weighting(i)} 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
6. Mathematical Definition: Difference 
Means the difference between two Values which are numbers, amounts, or dates. 
The Difference is equal to Value(1) – Value(2).

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
7. Mathematical Definition: Equi Weighted Average 
Means the average of Values which are numbers, amounts, or dates. 
The Equi-Weighted Average of N Values {Value1….ValueN} is equal to: 
1
𝑁× ∑
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖=𝑁
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
N is a Value, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
i is an Incremental Number with Lower Bound Value being 1 and Upper Bound Value being N, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuei is a Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. Mathematical Definition: Weighted Average 
Means the average of Values which are numbers, amounts, or dates using specific weights attached to each 
Value, the sum of all weight being 100%. 
The weighted average of N Values {Value1….ValueN} with the weights {w1….wN} is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖×
𝑖=𝑁
𝑖=1
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖  
9. Mathematical Definition: Maximum 
Means the greatest of N Values which are numbers, amounts, or dates. 
The Maximum is equal to Max(Value(1), …, Value(N)). 
Where N is a Value  
 
10. Mathematical Definition: nth Maximum 
Means the nth highest value between N Values which are numbers, amounts, or dates. 
Thus, for example Max(1) is the Value with the highest value among the Values specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, also note that for N Values the Max(N) is the smallest. 
It is noted Max(n)(Value(1), …, Value(N)). 
11. Mathematical Definition: Time Maximum 
Means the maximum level reached by a Value during a period of time. 
Let Valuet be a Value in the form of number or amount defined at different Valuation Dates t. 
The Time Maximum is defined on a Valuation Date T with a starting date T0 and is equal to 
𝑀𝑎𝑥𝐹𝑜𝑟 𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑠 𝑡 𝑏𝑒𝑡𝑤𝑒𝑒𝑛 𝑇0𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑇 (𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡) 
12. Mathematical Definition: Minimum 
Means the smallest of N Values that are numbers, amounts, or dates. 
The Minimum is equal to Min(Value(1), …,Value(N)). 
13. Mathematical Definition: nth minimum 
Means the nth lowest value between N Values which are numbers, amounts, or dates. 
Thus, Min(1) is the Value with the lowest value among the Values specified in the applicable Final Terms , 
also note that for N Values the Min(N) is the highest. 
It is noted Min(n)(Value(1), …, Value(N)). 
14. Mathematical Definition: Time Minimum 
Means the minimum level reached by a Value during a period of time. 
Let Valuet be a Value in the form of number or amount defined at different Valuation Dates t. 
The Time Minimum is defined on a Valuation Date T with a starting date T0 and is equal to 
𝑀𝑖𝑛𝐹𝑜𝑟 𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑠 𝑡 𝑏𝑒𝑡𝑤𝑒𝑒𝑛 𝑇0𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑇 (𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡) 
15. Mathematical Definition: Maximum Up Filtered

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
Means the maximum value of a set of values that where filtered through time according to an up or maximum 
value criteria. 
Let {a1(t),… an(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Valuation Date t, the Values 
of the data to be filtered, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let T1 to Tm be a suite of m dates on which the filters are to be implemented, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Let {f1(t),…fn(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Ti, the Values of the filters 
on such Ti, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let D be the default Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let R be the replacement Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For each Ti from 1 to m the following process will take place: 
Each element for the set {a1(t),… an(t)} will be compared to its corresponding filter {f1(t),…fn(t)}, if superior 
or equal it will be replaced by R. 
On each Valuation Date t all process for Ti≤t will have taken place and the maximum of all elements of the 
remaining set within {a1(t),… an(t)} will be the Maximum Up Filtered, if all elements are equal to R then the 
Maximum Up Filtered will be deemed equal to D. 
 
16. Mathematical Definition: Minimum Up Filtered 
Means the minimum value of a set of values that where filtered through time according to an up or maximum 
value criteria. 
Let {a1(t),… an(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Valuation Date t, the Values 
of the data to be filtered, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let T1 to Tm be a suite of m dates on which the filters are to be implemented, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Let {f1(t),…fn(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Ti, the Values of the filters 
on such Ti, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let D be the default Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let R be the replacement Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For each Ti from 1 to m the following process will take place: 
Each element for the set {a1(t),… an(t)} will be compared to its corresponding filter {f1(t),…fn(t)}, if superior 
or equal it will be replaced by R. 
On each Valuation Date t all process for Ti≤t will have taken place and the minimum of all elements of the 
remaining set within {a1(t),… an(t)} will be the Minimum Up Filtered, if all elements are equal to R then the 
Minimum Up Filtered will be deemed equal to D. 
 
17. Mathematical Definition: Maximum Down Filtered 
Means the maximum value of a set of values that where filtered through time according to a down or minimum 
value criteria. 
Let {a1(t),… an(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Valuation Date t, the Values 
of the data to be filtered, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let T1 to Tm be a suite of m dates on which the filters are to be implemented, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Let {f1(t),…fn(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Ti, the Values of the filters 
on such Ti, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let D be the default Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let R be the replacement Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For each Ti from 1 to m the following process will take place: 
Each element for the set {a1(t),… an(t)} will be compared to its corresponding filter {f1(t),…fn(t)}, if inferior or 
equal it will be replaced by R. 
On each Valuation Date t all process for Ti≤t will have taken place and the maximum of all elements of the 
remaining set within {a1(t),… an(t)} will be the Maximum Down Filtered, if all elements are equal to R then 
the Maximum Down Filtered will be deemed equal to D. 
 
18. Mathematical Definition: Minimum Down Filtered

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
Means the minimum value of a set of values that where filtered through time according to a down or minimum 
value criteria. 
Let {a1(t),… an(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Valuation Date t, the Values 
of the data to be filtered, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let T1 to Tm be a suite of m dates on which the filters are to be implemented, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Let {f1(t),…fn(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Ti, the Values of the filters 
on such Ti, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let D be the default Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let R be the replacement Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For each Ti from 1 to m the following process will take place: 
Each element for the set {a1(t),… an(t)} will be compared to its corresponding filter {f1(t),…fn(t)}, if inferior or 
equal it will be replaced by R. 
On each Valuation Date t all process for Ti≤t will have taken place and the minimum of all elements of the 
remaining set within {a1(t),… an(t)} will be the Minimum Down Filtered, if all elements are equal to R then the 
Minimum Down Filtered will be deemed equal to D. 
 
19. Mathematical Definition: Product 
Means the result obtained when multiplying N Values that are numbers. 
The Product is equal to Value(1) ×…Value(N). 
 
20. Mathematical Definition: N-Product 
Means the result obtained when multiplying N Values that are numbers, or amounts. 
The N-Product is equal to ∏
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖=𝑁
𝑖=𝑎
 
 
Where: 
N is a Value, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
a is a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
i is an Incremental Number with Lower Bound Value being a and Upper Bound Value being N, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuei is a Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
21. Mathematical Definition: Division or Ratio 
Means the ratio between 2 Values which are numbers or amounts (denominated in the same currency). 
The Division, or Ratio is equal to 
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(1)
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(2). 
 
22. Mathematical Definition: Absolute Value 
Means the absolute value of a Value which is a number or amount.  
If the Value is positive the Absolute Value is the Value itself, else its opposite (Value multiplied by minus 1). 
It is noted Abs(Value). 
 
23. Mathematical Definition: Whole Part 
Means the whole part of a Value which is a number or amount. 
It is the first integer immediately inferior to the Value (if the Value is itself an integer then the whole part is the 
Value itself). 
It is noted Ent(Value). 
24. Mathematical Definition: Square Root 
Means the square root of a Value which is a positive number.

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
It is noted √𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 or Value½. 
 
25. Mathematical Definition: Cubic Root 
Means the cubic root of a Value which is a number. 
It is noted √𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
3
or Value1/3. 
 
26. Mathematical Definition: nth Root 
Means the nth root of a Value which is a number. 
It is noted √𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑛
or Value1/n. 
 
27. Mathematical Definition: Exponential 
Means the exponential value of a Value which is a number. 
It is noted exp(Value) or eValue. 
 
28. Mathematical Definition: Power Value 
The Power Value of a Value 1 which is a number to the power of Value 2 which is a number. 
The Power Value is equal to 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(1)𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(2). 
 
29. Mathematical Definition: Natural Logarithm 
Means the natural logarithm value of a Value which is a positive number (a.k.a. basis logarithm). 
It is noted Ln(Value). 
 
30. Mathematical Definition: Counted Condition 
Means an integer that counts the number of occurrences of a fulfilled condition within a specified period. 
The Counted Definition is equal to ∑1Condition True 
 
31. Mathematical Definition: Indicator Function 
Means a value that is equal to an amount or number when the Applicable Condition is met and another amount 
or number when the Applicable Condition is not met. 
The Indicator Function = {
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1 𝑖𝑓 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝐴𝑝𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑏𝑙𝑒 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑖𝑠 𝑚𝑒𝑡
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2 𝑖𝑓 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝐴𝑝𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑏𝑙𝑒 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑖𝑠 𝑛𝑜𝑡 𝑚𝑒𝑡 
 
B. Financial Values 
1. Financial Definition: Capped Value 
The Capped Value is an amount or number obtained when limiting the Value on the upside to a certain 
number, the Cap. 
The Capped Value is equal to Min(Value; Cap). 
2. Financial Definition: Floored Value 
 
The Floored Value is an amount or number obtained when limiting the Value on the downside to a certain 
number, the Floor.

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
The Floored Value is equal to Max(Value; Floor). 
3. Financial Definition: Capped and Floored Value 
The Capped and Floored Value is an amount or number obtained when limiting the Value both on the upside 
and the downside. 
The Capped and Floored Value is equal to Max(Min(Value; Cap); Floor). 
4. Financial Definition: Converted Value 
The Converted Value is an amount expressed in a currency “Dev1”, obtained from an amount expressed in 
another currency “Dev2” using the exchange rate between the 2 currencies. 
The Converted Value in Dev1 is equal to Value in Dev2× Foreign exchange Rate expressed in number of Dev1 
for the unity amount of Dev2. 
5. Financial Definition: Ratio of a Value 
The Ratio of a Value that is a number or an amount is defined between two Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being 
after t) as the ratio of the Value on such dates. 
The Ratio of a Value between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ is equal to 
Valuet′
Valuet  
6. Financial Definition: Ratio of a Debt Instrument with Coupons 
The Ratio of a Debt Instrument with Coupons is defined between two Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being after t) 
as a ratio of prices and sum of capitalized coupons on such dates. 
The Ratio of a Debt Instrument between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ is equal to: 
Pricet′ + ∑Ci
Pricet
 
Where : 
Pricet is the dirty price of the Debt Instrument on Valuation Date t as specified in the Final Terms 
Pricet’ is as the case may be, as defined in the Final Terms :  
the Debt Instrument Market Bid Price for one Debt Instrument on Valuation Date t’  
or the Final Price of the Bond  
or the Price of the Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
or the Final Price of the Contingent Bond  
or the Price of the Contingent Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
or the Final Price of the Convertible Bond  
or the Price of the Convertible Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
or the Final Price of the Perpetual Bond 
or the Price of the Perpetual Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
∑Ci is the Sum of the Capitalised Bond Coupons for one Debt Instrument, between a Valuation Date t and a 
Valuation Date t’ 
7. Financial Definition: Ratio of a Debt Instrument 
The Ratio of a Debt Instrument is defined between two Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being after t) as a ratio of 
prices on such dates. 
The Ratio of a Debt Instrument between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ is equal to: 
Pricet′
Pricet
 
Where :

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
Pricet is the dirty price of the Debt Instrument on Valuation Date t as specified in the Final Terms 
Pricet’ is as the case may be, as defined in the Final Terms :  
the Debt Instrument Market Bid Price for one Debt Instrument on Valuation Date t’  
or the Final Price of the Bond  
or the Price of the Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
or the Final Price of the Contingent Bond  
or the Price of the Contingent Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
or the Final Price of the Convertible Bond  
or the Price of the Convertible Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
or the Final Price of the Perpetual Bond 
or the Price of the Perpetual Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
 
8. Financial Definition: Spread Ratio of two Values 
The Spread Ratio of two Values that are numbers or amounts is defined between two Valuation Dates t and t’ 
(t’ being after t) as the difference of the two ratios of the Values on such dates to which 1 is added for the 
purpose of being homogeneous to a Ratio of a Value. 
The Spread Ratio between Value1 and Value2 and between a Valuation Date t and Valuation Date t’ is equal to 
1 + Value1t′
Value1t
−Value2t′
Value2t
 
9. Financial Definition: Excess Return Ratio 
The Excess Return Ratio is an amount that is defined between two Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being after t) as 
the ratio of a Value minus the risk free ratio.  
 
The Excess Return Ratio between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ is equal to: 
1 + Value1t′
Value1t
−RiskFreeRatio (t′, t) 
Where  
RiskFreeRatio(t’,t) means a risk free ratio calculated between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’, as 
specified in the Final Terms 
10. Financial Definition: Performance of a Value 
The Performance of a Value that is a number or an amount is defined between two Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ 
being after t) as the ratio of the Value on such dates minus 1. 
The Performance of a Value between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ is equal to 
Valuet′
Valuet −1 
 
11. Financial Definition: Spread Performance of two Values 
The Spread Performance of two Values that are numbers or amounts is defined between two Valuation Dates t 
and t’ (t’ being after t) as the difference of the two ratios of the Values on such dates. 
The Spread Performance between Value1 and Value2 and between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ 
is equal to: 
Value1t′
Value1t
−Value2t′
Value2t
 
12. Financial Definition: Spread Performance with Monetary of two Values

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
The Spread Performance with Monetary of two Values that are numbers or amounts is defined between two 
Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being after t) as the difference of the two ratios of the Values with a monetary value 
on such dates. 
The Spread Performance with Monetary of two Values between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ is 
equal to: 
MonetaryDrivert + Value1t′
Value1t
−Value2t′
Value2t
 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
 
13. Financial Definition: Average Ratio of a Value  
The Average Ratio of a Value that is a number or an amount is defined between two set of dates {Valuation 
Dates t1, t2, t3, t4, … } and {Valuation Dates t’1, t’2, t’3, t’4, … } (t’s being after the ts) as the average ratio of the 
Value on such dates. 
The Average Ratio of a Value between two set of dates {Valuation Dates t1, t2, t3, t4, … } and {Valuation Dates 
t’1, t’2, t’3, t’4, … } is equal to: 
1
𝑁×∑
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑡𝑗
′
𝑁
𝑗=1
1
𝐷×∑
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑡𝑖
𝐷
𝑖=1
  
N, D are integer as defined in the Final Terms 
{Valuation Dates t1, t2, t3, t4, … } and {Valuation Dates t’1, t’2, t’3, t’4, … } are sets of dates defined in the Final 
Terms 
Value is defined in the Final Terms 
 
 
  
14. Financial Definition: Linear Financing Value 
The Linear Financing aims to describe how a Value can evolve through time, between two dates, when subject 
to an increment that is a linear rate. 
The Linear Financing of a Value which is a number or amount is equal to Value×(100%+
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒×𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠) 
Where:  
Rate and Basis are defined in the Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
 
15. Financial Definition: Linear Annualized Performance of a Value 
The Linear Annualized Performance of a Value is a number that, when accrued represents the Ratio of a Value 
The Linear Annualized Performance of a Value is equal to 
Valuet′
Valuet −1
dt
Basis
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
Basis is defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
16. Financial Definition: Composite Capitalized Value 
The Composite Capitalized Value aims to describe how a Value can evolve through time, between two dates, 
when accrued at a certain rate. 
The Composite Capitalized Value of a Value which is a number or amount is equal to :

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 × (100% + 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 +  𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑)
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠 
 
Where:  
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
Rate, Spread and Basis are defined in the Final Terms. 
 
17. Financial Definition:Linear Capitalized Value 
The Linear Capitalized Value aims to describe how a Value can evolve through time, between two dates, when 
accrued at a certain rate. 
The Linear Capitalized Value of a Value which is a number or amount is equal to 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 × (100% +
(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 +  𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑) ×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠) 
Where:  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
Rate, Spread and Basis are defined in the Final Terms.. 
 
18. Financial Definition: Iterative Composite Capitalized Value 
The Iterative Composite Capitalized Value aims to describe how a Value can evolve through time, between two 
Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being after t), when accrued at a certain rate defined on each Valuation Date. 
The Iterative Composite Capitalized Value of a Value which is a number or amount is equal to 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒×
∏
(100% + 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖−1 + 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑)
𝑑𝑖
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠
𝑖=𝑡′
𝑖=𝑡
 
Where:  
Ratei means the Capitalization Rate defined in the Final Terms on the Valuation Date i 
di means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
Spread and Basis are defined in the Final Terms 
 
19. Financial Definition: Iterative Linear Capitalized Value 
The Iterative Linear Capitalized Value aims to describe how a Value can evolve through time, between two 
Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being after t), when accrued at a certain rate defined on each Valuation Date. 
The Iterative Linear Capitalized Value of a Value which is a number or amount is equal to 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒×
∏
(100% + (𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖−1 + 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑) ×
𝑑𝑖
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠)
𝑖=𝑡′
𝑖=𝑡
 
Where:  
Ratei means the Capitalization Rate defined in the Final Terms on the Valuation Date i 
di means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
Spread and Basis are defined in the Final Terms 
 
20. Financial Definition: Capitalized Value with Monetary Driver 
The Capitalized Value aims to describe how a Value can evolve through time, between two dates, when 
accrued at a certain rate. 
The Capitalized Value with Index of a Value, between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ (t’>t) is a 
number or amount equal to  
Value × (MonetaryDriver𝑡′ + Spread ×
dt
B
)

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
Where:  
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
Spread and Basis are defined in the Final Terms 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
Valuation Date t and Valuation Date t’ are defined in the Final Terms 
B is the Basis as defined in the Final Terms 
Value is defined in the Final Terms 
 
 
21. Financial Definition: Actualized Value 
The Actualized Value aims to describe how a Value can be discounted at a certain rate, between two dates. 
The Actualized Value of a Value which is a number or amount is equal to  
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
(100% + 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠
 
Where:  
Rate and Basis mean the Actualization Rate and the Basis defined in the Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
 
22. Financial Definition: Annualized Performance of a Value 
The Annualized Performance of a Value is a number that, when capitalized, represents the Ratio of a Value. 
The Annualized Performance of a Value is equal to (
Valuet′
Valuet )
Basis
dt −1 
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
Basis means the Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
23. Financial Definition: Zero-Coupon Value 
Means an amount determined at a certain Valuation Date t, prior to a Valuation Date t’, equivalent of an 
amount of 1 at this Valuation Date t’. 
Namely a zero-coupon maturing on a Valuation Date t’ with a value equal to 1 at such Valuation Date t’ and 
calculated, with a certain rate and basis, on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
1 (𝑒𝑥𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑠𝑒𝑑 𝑖𝑛 𝑎 𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑦)
(100%+𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡)
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠
 
Where:  
Ratet mean the rate on a Valuation date t and defined in the Final Terms 
Basis defined in the Final Terms 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
24. Financial Definition: Spread Zero-Coupon Value 
Means an amount determined at a certain date t, prior to a Valuation Date t’, equivalent of an amount of 1 on 
this Valuation Date t’. 
Namely a zero-coupon maturing on a Valuation Date t’ with a value equal to 1 at this date and calculated, with 
a certain Rate and Basis, on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
1 (𝑒𝑥𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑠𝑒𝑑 𝑖𝑛 𝑎 𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑦)
(100% + 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡+ 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑)
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠
 
Where:

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
Spread is defined in the Final Terms 
Ratet means the rate on a Valuation date t and defined in the Final Terms 
Basis defined in the Final Terms 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
 
25. Financial Definition: Linear Floor  
Means an amount defined at any date between two dates, varying linearly. 
The Linear Floor Value on a Valuation Date t between the Valuation Date 1 and the Valuation Date 2 is equal 
to 𝑉0 + (𝑉𝑓−𝑉0) ×
𝑑𝑡
𝑇 
Where:  
V0 means a Value specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Valuation Date 1. 
Vf means a Value specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Valuation Date 2.  
T means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date 1 and the Valuation Date 2. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date 1 and the Valuation Date t. 
 
26. Financial Definition: Forward Exchange with Basis swap on Denominator 
Means a foreign exchange rate, obtained using a known exchange rate on a Valuation Date t and the interests 
rates of both currencies of the exchange rate. It is the anticipated exchange rate on a Valuation Date t’ in the 
absence of arbitrage that includes the respective spreads of both currencies called Basis Swap, applied to the 
second currency. 
 
The Forward Exchange Rate with Basis swap on Denominator on Valuation Date t’, determined on a Valuation 
Date t is equal to 
𝐹𝑊𝐷𝑡′ = 𝐹𝑋𝑡×
(1 + 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑦𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒1𝑡×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠)
(1 + (𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑦𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒2𝑡+ 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠𝑆𝑤𝑎𝑝𝑡) ×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠)
 
Where: 
FXt means the Foreign Exchange Rate as specified in the Final Terms on a relevant Valuation Date t, 
MonetaryReferenceRate1t means the Value of the risk-free rate of the currency 1 on the Valuation Date t, as 
defined in the Final Terms, 
MonetaryReferenceRate2t means the Value of the risk-free rate of the currency 2 on the Valuation Date t, as 
defined in the Final Terms, 
BasisSwapt means the rate spread, issued from cross currency swaps, on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the 
Final Terms, 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t’ (inclusive or exclusive), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Basis is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
27. Financial Definition: Forward Exchange with Basis swap on Numerator 
Means a foreign exchange rate, obtained using a known exchange rate on a Valuation Date t and the interests 
rates of both currencies of the exchange rate. It is the anticipated exchange rate on a Valuation Date t’ in the 
absence of arbitrage that includes the respective spreads of both currencies called Basis Swap, applied to the 
first currency. 
The Forward Exchange Rate with Basis swap on Numerator on Valuation Date t’, determined on a Valuation 
Date t is equal to 
𝐹𝑊𝐷𝑡′ = 𝐹𝑋𝑡×
(1 + (𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑦𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒1𝑡+ 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠𝑆𝑤𝑎𝑝𝑡) ×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠)
(1 + 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑦𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒2𝑡×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠)
 
Where: 
FXt means the Foreign Exchange Rate as specified in the Final Terms on a relevant Valuation Date t, 
MonetaryReferenceRate1t means the Value of the risk-free rate of the currency 1 on the Valuation Date t, as 
defined in the Final Terms,

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
MonetaryReferenceRate2t means the Value of the risk-free rate of the currency 2 on the Valuation Date, as 
defined in the Final Terms, 
BasisSwapt means the rate spread, issued from cross currency swaps, on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the 
Final Terms, 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t (exclusive or inclusive) and t’ 
(inclusive or exclusive) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Basis is defined in the Final Terms. 
 
28. Financial Definition: ExpoVol 
Means a number that represents the exposure to a risky asset and is determined with respect to a volatility 
indicator. 
The ExpoVol is equal to Min(Cap; VolTargetLevel / VH). 
Where:  
VH means the volatility indicator as defined in the Final Terms and can be a Historic Volatility, a Centered 
Historic Volatility, a Historic Volatility with Lag, or a Centered Historic Volatility with Lag. 
Cap and VolTargetLevel are specified in the Final Terms. 
 
29. Financial Definition: ExpoBeta 
Means a number that represents the exposure to a risky asset and is determined with respect to a beta 
indicator. 
The ExpoBeta is equal to Max[Floor, Min(Cap; HB)]. 
Where:  
HB means the beta indicator as defined in the Final Terms, it can be a Historic Beta, or Historic Beta with Lag. 
Cap and Floor are specified in the Final Terms. 
 
30. Financial Definition: Adjustment Rate 
The Adjustment Rate is a number that is computed for the purposed of adjusting the number of Equity 
Instrument when the latter is subject to a payment of dividend. 
The Adjustment Rate is equal to 
P+D
P  
Where:  
P refers to the closing price of the Equity Instrument on the Exchange on the last Exchange Business Day 
immediately preceding the date on which the dividend is detached. 
D is the Dividend of an Equity Instrument, be it the Net or Gross Share Dividend as defined in III A or 
Expected Dividend, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
31. Financial Definition: Linear Excess Adjustment Rate 
The Linear Excess Adjustment Rate is a number that is computed for the purposes of adjusting the number of 
Equity Instrument when the latter is subject to a payment of dividend as compared to a hypothesis. 
The Linear Excess Adjustment Rate is equal to 
P+D−De
P
 
Where:  
P refers to the closing price of the Equity Instrument on the Exchange on the last Exchange Business Day 
immediately preceding the date on which the dividend is detached.  
D is the Dividend of an Equity Instrument, be it the Net or Gross Share Dividend as defined in III A or 
Expected Dividend, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
De is an amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
32. Financial Definition: Multiplicative Excess Adjustment Rate

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
The Multiplicative Excess Adjustment Rate is a number that is computed for the purposed of adjusting the 
number of Equity Instrument when the latter is subject to a payment of dividend as compared to a hypothesis. 
The Multiplicative Excess Adjustment Rate is equal to
𝑃−𝐷𝑒
𝑃−𝛼×𝐷 
Where:  
P refers to the closing price of the Equity Instrument on the Exchange on the last Exchange Business Day 
immediately preceding the date on which the dividend is detached. 
D is the Dividend of an Equity Instrument, be it the Net or Gross Share Dividend as defined in III A or 
Expected Dividend, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
De is an amount. 
α is a percentage, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
33. Financial Definition: Zero Coupon Rate  
The Zero Coupon Rate is a rate used in a zero coupon value calculation, it may be an observed value or a 
determined value. 
The Zero Coupon Rate is either a Value: 
(i) 
observed on a Valuation Time on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in 
the Final Terms ; or 
(ii) determined by the Calculation Agent as an interpolation between Values observed on a Valuation Time 
on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in the Final Terms ; or 
(iii) determined by the Calculation Agent from Reference Rate(s) or Fixed Rate(s) and specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
34. Financial Definition: Financing Rate 
The Financing Coupon Rate is a rate that may be an observed value or a determined value. 
The Financing Rate is either a Value: 
(i) 
observed on a Valuation Time on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in 
the Final Terms ; or 
(ii) determined by the Calculation Agent as an interpolation between Values observed on a Valuation Time 
on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in the Final Terms ; or 
(iii) determined by the Calculation Agent from Reference Rate(s) or Fixed Rate(s) and specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
35. Financial Definition: Capitalization Rate  
 The Capitalization Rate is a rate that may be an observed value or a determined value. 
The Capitalization Rate is either a Value: 
(i) 
observed on a Valuation Time on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in 
the Final Terms ; or 
(ii) determined by the Calculation Agent as an interpolation between Values observed on a Valuation Time 
on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in the Final Terms ; or 
(iii) determined by the Calculation Agent f from Reference Rate(s) or Fixed Rate(s) and specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
36. Financial Definition: Actualization Rate  
The Actualization Rate is a rate that may be an observed value or a determined value. 
The Actualization Rate is either a Value: 
(i) 
observed on a Valuation Time on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in 
the Final Terms ; or 
(ii) determined by the Calculation Agent as an interpolation between Values observed on a Valuation Time 
on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in the Final Terms ; or 
(iii) determined by the Calculation Agent from Reference Rate(s) or Fixed Rate(s) and specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
37. Financial Definition : Caplet Rate Option 
The Caplet Rate Option is the pay off of a rate caplet

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
The Caplet Rate Option on a Valuation Date t, for a period between Valuation Date t’ and Valuation Date t is 
equal to 
Max(Rate(t′) −K; 0) × DayCount(t′, t) 
Where  
Rate(t’) is the relevant Reference Rate as defined in the Final Terms, in relation with Valuation Date t’ 
K is the strike and is defined in the Final Terms 
DayCount(t’,t) is the Day Count Fraction, as defined in the Final Terms 
         
 
38. Financial Definition : Cap Rate Option Capitalised 
The Cap Rate Option Capitalised is the payoff of a rate cap capitalised until a Valuation Date t 
The Cap Rate Option Capitalised on a Valuation Date t, is equal to: 
∑Max(Rate(i) −K; 0) × DayCount(i, i + 1) × CapiFactor(i + 1; t)
i=n
i=a
 
Where  
a and n are defined in the Final Terms 
Rate(i) is the relevant Reference Rate as defined in the Final Terms, in relation with Valuation Date i 
K is the strike and is defined in the Final Terms 
DayCount(i,i+1) is the Day Count Fraction, as defined in the Final Terms 
CapiFactor(i+1 ; t) is an Iterative Linear Capitalized Value and is defined in the Final Terms 
 
39. Financial Definition : Floorlet Rate Option 
The Floorlet Rate Option is the payoff of a rate floorlet 
The Floorlet Rate Option on a Valuation Date t, for a period between Valuation Date t’ and Valuation Date t is 
equal to: 
Max(K −Rate(t′); 0) × DayCount(t′, t) 
Where : 
Rate(t’) is the relevant Reference Rate defined in the Final Terms, in relation with Valuation Date t’ 
K is the strike and is defined in the Final Terms 
DayCount(t’,t) is the Day Count Fraction, as defined in the Final Terms.         
 
 
40. Financial Definition : Floor Rate Option Capitalised 
The Floor Rate Option Capitalised is the pay off of a rate floor capitalized until a Valuation Date t 
The Floor Rate Option Capitalised on a Valuation Date t, is equal to 
∑Max(K −Rate(i); 0) × DayCount(i, i + 1) × CapiFactor(i + 1; t)
i=n
i=a
 
Where : 
a and n are defined in the Final Terms 
Rate(i) is the relevant Reference Rate as defined in the Final Terms, in relation with Valuation Date i 
K is the strike and is defined in the Final Terms 
DayCount(i,i+1) is the Day Count Fraction, as defined in the Final Terms 
CapiFactor(i+1 ; t) is an Iterative Linear Capitalized Value and as defined in the Final Terms 
 
 
  
C. Basket Values 
1. Basket Definition: Basket 
A Basket is a set {a1(t),… an(t)} of n (n is an integer) Values being numbers, amounts, dates, names, etc… 
without limitation. 
 
2. Basket Definition: Increasing Ranked Basket 
An Increasing Ranked Basket is obtained from a Basket composed of Values that are number, amounts or

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
dates, where an order can be defined. The Increasing Ranked Basket is the Basket ordered in a way that each 
term is inferior or equal to the following when reading the set. 
 
3. Basket Definition: Worst of Basket 
The first Value when reading the set of the Increasing Ranked Basket. 
 
4. Basket Definition: Decreasing Ranked Basket 
A Decreasing Ranked Basket is obtained from a Basket composed of Values that are number, amounts or 
dates, where an order can be defined. The Decreasing Ranked Basket is the Basket ordered in a way that each 
term is superior or equal to the following when reading the set. 
 
5. Basket Definition: Select Basket 
The Select Basket is a subset of an Increasing Ranked Basket composed of the NSelect first Values of the Basket, 
when reading the set. 
With NSelect as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. Basket Definition: Median Basket 
The Median Basket is a subset of an Increasing Ranked Basket obtained by removing the highest NBest Values 
and the lowest NWorst Values. 
With NBest and NWorst as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. Basket Definition: Weighted Basket 
A Weighted Basket is a set {[a1(t),w1(t)],… [an(t),wn(t)]} of n (n is an integer) pair of Values formed by a first 
part being numbers, amounts, dates, names, etc… without limitation and a second part that is a number the 
sum of all wi(t) being 1 for all t. 
 
8. Basket Definition: Weighted Basket Value 
When the Weighted Basket is composed of a first part that is a number or an amount, the Weighted Basket 
Value is the equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖(𝑡) × 𝑎𝑖(𝑡)
𝑖=𝑛
𝑖=1
 
 
9. Basket Definition: Select Basket Value 
The Select Basket Value is the equal to 
1
NSelect × ∑
ai(t)
i=NSelect
i=1
 
With all ai(t) in the Select Basket. 
 
10. Basket Definition: Median Basket Value 
The Median Basket Value is the equal to 
1
𝑁Median × ∑
𝑎𝑖(𝑡)
𝑖=𝑁Median
𝑖=1
 
With all ai(t) in the Median Basket and 𝑁Median the number of Values within the Median Basket equal to the 
number in the Basket minus NBest minus NWorst. 
 
11. Basket Definition: Equi Weighted Basket

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
An Equi Weighted Basket is a set {[a1(t),
1
𝑛],… [an(t), 
1
𝑛]} of n (n is an integer) pair of Values formed by a first 
part being numbers, amounts, dates, names, etc… without limitation and a second part being 
1
𝑛. 
 
12. Basket Definition: Equi Weighted Basket Value 
When the Equi Weighted Basket is composed of a first part that is a number or an amount, the Equi Weighted 
Basket Value is the equal to 
1
𝑛× ∑
𝑎𝑖(𝑡)
𝑖=𝑛
𝑖=1
 
13. Basket Definition: Weighted Increasing Ranked Basket Value 
Let wi(t) be n weights, numbers with a sum equal to 100%. 
The weighted increasing ranked basket value is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖(𝑡) × 𝑟𝑎𝑖(𝑡)
𝑖=𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where rai is the ith term in the Increasing Ranked Basket. 
 
14. Basket Definition: Weighted Decreasing Ranked Basket Value a.k.a Rainbow Basket Value. 
Let wi(t) be n weights, numbers with a sum equal to 100%. 
The weighted decreasing ranked basket value is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖(𝑡) × 𝑟𝑎𝑖(𝑡)
𝑖=𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where rai is the ith term in the Decreasing Ranked Basket. 
 
D. Cost Values 
 
1. Cost Definition: Added Costs Net Value 
Means a number or amount that diminishes linearly for the purpose of being net of costs. 
The Annual Costs is equal to Value−𝐹×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵 
Where:  
F means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date t as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date t’.  
B means the Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2. Cost Definition: Added Costs Net Value Striked 
Means a number or amount that diminishes linearly for the purpose of being net of costs, including a fixed 
cost. 
The Annual Costs Striked on a Valuation Date t is equal to Value−𝐹×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵−𝐾 
Where:  
F means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Added Costs Net Value Striked. 
B means the Basis. 
K a level as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3. Cost Definition: Multiplied Costs Net Value  
Means a number or amount that diminishes linearly in percentage for the purpose of being net of costs. 
The Multiplied Costs Net Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to Value× (100% −𝐹×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵) 
Where:  
F means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Multiplied Costs Net Value.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
B means the Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4. Cost Definition: Multiplied Cost Net Value Striked 
Means a number or amount that diminishes linearly in percentage for the purpose of being net of costs, 
including a fixed cost. 
The Multiplied Costs Net Value Striked on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
Value× (100% −𝐹×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵) −𝐾 
Where:  
F means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Multiplied Costs Net Value Striked.  
B means the Basis. 
K is a level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5. Cost Definition: Mixed Costs Net Value 
Means a number or amount that diminishes linearly both in value and in percentage for the purpose of being 
net of costs. 
The Mixed Costs Net Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
Value× [(100% −𝐹)
𝑑𝑡
𝐵−𝐹′ ×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵′] 
Where:  
F and F’ means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final 
Termsand the Valuation Date of the Mixed Costs Net Value.  
B and B’ means the Basis 
K is a level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. Cost Definition: Mixed Cost Net Value Striked 
Means a number or amount that diminishes linearly both in value and in percentage for the purpose of being 
net of costs, including a fixed cost. 
The Mixed Costs Net Value Striked on a Valuation Date t is equal to : 
Value × [(100% −F)
dt
B −F′ ×
dt
B′] −K 
Where:  
F and F’ means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Mixed Costs Net Value Striked.  
B and B’ means the Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
7. Cost Definition: Composite Costs Net Value 
Means a number or amount that diminishes in an accrued manner for the purpose of being net of costs. 
The Composite Costs Net Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to : Value× (100% −F)
dt
B  
Where:  
F means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Composite Costs Net Value.  
B means the Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
8. Cost Definition: Composite Costs Net Value Striked 
Means a number or amount that diminishes in an accrued manner for the purpose of being net of costs, 
including a fixed cost.

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
The Composite Costs Net Value Striked on a Valuation Date t is equal to :  
Value× (100% −𝐹)
𝑑𝑡
𝐵−𝐾 
Where:  
F means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Composite Costs Net Value Striked. 
B means the Basis. 
K is a level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
9. Cost Definition: Volatility Costs Net Value  
Means a number or amount that diminishes in an indexed accrued manner for the purpose of being net of 
costs. 
The Volatility Costs Net Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to : 
Value× (100% −Indexation × Max(Floor, Relevant Volatility))
dt
B  
Where:  
Relevant Volatility means the Historic Volatility, or Historic Volatility of a Strategy, with or without Lag, 
centered or not, as the case may be. 
Indexation and Floor are the levels of indexation to the Relevant Volatility, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Volatility Costs Net Value. 
B means the Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
10. Cost Definition: Volatility Costs Net Value Striked 
Means a number or amount that diminishes in an indexed accrued manner for the purpose of being net of 
costs, including a fixed cost. 
The Volatility Costs Net Value Striked on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
Value × (100% −Indexation × Max(Floor, Relevant Volatility))
dt
B −𝐾 
Where:  
Relevant Volatility means the Historic Volatility, or Historic Volatility of a Strategy, with or without Lag, 
centered or not, as the case may be. 
Indexation and Floor are the levels of indexation to the Relevant Volatility, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Volatility Costs Net Value Striked. 
B means the Basis. 
K is a level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11. Cost Definition: Outperformance Costs Net Value  
Means a number or amount that is linked to the respective performances of two Values. 
The Outperformance Costs Net Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒0 × ∏[ 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1𝑖
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1𝑖−1
−𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛× 𝑀𝑎𝑥( 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1𝑖
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1𝑖−1
−𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2𝑖
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2𝑖−1
−𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑; 0)]
𝑑𝑡
1
 
Where:  
Value1i means a Value on the Valuation Datei.  
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Outperformance Costs Net Value. 
Indexation and Spread are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
12. Cost Definition: Outperformance Costs Net Value Striked

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
Means a number or amount that is linked to the respective performances of two Values, including a fixed cost. 
The Outperformance Costs Net Value Striked on a Valuation Date t is equal to  
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒0 × ∏[ 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1𝑖
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1𝑖−1
−𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛× 𝑀𝑎𝑥( 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖−1
−𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2𝑖
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2𝑖−1
−𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑; 0)]
𝑑𝑡
1
−𝐾 
Where:  
ValueIi means a Value on the Valuation Datei.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Outperformance Costs Net Value Striked. 
Indexation and Spread are specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
K means a level as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
13. Cost Definition: Leverage Cost Value 
Means a number or amount that is linked to the funding of a leverage part. 
The Leverage Cost Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to  
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−100%) × ∏[1 + (𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖−1 + 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑) × 𝑑𝑖
𝐵]
𝑡
𝑖=1
 
Where:  
Leverage means a number expressed in percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
di means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date i-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date i (inclusive or exclusive). 
t means the number of Valuation Dates between a Valuation Date (exclusive or inclusive) as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Valuation Date of the Leverage Cost Value (inclusive or exclusive). 
Ratei means the Capitalization Rate defined in the Final Terms on the Valuation Date i 
Spread means the spread applied to the loan as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
14. Cost Definition: Early Leverage Cost Value Before First Valuation Date 
Means a number or amount that is linked to the funding of a leverage part, in case of early redemption and 
where the early settlement determination day is before or on the first valuation date used for the leverage 
calculation 
The Early Leverage Cost Value Before First Valuation Date on a Valuation Date t is equal to  
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−100%) × [1 + (𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒+ 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑) × 𝑑𝑖
𝐵] 
Where:  
Leverage means the Leverage as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
di means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date (exclusive or inclusive) as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Valuation Date of the Early Leverage Cost Value Before First Valuation Date 
(inclusive or exclusive). 
Rate means the Capitalization Rate defined in the Final Terms 
Spread means the spread applied to the loan as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
15. Cost Definition: Early Leverage Cost Value 
Means a number or amount that is linked to the funding of a leverage part. 
The Early Leverage Cost Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to  
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−100%) × (∏[1 + (𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖−1 + 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑) × 𝑑𝑖
𝐵]
𝑡
𝑖=1
) × (1 + (𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡+ 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑) × 𝑑𝑘
𝐵) 
Where:  
Leverage means the Leverage as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
di means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date i-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date i (inclusive or exclusive). 
dk means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date of the Early Leverage Cost Value (inclusive or exclusive).

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
t means the Entire number of Valuation Dates between a Valuation Date (exclusive or inclusive) as defined in 
the applicable Final Terms and the Valuation Date of the Early Leverage Cost Value (inclusive or exclusive). 
Ratei means the Capitalization Rate defined in the Final Terms on the Valuation Date i 
Spread means the spread applied to the loan as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
E. Statistical Values 
 
1. Statistical Definition: Historic Beta  
The Historic Beta is a covariance between two series of performances. 
The Historic Beta on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
∑
𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(1)𝑡−𝑗) × 𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(2)𝑡−𝑗)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
∑
𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(2)𝑡−𝑗) × 𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(2)𝑡−𝑗)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Driver(i)t means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be 
a Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2. Statistical Definition: Historic Beta with Lag 
The Historic Beta with Lag is a covariance between two series of performances computed with a delay. 
The Historic Beta with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
∑
𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(1)𝑡−𝑗−𝑙𝑎𝑔) × 𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(2)𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
∑
𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(2)𝑡−𝑗−𝑙𝑎𝑔) × 𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(2)𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Driver(i)t means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be 
a Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3. Statistical Definition: Historic Beta of Strategies 
The Historic Beta of Strategies is a covariance between the performances of two Strategies. 
The Historic Beta of Strategies on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
∑
𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(1)𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(1)𝑡−𝑗−1) × 𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−1)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
∑
𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−1) × 𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−1)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns 
Strategy(i)t means a Strategy (i) on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4. Statistical Definition: Historic Beta of Strategies with Lag 
The Historic Beta of Strategies with Lag is a covariance between the performances of two Strategies computed 
with a delay. 
The Historic Beta of Strategies with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
∑
𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(1)𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(1)𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔) × 𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
∑
𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔) × 𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns 
Strategy(i)t means a Strategy (i) on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5. Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility 
The Historic Volatility is the square root of the variance of a performance. 
The Historic Volatility on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
6. Statistical Definition: Variance 
The Variance represents the dispersion of performances; it is also the square of the Historic Volatility. 
The Variance on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms.B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the 
returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
7. Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility with Lag 
The Historic Volatility is the square root of the variance of a performance, computed with a delay. 
The Historic Volatility with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a Ratio, 
an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a 
Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.N’ means a standardization coefficient.

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
8. Statistical Definition: Variance with Lag 
The Variance with Lag represents the dispersion of performances computed with a delay; it is also the square 
of the Historic Volatility with Lag. 
The Variance with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms.N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
9. Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility of a Strategy 
The Historic Volatility of Strategy is the square root of the variance of the performances of a Strategy. 
The Historic Volatility of Strategy on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1
)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
10. Statistical Definition: Variance of a Strategy 
The Variance of a Strategy represents the dispersion of performances of a Strategy; it is also the square of the 
Historic Volatility of a Strategy. 
The Variance of a Strategy on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1
)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11. Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag 
The Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag is the square root of the variance of performances of a Strategy, 
computed with a delay.

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
The Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔
)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
 
N means the number of logarithmic returns 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
12. Statistical Definition: Variance of a Strategy with Lag 
The Variance of a Strategy with Lag represents the dispersion of performances of a Strategy computed with a 
delay; it is also the square of the Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag. 
 
The Variance of a Strategy with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔
)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns. 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
13. Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility  
The Centered Historic Volatility is the square root of the centered variance of a performance, the latter being 
the dispersion of performances as compared to the average performance. 
The Centered Historic Volatility on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑘)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
14. Statistical Definition: Centered Variance 
The Centered Variance represents the dispersion of performances compared to the average performance; it is 
also the square of the Centered Historic Volatility. 
The Centered Variance on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑘)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]
2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
15. Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility with Lag 
The Centered Historic Volatility with Lag is the square root of the centered variance with Lag of a 
performance, the latter being the dispersion of performances as compared to the average performance 
computed with a delay. 
The Centered Historic Volatility with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑘−𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
16. Statistical Definition: Centered Variance with Lag 
The Centered Variance with Lag is the dispersion of performances as compared to the average performance 
computed with a delay it is also the square of the Centered Historic Volatility with Lag. 
The Centered Variance with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑘−𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]
2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where: 
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
17. Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy  
The Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy is the square root of the centered variance of performances of a 
Strategy, the latter being the dispersion of performances of a Strategy as compared to the average 
performance of a Strategy. 
The Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy on a Valuation Date t is equal to:

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1
) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘−1
)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns. 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
18. Statistical Definition: Centered Variance of a Strategy 
The Centered Variance of a Strategy is the dispersion of performances of a Strategy as compared to the 
average performance of a Strategy; it is also the square of the Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy. 
The Centered Variance of a Strategy on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1
) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘−1
)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
 
N means the number of logarithmic returns. 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
19. Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag 
The Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag is the square root of the centered variance of 
performances of a Strategy computed with a delay, the latter being the dispersion of performances of a 
Strategy as compared to the average performance of a Strategy computed with a delay. 
The Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔
) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔
)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns. 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
20. Statistical Definition: Centered Variance of a Strategy with Lag 
The Centered Variance of a Strategy with Lag is the centered variance of performances of a Strategy as 
compared to the average performance of a Strategy computed with a delay, it is also the square of the 
Centered Volatility of a Strategy with Lag. 
The Centered Variance of a Strategy with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔
) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔
)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns.

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F. Product Values 
1. Product Definition: Call 
Means an amount obtained when having the capacity to benefit from the increase of a Value on a Valuation 
Date t (that is an amount) as compared to a certain fixed amount, the Strike. 
Call equals to Max(0; Valuet-Strike). 
Where Valuet is a Value on a Valuation Date t and Strike is an amount, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
2. Product Definition: Put 
Means an amount obtained when having the capacity to benefit from the decrease of a Value on a Valuation 
Date t (that is an amount) as compared to a certain fixed amount, the Strike. 
Put equals to Max(0; Strike- Valuet). 
Where Valuet is a Value on a Valuation Date t and Strike is an amount, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
3. Product Definition: Ratcheted Value 
Means an amount or a number obtained when comparing the Time Maximum of a Value and the Ratchet 
Barrier (both being amounts or numbers). 
(a) 
If Time Maximum ≥ Ratchet Barrier: 
Ratcheted Value = Max(Ratchet Level, Value) 
(b) 
Otherwise  
Ratcheted Value = Value 
Where: 
Time Maximum is the Time Maximum of the Value.  
Ratchet Barrier, Ratchet Level and the Valuation Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4. Product Definition : Lock-Up Value 
Means the Lock-Up Level if the Value has reached the Lock-Up Barrier on at least one of the Valuation Dates. 
Otherwise, Lock-Up Value means the Value. 
(a) If Time Maximum > or ≥ Lock-Up Barrier: 
Lock-Up Value = Lock-Up Level 
(b) Otherwise  
Lock-Up Value = Value 
Where: 
Time Maximum is the Time Maximum of the Value. 
Lock-Up Barrier, Lock-Up Level and the Valuation Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5. Product Definition : Ladder Value 
Means the greater of the Value and the highest of the Ladder Levels reached by the Value:

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
- 
If the Value has never reached the Ladder Barrier(1) on any of the Valuation Dates ,  
Ladder Value = Value,  
- 
If the Value has reached the Ladder Barrier(1) but has never reached the Ladder Barrier(2) on any of the 
Valuation Dates,  
Ladder Value = Max(Value, Ladder Level(1)),  
- 
If the Value has reached the Ladder Barrier(2) but has never reached the Ladder Barrier(3) on any of the 
Valuation Date,  
Ladder Value = Max(Value, Ladder Level(2)),  
- 
If the Value has reached the Ladder Barrier(n) but has never reached the Ladder Barrier(n+1) on any of the 
Valuation Dates ,  
Ladder Value = Max(Value, Ladder Level(n)),  
And so on 
The Ladder Barriers(n) and Ladder Levels(n) are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
6. Product Definition : Mensuello Performance 
Means the sum of the Performances determined between two consecutive monthly Valuation Dates and in 
which the N best Performances are replaced by Monthly Level in calculating the sum: 
𝐌𝐞𝐧𝐬𝐮𝐞𝐥𝐥𝐨𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞= N × MonthlyLevel + ∑PerformanceR(i)
i=P−N
i=1
 
 
Where: 
N, the Valuation Dates and the Monthly Level are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
P is the total number of Performances calculated between two consecutive monthly Valuation Dates.  
PerformanceR(i) means the ith lowest of the P Performances calculated between two consecutive monthly 
Valuation Dates. 
7. Product Definition : Trimestrio Performance 
Means the sum of the Performances determined between two consecutive quarterly Valuation Dates and in 
which the N best Performances are replaced by Quarterly Level in calculating the Sum: 
𝐓𝐫𝐢𝐦𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐢𝐨𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞= N × QuarterlyLevel + ∑PerformanceR(i)
i=P−N
i=1
  
Where: 
N, the Valuation Dates and the Quarterly Level are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
P is the total number of Performances calculated between two consecutive quarterly Valuation Dates.  
PerformanceR(i) means the ith lowest of the P Performances calculated between two consecutive quarterly 
Valuation Dates .  
 
8. Product Definition : Semestrio Performance 
Means the sum of the Performances determined between two consecutive semi-annual Valuation Dates and in 
which the N best Performances are replaced by the Semi-Annual Level in calculating the sum: 
𝐒𝐞𝐦𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐢𝐨𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞= N × Semi −AnnualLevel + ∑PerformanceR(i)
i=P−N
i=1
 
 
Where: 
N, the Valuation Dates and the Semi-Annual Level are defined in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
P is the total number of Performances calculated between two consecutive semi-annual Valuation Dates 
PerformanceR(i) means the ith lowest of the P Performances calculated between two consecutive semi-annual 
Valuation Dates. 
 
9. Product Definition : Annualo Performance 
Means the sum of the Performances determined between two consecutive annual Valuation Dates and in which 
the N best Performances are replaced by Annual Level in calculating the sum: 
 
𝐀𝐧𝐧𝐮𝐚𝐥𝐨𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞= N × AnnualLevel + ∑PerformanceR(i)
i=P−N
i=1
 
  
Where: 
N, the Valuation Dates and the Annual Level are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
P is the total number of Performances calculated between two consecutive annual Valuation Dates. 
PerformanceR(i) means the ith lowest of the P Performances calculated between two consecutive annual 
Valuation Dates. 
 
10. Product Definition : Bengal Performance 
Means the sum of the Capped/Floored Values of the Performances determined between two consecutive 
Valuation Dates 
𝐁𝐞𝐧𝐠𝐚𝐥𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞= ∑Min(Max(Performancei
i=P
i=1
, Floor), Cap)  
 
Where: 
The Floors, Caps and Valuation Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
P is the total number of Performances calculated between two consecutive Valuation Dates.  
Performancei means the ith Performance calculated between two consecutive Valuation Dates.  
 
11. Product Definition : Napoleon Performance 
Means the sum of the Napoleon Level and the lowest of the Performances calculated between two consecutive 
Valuation Dates: 
𝐍𝐚𝐩𝐨𝐥𝐞𝐨𝐧𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞= NapoleonLevel + Mini=1 to P Performancei  
Where: 
The Napoleon Level and the Valuation Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
12. Product Definition : Joker 
Let there be a Basket of Values for which Ratio of a Value can be computed. The Joker is the component of the 
Basket having the NJoker minimum (see §10 mathematical definition: nth minimum) ratio of the Basket. The 
ratio is measured between two Valuation Dates.  
If NJoker =1, Joker is the component of the Basket with the lowest ratio. 
If NJoker =2, Joker is the component of the Basket with the second lowest ratio. 
And so on. 
Where: 
NJoker and the Valuation Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
13. Product Definition : Joker Value 
Means the ratio of the component of the Basket having the NJoker lowest ratio between two Valuation Dates.  
Joker Value = The NJoker lowest ratio of the Basket. 
 
Where: 
NJoker and the Valuation Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
14. Product Definition: Tempo Value  
Means, in case a Condition is met, the difference between a given sum of Theoretical Values and any previous 
Values for which Conditions were met. 
 
The Tempo Value means that: 
On each Valuation Date t, a Theoretical Value t is associated with a Condition t,  
On the Valuation Date t, in case the Condition t is met, 
Tempo Valuet = ∑Theoretical Value
t
i=1
i
− ∑Tempo Valuei
t−1
i=1
  
On the Valuation Date t, in case the Condition t is not met, 
Tempo Valuet = 0  
The Valuation Dates are defined in the Final Terms. 
The Theoretical Values are defined in the Final Terms. 
The Conditions are defined in the Final Terms. 
15. Product Definition: Crystallised Basket Value  
Means the Equi-Weighted Basket Value, where the Equi Weighted Basket is subject to a gradual 
Crystallisation Mechanism, enabling the highest Values to be gradually fixed over time.  
The gradual Crystallisation Mechanism means that: 
On each Valuation Date, the NCrystallisations components of the Basket that have not yet been crystallised and that 
have the highest Ratio on the Valuation Date are crystallised. 
The Value on a Valuation Date for a component of the Basket that has been crystallised corresponds to the 
Value of the Component on the Valuation Date on which it was crystallised and is then fixed for any future 
Valuation Date (thus crystallised) at this value. 
The Value on a Valuation Date for a component of the Basket that has not been crystallised corresponds to the 
Value of the Component on the Valuation Date. 
Where: 
The number NCrystallisations is defined in the Final Terms. 
The Valuation Dates are defined in the Final Terms. 
 
16. Product Definition: Crystallised Basket Value with Floor 
Means a Crystallized Basket Value for which the Crystallisation Mechanism was subject to a floor. 
The gradual “Floored Crystallisation Mechanism” means that: 
On each Valuation Date, the NCrystallisations components of the Basket that have not yet been crystallised and that 
have the highest Ratio on the Valuation Date are crystallised. 
The Value on a Valuation Date for a component of the Basket that has been crystallised corresponds to the 
maximum between the Value of the component on the Valuation Date on which it was crystallised and a Floor, 
and is then fixed for any future Valuation Date (thus crystallised) at this value. 
The Value on a Valuation Date for a Component of the Basket that has not been crystallised corresponds to the 
Value of the Component on the Valuation Date.

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
The Valuation Dates are defined in the Final Terms. 
The number NCrystallisations is defined in the Final Terms. 
The Floors are defined in the Final Terms. 
 
17. Product Definition: Booster Basket Value  
Means the Weighted Basket Value with a Boost Mechanism.  
The Boost Mechanism means: 
The highest NBooster Values of the Basket are replaced with the Boost Level in calculating the Weighted Basket 
Value. The other Values of the Basket are kept at their values. 
The NBooster number and the Booster Level are defined in the Final Terms. 
 
18. Product Definition: Trampoline Performance  
Means the Performance with a Trampoline Mechanism, i.e. the Performance multiplied by a Trampoline 
Overweighting coefficient if it is positive, and a Trampoline Underweighting coefficient if it is negative.  
Trampoline Performance = Trampoline Overweighting x Max(0; Performance) + Trampoline Underweighting 
x Min(0; Performance). 
The Trampoline Overweighting and Trampoline Underweighting coefficients are defined in the Final 
Terms. 
The Performance is computed between two Valuation Dates defined in the Final Terms. 
 
19. Product Definition : Trampoline Basket  
Means a Basket composed of Trampoline Performances. 
 
20. Product Definition: Trampoline Basket Value  
Means the Weighted Average of the components of the Trampoline Basket. 
 
21. Product Definition: Best Timing Basket Value  
Means the Equi-Weighted Basket Value of Ratios calculated between the Best Timing Date and the Final 
Valuation Date. The Best Timing Date means the first Valuation Date d on which the Equi-Weighted Basket 
Value of the Ratios calculated between the Initial Valuation and the Valuation Date d reached its lowest level. 
The Initial Valuation Date, the Final Valuation Date and the Valuation Date are defined in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
22. Product Definition: Ejector Basket  
The Ejector Basket is a Basket composed of numbers or amounts, where the highest NEjector components having 
reached the Ejector Barrier on any of the Valuation Dates are removed from the Basket. 
NEjector and Ejector Barrier are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
23. Product Definition: Ejector Basket Value  
Means the Equi-Weighted Average of the Ratios of the Ejector Basket. 
 
24. Product Definition: Octoplus Basket

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
The Octoplus Basket is composed of numbers or amounts, where the lowest NOctoplusOutgoing components on 
certain Valuation Dates, the Outgoing Valuation Dates, are removed from the Basket and where the 
NOctoplusRemaining components on certain Valuation Dates, the Remaining Valuation Dates, are removed from the 
Basket. 
NOctoplusRemaining, NOctoplusOutgoing, Outgoing Valuation Dates and Remaining Valuation Dates are defined in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
25. Product Definition: Octoplus Basket Value 
Means the Equi-Weighted Average of the components of the Octoplus Basket. 
 
G. Strategy 
1. Strategy Definition : Alpha Strategy  
Means a strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to a ratio spread calculated for two drivers, 
hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2). The value of the Alpha Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation 
Date: 
AlphaStrategyt = AlphaStrategyt−1 × [MonetaryDrivert + Driver(1)t −Driver(2)t] 
 
AlphaStrategy0 is a value defined in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
 
2. Strategy Definition : Alpha Strategy Excess Performance 
Means a strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to ratio spreads calculated for two drivers, 
hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2). The value of the Alpha Strategy Excess Performance is defined recurrently 
on each Valuation Date: 
 
AlphaStrategyt = AlphaStrategyt−1 × [1 + Driver(1)t −Driver(2)t] 
 
AlphaStrategy0 is a value defined in the Applicable Final Terms.  
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
3. Strategy Definition : Alpha Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to ratio spreads calculated for two drivers, 
hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2) and net of annual costs. The value of the Strategy is defined recurrently on 
each Valuation Date: 
AlphaStrategyt = AlphaStrategyt−1 × [MonetaryDrivert + Driver(1)t −Driver(2)t −F × dt
B] 
 
AlphaStrategy0 is a value defined in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4. Strategy Definition: Alpha Strategy Excess Return with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to ratio spreads calculated for two drivers, 
hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2) and net of annual costs. The value of the Alpha Strategy Excess Return with 
Annual Costs is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
AlphaStrategyExcessReturnt
= AlphaStrategyExcessReturnt−1
× [1 + Driver(1)t −Driver(2)t −MonetaryDrivert −F × dt
B] 
 
AlphaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1).

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. Strategy Definition: Excess Return Strategy 
Means a strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the excess return ratio of a driver, hereafter 
Driver t. The value of the Excess Return Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
ExcessReturnStrategyt = ExcessReturnStrategyt−1 × [1 + Drivert −MonetaryDrivert] 
Excess Return Strategy 0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
6. Strategy Definition: Excess Return Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the excess return ratio of a Driver, hereafter 
a Driver net of annual costs. The value of the Excess Return Strategy with Annual Costs is defined recurrently 
on each Valuation Date: 
ExcessReturnStrategyt = ExcessReturnStrategyt−1 × [1 + Drivert −MonetaryDrivert −F ×
dt
B] 
Excess ReturnStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
 F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
7. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the ratio spread between a driver 
and a ratio weighted to a second driver, hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2) with this weighting being variable 
and determined from the 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝐵𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑡−1 between the two drivers. 
The value of the Beta Neutral Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
BetaStrategyt = BetaStrategyt−1 × [
Driver(1)t +
ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)] 
 
BetaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. Strategy Definition : Beta Neutral Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the ratio spread between a driver 
and a ratio weighted to a second driver, hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2) with this weighting being variable 
and determined from the 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝐵𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑡−1 between the two drivers, the Strategy being net of annual costs. 
The value of the Beta Neutral Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
BetaStrategyt = BetaStrategyt−1 × [
Driver(1)t +
ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t) −F × dt
B
] 
 
BetaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
9. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the ratio spread between a driver 
and a ratio weighted to a second driver, with this weighting being variable and determined from the 
HistoricBetat-1 between the two drivers, hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2). The value of the Beta Neutral 
Strategy Excess Return is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date and is calculated in excess of a 
monetary asset: 
 
BetaStrategyExcessReturnt
= BetaStrategyExcessReturnt−1 × [
1 + Driver(1)t +
ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)
−MonetaryDrivert
] 
 
 
BetaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
10. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Annual cost  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the ratio spread between a driver 
and a ratio weighted to a second driver, with this weighting being variable and determined from the 
HistoricBetat-1 between the two drivers, hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2). The value of the Beta Neutral 
Strategy Excess Return is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date and is calculated in excess of a 
monetary asset, the strategy being net of annual costs: 
 
BetaStrategyExcessReturnt
= BetaStrategyExcessReturnt−1 × [
1 + Driver(1)t +
ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)
−MonetaryDrivert −F × dt
B
] 
 
 
BetaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy with Exposure Rate and Annual Costs  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the ratio spread between a driver 
with a weighting, and the ratio of a second driver with the same applicable weighting multiplied by the 
𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝐵𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑡−1 and net of annual costs, hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2). 
The value of the Beta Neutral Strategy with Exposure rate and Annual Costs is defined recurrently on each 
Valuation Date: 
 
BetaStrategyExposureRatet
= BetaStrategyExposureRatet−1
×
[
 
 
 
 Driver(1)t × ExposureRate −(ExposureRate −1) × (MonetaryDrivert + Spread × dt
B )
+ ExposureRate × ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)
−F × dt
B
]
 
 
 
 
 
 
BetaStrategyExposureRate0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExposureRate means the investment exposure for Driver(1). ExposureRate may be equal to 1 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
Spread means the spread applied to the monetary loan.

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
12. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Exposure Rate and Annual Costs  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the spread between a driver with a 
weighting, and the performance of a second driver with the same applicable weighting multiplied by the 
𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝐵𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑡−1 , hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2) and net of annual costs and in excess of a monetary asset. 
The value of the Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Exposure rate and Annual Costs is defined 
recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
BetaStrategyExposureRateERt
= BetaStrategyExposureRateERt−1
×
[
 
 
 
 Driver(1)t × ExposureRate −(ExposureRate −1) × (MonetaryDrivert + Spread × dt
B )
+ ExposureRate × ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)
−(MonetaryDrivert −1) −F × dt
B
]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BetaStrategyExposureRateER0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExposureRate means the investment exposure for Driver(1). ExposureRate may be equal to 1 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
Spread means the spread applied to the monetary loan. 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
 
13. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy with Participation Rate and Annual Costs  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the spread between a driver and a 
performance weighted to a second driver, with this weighting being variable and determined from the 
HistoricBetat-1 between the ratios, hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2) and net of annual costs. 
The value of the Beta Neutral Strategy with Participation Rate and Annual Costs is defined recurrently on each 
Valuation Date: 
 
BetaStrategyParticipationRatet
= BetaStrategyParticipationRatet−1
× [
Driver(1)t +
ParticipationRate × ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)
−F × dt
B
] 
 
BetaStrategyParticipationRate0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ParticipationRate means the exposure to the beta adjusted Driver(2). ParticipationRate may be equal to 1 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t m means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
14. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Participation Rate and Annual Costs  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the spread between a driver, 
hereafter Driver(1) and a ratio weighted to a second driver, hereafter Driver(2), with this weighting being 
variable and determined from the HistoricBetat-1 between the ratios and net of annual costs in excess of a 
monetary asset. 
The value of the Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Participation Rate and Annual Costs is defined 
recurrently on each Valuation Date:

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
BetaStrategyParticipationRatet
= BetaStrategyParticipationRatet−1
× [
1 + Driver(1)t +
ParticipationRate × ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)
−MonetaryDrivert −F × dt
B
] 
 
BetaStrategyParticipationRate0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ParticipationRate means the exposure to the beta adjusted Driver(2). ParticipationRate may be equal to 1 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
15. Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy  
Means a strategy with the purpose of gaining exposure to a driver, hereafter Driver with a variable exposure 
dependent on the Historic Volatility, and an exposure to an investment or a loan depending on the level of 
exposure taken.  
The value of the Vol Target Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date:  
 
VolTargetStrategyt = VolTargetStrategyt−1 ×
[
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Drivert +
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B)
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B)]
 
 
 
 
  
 
VolTargetStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
MonetaryDriverSAt and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Driver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoRAt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
16. Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy on a Strategy  
Means a strategy with the purpose of gaining exposure to a Strategy with a variable exposure dependent on the 
Historic Volatility, and an exposure to an investment or a loan depending on the level of exposure taken.  
The value of the Vol Target Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date:  
 
VolTargetStrategyt = VolTargetStrategyt−1 ×
[
 
 
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Strategyt
Strategyt−1
+
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B)
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B)]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VolTargetStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strategyt means a Strategy as defined in this Technical Annex 
MonetaryDriverSAt and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Strategy between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoRAt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%)

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
17. Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy with Annual Costs  
Means a strategy with the purpose of gaining exposure to a driver, hereafter Driver, with a variable exposure 
dependent on the Historic Volatility, and an exposure to an investment or a loan depending on the level of 
exposure taken and net of annual costs.  
The value of the Vol Target Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date:  
 
VolTargetStrategyt
= VolTargetStrategyt−1
×
[
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Drivert +
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B )
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B ) −F × dt
B′]
 
 
 
 
 
 
VolTargetStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDriverSAt and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Driver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoRAt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B’ means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
18. Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy on a Strategy with Annual Costs  
Means a strategy with the purpose of gaining exposure to the ratio of a Strategy with a variable exposure 
dependent on the Historic Volatility of the Strategy, and an exposure to an investment or a loan depending on 
the level of exposure taken and net of annual costs.  
The value of the Vol Target Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date:  
VolTargetStrategyt
= VolTargetStrategyt−1
×
[
 
 
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Strategyt
Strategyt−1
+
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B )
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B ) −F × dt
B′]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VolTargetStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strategyt means a Strategy as defined in this Technical Annex 
MonetaryDriverSAt and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Strategy between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoRAt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B’ means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
19. Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy on a Strategy with Transaction Costs  
Means a strategy with the purpose of gaining exposure to a Strategy with a variable exposure dependent on the 
Historic Volatility, and an exposure to an investment or a loan depending on the level of exposure taken, 
including the impact of transaction costs. 
The value of the Vol Target Strategy with Transaction Costs is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date:

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
VolTargetStrategyTCostt = VolTargetStrategyTCostt−1 ×
[
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Strategyt
Strategyt−1
+
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B )
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B )
−𝑇𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑠𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝑡
]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VolTargetStrategyTCost0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strategyt means a Strategy as defined in this Technical Annex 
MonetaryDriverSAt and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Strategy between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoRAt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Historic 
Centered Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Historic Centered Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
TransactionCostt = Abs( ExpoRAt-1 – ExpoRAt-2 ) x Transaction Spread with TransactionSpread defined 
in the applicable Final Terms 
 
20. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy  
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to the volatility of a driver compared to a volatility 
level as defined in the Final terms: 
 
VolCapStrategyt = VolCapStrategyt−1 × [ExpoVolt−1 × Drivert + (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert] 
 
With: 
VolCapStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to Driver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1)

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and VolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
21. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy on a Strategy  
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to the volatility of a Strategy compared to a volatility 
level as defined in the Final terms: 
 
VolCapStrategyt = VolCapStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × Strategyt
Strategyt−1
+ (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert] 
 
 
With: 
VolCapStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strategyt means a Strategy as defined in this Technical Annex 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratios of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to Strategy between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
22. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy on a Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to the volatility of a Strategy compared to a volatility 
level, net of annual costs as defined in the Final terms: 
 
VolCapStrategyt = VolCapStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × Strategyt
Strategyt−1
+ (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert −F × dt
B] 
 
 
With: 
VolCapStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strategyt means a Strategy as defined in this Technical Annex 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to Strategy between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
23. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy with Annual Costs  
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to the volatility of a driver compared to a volatility 
level as defined in the Final terms, and net of annual costs: 
 
VolCapStrategyt = VolCapStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × Drivert + (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert −F × dt
B ] 
 
 
With: 
VolCapStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to Driver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; VolCapLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and VolCapLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
24. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Alpha Strategy  
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to a volatility indicator spread between two drivers. 
The value of Vol Cap Alpha Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date.

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
VolCapAlphaStrategyt
= VolCapAlphaStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × PerfAlphat + (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert] 
 
And: 
PerfAlphat = MonetaryDrivert + Driver(1)t −Driver(2)t 
 
With: 
VolCapAlphaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to Driver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
25. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Alpha Strategy with Annual Costs  
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to a volatility indicator spread between two drivers, 
and net of annual costs. 
The value of Vol Cap Alpha Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date. 
 
VolCapAlphaStrategyt
= VolCapAlphaStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × PerfAlphat + (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert −F2 × dt
B ] 
 
And: 
PerfAlphat = MonetaryDrivert + Driver(1)t −Driver(2)t −F1 × dt
B 
 
 
With: 
VolCapAlphaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to Driver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F1 and F2 means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
26. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Beta Strategy 
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to the volatility of a beta driven performance driver 
compared to a volatility level as defined in the Final terms: 
 
VolCapBetaStrategyt
= VolCapBetaStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × PerfBetat + (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert] 
 
And: 
PerfBetat = Driver(1)t + ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t) 
 
 
With: 
VolCapBetaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoBetat-1 means the ExpoBeta specified in the Final Terms 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to PerfBeta between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
27. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Beta Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to the volatility of a beta driven driver compared to a 
volatility level as defined in the Final terms and net of annual costs 
 
VolCapBetaStrategyt
= VolCapBetaStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × PerfBetat + (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert −F2 × dt
B] 
 
And: 
PerfBetat = Driver(1)t + ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t) −F1 × dt
B 
 
With: 
VolCapBetaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoBetat-1 means the ExpoBeta specified in the Final Terms 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to PerfBeta between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F1 and F2 means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
28. Strategy Definition: Range Vol Target Strategy with Volatility Range, Transaction Cost and Annual 
Costs 
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure to a driver in accordance to the volatility level with a range 
mechanism, Transaction Costs and Annual Costs as defined in the Final terms 
 
RangeVolTargetStrategyt
= RangeVolTargetStrategyt−1
×
[
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RangeExpoVolt−1 × Drivert
+Max(0; 1 −RangeExpoVolt−1) × (MonetaryDriverMt + SpreadM × dt
B)
+Min(0; 1 −RangeExpoVolt−1) × (MonetaryDriverLt + SpreadL × dt
B)
−TF × ABS|RangeExpoVolt−1 −RangeExpoVolt−2|
−F × dt
B′
]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
With: 
RangeVolTargetStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDriverMt and MonetaryDriverLt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in 
the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates 
t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, 
or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
RangeExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to the perfDriver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
If ABS|ExpoVolt−1 × VHt−1 −TargetVolLevel| > Range 
Then RangeExpoVolt−1 = ExpoVolt−1 
Else RangeExpoVolt−1 = RangeExpoVolt−2 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap, TargetVolLevel and Range are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
SpreadM and SpreadL are the monetary and leverage spread as defined in the Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
TF means the Transaction costs for the hedging of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B and B’ mean the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
 
29. Strategy Definition: Switcher Strategy  
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to a driver or another in accordance with a defined 
process. 
The value of the Switcher Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
 
SwitcherStrategyt = SwitcherStrategyt−1 × [Expo(1)t−1 × Driver(1)t + Expo(2)t−1 × Driver(2)t] 
 
With: 
SwitcherStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Expo(1)t-1 means the exposure to the Driver(1) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Expo(2)t-1 means the exposure to the Driver(2) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
30. Strategy Definition: Switcher Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to a driver or another in accordance with a defined 
process and net of annual costs. 
The value of the Switcher Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
 
SwitcherStrategyt
= SwitcherStrategyt−1 × [Expo(1)t−1 × Driver(1)t + Expo(2)t−1 × Driver(2)t −F × dt
B ] 
 
With: 
SwitcherStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Expo(1)t-1 means the exposure to the Driver(1) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Expo(2)t-1 means the exposure to the Driver(2) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) .

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
31. Strategy Definition: VolTum Strategy  
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to a driver with variable exposure dependent on the 
Historic Volatility and the short-term ratio (momentum), and exposure to an investment or a loan depending 
on the level of exposure taken.  
The value of the Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
 
VolTumStrategyt = VolTumStrategyt−1 ×
[
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Drivert +
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B)
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B )]
 
 
 
 
 
 
VolTumStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDriverSAt and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Ratio between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑅𝐴𝑡−1 = 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝; 𝑚𝑡−1 × 𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡𝑉𝑜𝑙𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑉𝐻𝑡−1
) 
VHt-1 means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
mt-1 means the calculated exposure factor obtained by dividing the sum of the positive ratios over a period by 
the sum of the absolute values of the negative ratios over the same period: 
 
mt =
∑
Max(Rj, 0)
t−1−Lag
j=t−x−Lag
Max(1%, ∑
Max(−Rj, 0)
t−1−Lag
j=t−x−Lag
)
 
 
Where: 
Rj = ln(Drivert) 
x: the number of values Rj used to calculated on the Valuation Dates the exposure factor mt-1, as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment.

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
Lag means the observation time lag as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
32. Strategy Definition: VolTum Strategy with Annual Costs  
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to a driver with variable exposure dependent on the 
Historic Volatility and the short-term ratio (momentum), and exposure to an investment or a loan depending 
on the level of exposure taken and net of annual costs.  
The value of the Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
 
VolTumStrategyt
= VolTumStrategyt−1
×
[
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Drivert +
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B )
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B ) −F × dt
B′]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VolTumStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDriverSAt and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Ratio between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑅𝐴𝑡−1 = 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝; 𝑚𝑡−1 × 𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡𝑉𝑜𝑙𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑉𝐻𝑡−1
) 
 
VHt-1 means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
mt-1 means the calculated exposure factor obtained by dividing the sum of the positive ratios over a period by 
the sum of the absolute values of the negative ratios over the same period: 
 
mt =
∑
Max(Rj, 0)
t−1−Lag
j=t−x−Lag
Max(1%, ∑
Max(−Rj, 0)
t−1−Lag
j=t−x−Lag
)
 
 
 
Where: 
Rj = ln(Drivert) 
x: the number of values Rj calculated on the Valuation Dates of the exposure factor mt-1 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
Lag means the observation time lag as specified in the Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B’ means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
33. Strategy Definition: CPPI Strategy 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to the ratio of a driver with a variable exposure 
dependent on its relative level in relation to a given reference or a loan or investment depending on the level of 
exposure taken. 
The value of the Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
 
CPPIStrategyt = CPPIStrategyt−1 ×
[
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Drivert +
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B)
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B)]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CPPIStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDriverSAt and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Ratio between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑅𝐴𝑡−1 = 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝; 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟; 𝑚× 𝐶𝑢𝑠ℎ𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑡−1−𝑙𝑎𝑔)) 
 
Lag means the observation time lag as specified in the Final Terms. 
Cushiont means the relative difference of the CPPI Strategy in relation to a predetermined level (Zero Coupon 
or Linear Floor value) as defined in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝐶𝑢𝑠ℎ𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑡= 𝐶𝑃𝑃𝐼 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
 
Reference Valuet means the Zero Coupon or Linear Floor value 
Strategy Valuet means (i) CPPI Strategyt or (ii) CPPI Strategy0

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
Cap and Floor and m are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
34. Strategy Definition: CPPI Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to the ratio of a driver with a variable exposure 
dependent on its relative level in relation to a given reference or a loan or investment depending on the level of 
exposure taken, and net of annual costs. 
The value of the Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
 
CPPIStrategyt = CPPIStrategyt−1 ×
[
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Drivert +
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B)
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B ) −F × dt
B′]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CPPIStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDriverSAt and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Ratio between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑅𝐴𝑡−1 = 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝; 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟; 𝑚× 𝐶𝑢𝑠ℎ𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑡−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔)) 
 
Lag means the observation time lag as specified in the Final Terms. 
Cushiont means the relative difference of the CPPI Strategy in relation to a predetermined level (Zero Coupon 
or Linear Floor value) as defined in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝐶𝑢𝑠ℎ𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑡= 𝐶𝑃𝑃𝐼 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
 
 
Reference Valuet means the Zero Coupon or Linear Floor value 
Strategy Valuet means (i) CPPI Strategyt or (ii) CPPI Strategy0 
Cap and Floor and m are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1)

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
Δ(t −1, t) means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive) and the Valuation 
Date t (inclusive) or between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive) and the Valuation Date t (inclusive). 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B’ means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
35. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Basis Swap on 
Denominator 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to the ratio of a driver with dynamic foreign exchange 
hedging aiming to reduce the impact of fluctuating exchange rates by taking a reverse forward foreign 
exchange position.  
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1
× [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert +
1 + MonetaryReferenceRate(1)𝑡−1 × dt
B
1 + (MonetaryReferenceRate(2)𝑡−1 + BasisSwapt−1) × dt
B
−FXt
FXt−1
] 
 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the underlying 
of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is in the currency 
of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
MonetaryReferenceRate(1)t means the Value (1) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Strategy on the 
Valuation Date t. 
MonetaryReferenceRate(2)t means the Value (2) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Underlying on the 
Valuation Date t.  
BasisSwapt-1 means the rate spread on the Valuation Date t-1and as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive)  
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
36. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Basis Swap on Numerator

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to the ratio of a driver with dynamic foreign exchange 
hedging aiming to reduce the impact of fluctuating exchange rates by taking a reverse forward foreign 
exchange position.  
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1
× [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert +
1 + (MonetaryReferenceRate(1)𝑡−1 + BasisSwapt−1) × dt
B
1 + MonetaryReferenceRate(2)𝑡−1 × dt
B
−FXt
FXt−1
] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the underlying 
of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is in the currency 
of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
MonetaryReferenceRate(1)t-1 means the Value (1) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Strategy on the 
Valuation Date t-1. 
MonetaryReferenceRate(2)t-1 means the Value (2) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Underlying on 
the Valuation Date t-1.  
BasisSwapt-1 means the rate spread on the Valuation Date t-1 and as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive)  
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
37. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs and Basis 
Swap on Denominator 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to the ratio of a driver with dynamic foreign exchange 
hedging aiming to reduce the impact of fluctuating exchange rates by taking a reverse forward foreign 
exchange position, and net of annual costs.  
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1
× [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert +
1 + MonetaryReferenceRate(1)𝑡−1 × dt
B
1 + (MonetaryReferenceRate(2)𝑡−1 + BasisSwapt−1) × dt
B
−FXt
FXt−1
−F × dt
B′] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
MonetaryReferenceRate(1)t-1 means the Value (1) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Strategy on the 
Valuation Date t-1. 
MonetaryReferenceRate(2)t-1 means the Value (2) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Underlying on 
the Valuation Date t-1.  
BasisSwapt-1 means the rate spread on the Valuation Date t-1 and as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive)  
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B’ means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
38. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs and Basis 
Swap on Numerator 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to the ratio of a driver with dynamic foreign exchange 
hedging aiming to reduce the impact of fluctuating exchange rates by taking a reverse forward foreign 
exchange position, and net of annual costs.  
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1
× [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert +
1 + (MonetaryReferenceRate(1)𝑡−1 + BasisSwapt−1) × dt
B
1 + MonetaryReferenceRate(2)𝑡−1 × dt
B
−FXt
FXt−1
−F × dt
B′] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
MonetaryReferenceRate(1)t-1 means the Value (1) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Strategy on the 
Valuation Date t-1. 
MonetaryReferenceRate(2)t-1 means the Value (2) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Underlying on 
the Valuation Date t-1.  
BasisSwapt-1 means the rate spread on the Valuation Date t-1 as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive)  
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B’ means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
39. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging  
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) a forward foreign 
exchange position aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate fluctuations between the currency of the strategy 
and that of the Underlying. 
 
Strategyt = Strategy0 × [FXt
FX0
× Drivert + FWD0
FX0
−FXt
FX0
] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FX0: (i) means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FWD0: (i) means the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
40. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging Normalized 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) a forward foreign 
exchange position aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate fluctuations between the currency of the strategy 
and that of the Underlying. 
 
Strategyt = Strategy0 × [ FXt
FWD0
× Drivert + 100% −FXt
FWD0
] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
 FWD0: (i) means the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency 
of the underlying(s) of the driver on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) 
is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
41. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) a forward foreign 
exchange position aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate fluctuations between the currency of the strategy 
and that of the Underlying, and net of annual costs. 
 
 
Strategyt = Strategy0 × [FXt
FX0
× Drivert + FWD0
FX0
−FXt
FX0
−F × dt
B ] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FX0: (i) means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FWD0: (i) means the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Initial Valuation Date and the Valuation Date t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
42. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging Normalized with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) a forward foreign 
exchange position aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate fluctuations between the currency of the strategy 
and that of the Underlying, and net of annual costs. 
 
 
Strategyt = Strategy0 × [ FXt
FWD0
× Drivert + 100% −FXt
FWD0
−F × dt
B] 
 
Where:

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
 FWD0: (i) means the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency 
of the underlying(s) of the driver on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) 
is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Initial Valuation Date and the Valuation Date t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
43. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Strip Foreign Exchange Hedging 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) multiple forwards 
foreign exchange positions, possibly on a different notional, aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency of the strategy and that of the driver.  
 
Strategyt = Strategy0 × [FXt
FX0
× Drivert + Z × ∑(FWDd
FXd
−FXd+1
FXd
)
𝑛
𝑑=0
] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FX0: (i) means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FXd: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date d, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
FWDd means (i) the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Valuation Date d, maturing on the Valuation Date d+1 , as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 Z is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 n is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
44. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Strip Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) multiple forwards 
foreign exchange positions, possibly on a different notional, aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency of the strategy and that of the driver, and net of annual costs.  
 
Strategyt = Strategy0 × [FXt
FX0
× Drivert + Z × ∑(FWDd
FXd
−FXd+1
FXd
)
𝑛
𝑑=0
−F × dt
B ] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FX0: (i) means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FXd: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date d, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
FWDd means (i) the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Valuation Date d, maturing on the Valuation Date d+1 , as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Z is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
n is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Initial Valuation Date and the Valuation Date t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
45. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Multi Step Iterated 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) multiple forwards 
foreign exchange positions, possibly on a different notional, aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency of the strategy and that of driver. This being carried on an iterate rhythm 
between dates t-1 and t. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert + Z ×
∑
(FWDd
FXd
−FXd+1
FXd
)
𝑛(𝑡)
𝑑=𝑛(𝑡−1)
] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FX0: (i) means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FXd: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date d, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
FWDd means (i) the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Valuation Date d, maturing on the Valuation Date d+1 , as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
n(t-1) and n(t) are constant values as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 Z is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
n is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
46. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Iterated 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) multiple forwards 
foreign exchange positions, possibly on a different notional, aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency of the strategy and that of driver. This being carried on an iterate rhythm 
between dates t-1 and t. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert + Z × (FWDt−1
FXt−1
−FXt
FXt−1
)] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FWDt-1 means (i) the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Valuation Date t-1, maturing on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Z is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
47. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Multi Step Iterated with Annual 
Costs 
 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) multiple forwards 
foreign exchange positions, possibly on a different notional, aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency of the strategy and that of driver, and net of annual costs. This being carried 
on an iterate rhythm between dates t-1 and t.

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert + Z ×
∑
(FWDd
FXd
−FXd+1
FXd
) −F × dt
B
𝑛(𝑡)
𝑑=𝑛(𝑡−1)
] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FX0: (i) means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FXd: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date d, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
FWDd means (i) the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Valuation Date d, maturing on the Valuation Date d+1 , as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
n(t-1) and n(t) are constant values as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Z is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (excluded) and the Valuation 
Date t (included). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
48. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Iterated with Annual Cost 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) multiple forwards 
foreign exchange positions, possibly on a different notional, aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency of the strategy and that of driver. This being carried on an iterate rhythm 
between dates t-1 and t. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert + Z × (FWDt−1
FXt−1
−FXt
FXt−1
) −F × dt
B] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 350 ---
350 
 
FWDt-1 means (i) the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Valuation Date t-1, maturing on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Z is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (excluded) and the Valuation 
Date t (included). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
49.  Strategy Definition: Leverage Strategy  
Means a strategy with an exposure greater than 100% to a driver and a monetary position corresponding to 
the financing of this overexposure. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [Indexation × Drivert −(Indexation −100%) × Financingt] 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Indexation is the leverage indexation express in percentage, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Financingt corresponds to the amount of financing of the overexposure to the ratio of the Underlying and is 
equal to (i) the constant value expressed as a percentage or an amount defined in the applicable Final Terms, 
(ii) the Linear Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing 
Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (iv) the ratio of an Underlying representing a monetary 
investment. 
 
50. Strategy Definition: Leverage Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with an exposure greater than 100% to a driver and a monetary position corresponding to 
the financing of this overexposure and net of annual costs. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [Indexation × Drivert −(Indexation −100%) × Financingt −F × dt
B ] 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Indexation is the leverage indexation express in percentage, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Financingt corresponds to the amount of financing of the overexposure to the ratio of the Driver and is equal 
to (i) the constant value expressed as a percentage or an amount defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the 
Linear 
Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount as defined 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (iv) the ratio of an Underlying representing a monetary investment. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 351 ---
351 
 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
51. Strategy Definition: Reverse Strategy  
Means a strategy with a negative exposure to a driver. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [Financing(1) + Indexation × (Financing(2) −Drivert)] 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Indexation is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
Financing(1) corresponds to the amount of remuneration at the risk-free rate and is equal to (i) constant value 
defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Linear Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (iv) the ratio of an 
Underlying representing a monetary investment.  
Financing(2) corresponds to the ratio at the risk-free rate and is equal to (i) the constant value expressed as a 
percentage or an amount defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Linear Financing Amount as defined in 
the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(iv) the ratio of an Underlying representing a monetary investment. 
52. Strategy Definition: Reverse Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with a negative exposure to a driver and net of annual costs. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [Financing(1) + Indexation × (Financing(2) −Drivert) −F × dt
B] 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Indexation is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
Financing(1) corresponds to the amount of remuneration at the risk-free rate and is equal to (i) constant value 
defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Linear Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (iv) the ratio of an 
Underlying representing a monetary investment.  
Financing(2) corresponds to the ratio at the risk-free rate and is equal to (i) the constant value expressed as a 
percentage or an amount defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Linear Financing Amount as defined in 
the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(iv) the ratio of an Underlying representing a monetary investment. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 352 ---
352 
 
53. Strategy Definition: Composite Leverage Strategy 
Means a strategy with exposure greater than 100% to the ratio of a driver and a monetary position 
corresponding to the financing of this overexposure. The exposure to the driver is periodically recalculated 
and the amount of financing corresponding to this overexposure may be limited to a maximum amount. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [
Indexationt−1 × Drivert −(Indexationt−1 −100%) × Financingt−1
−F × dt
B
] 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Indexationt-1 means the exposure to the driver, within the limit such that the resulting amount of financing is 
below a maximum level:  
 
Indexationt−1 = Min(Indexation; 100% +
Cap
Strategyt−1−Lag
) 
Indexation and Cap are as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag means the observation time lag as specified in the Final Terms. 
Financingt corresponds to the amount of financing of the overexposure to the ratio of the Driver and is equal 
to (i) constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Linear Financing Amount on the Valuation 
Date t as defined in the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount on the Valuation Date t 
as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (iv) the ratio of an Underlying representing a monetary investment. 
 
54. Strategy Definition: Composite Leverage Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with exposure greater than 100% to the ratio of a driver and a monetary position 
corresponding to the financing of this overexposure, and net of annual costs. The exposure to the driver is 
periodically recalculated and the amount of financing corresponding to this overexposure may be limited to a 
maximum amount. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [
Indexationt−1 × Drivert −(Indexationt−1 −100%) × Financingt
−F × dt
B
] 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Indexationt-1 means the exposure to the driver, within the limit such that the resulting amount of financing is 
below a maximum level: 
 
Indexationt−1 = Min(Indexation; 100% +
Cap
Strategyt−1−Lag
)

--- Page 353 ---
353 
 
Indexation and Cap are as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag means the observation time lag as specified in the Final Terms. 
Financingt corresponds to the amount of financing of the overexposure to the ratio of the Driver and is equal 
to (i) constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Linear Financing Amount on the Valuation 
Date t as defined in the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount on the Valuation Date t 
as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (iv) the ratio of an Underlying representing a monetary investment. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
55. Strategy Definition: Composed Strategy 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a driver from one period to another: 
Strategyt = Strategyt-1 x Drivert 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
56. Strategy Definition: Composed Strategy Striked 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a driver from one period to another, net of a fixed cost: 
Strategyt = Strategyt-1 x Drivert - K 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
K means a value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
57. Strategy Definition: Composed Strategy with annual costs 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a Value from one period to another, and net of annual costs: 
Strategyt = Strategyt-1 x ( Drivert – F x dt/B) 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
58. Strategy Definition: Composed Strategy with Annual Costs Striked 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a Value from one period to another, net of annual costs and net of a fixed 
cost: 
Strategyt = Strategyt-1 x ( Drivert – F x dt/B) - K 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
K means a value as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 354 ---
354 
 
 
59. Strategy Definition: Backward Composed Strategy 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a driver from one period to a previous one: 
Strategyt = Strategyt+1 x Drivert 
Strategyt is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
60. Strategy Definition: Backward Composed Strategy Striked 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a driver from one period to a previous one, net of a fixed cost: 
Strategyt = Strategyt+1 x Drivert - K 
Strategyt is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
K means a value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
61. Strategy Definition: Backward Composed Strategy with annual costs 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a Value from one period to a previous one, and net of annual costs: 
Strategyt = Strategyt+1 x ( Drivert – F x dt/B) 
Strategyt) is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
62. Strategy Definition: Backward Composed Strategy with annual costs Striked 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a Value from one period to a previous one, net of annual costs and net of 
a fixed cost: 
Strategyt = Strategyt+1 x ( Drivert – F x dt/B) - K 
Strategyt) is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
K means a value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
63. Strategy Definition : Weighted Strategy with annual costs 
 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a Value from one period to another, and net of annual costs: 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × (∑(wi × Drivert
i) −F × dt
B
n
i=1
) 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Driverit means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Wi means an the weight of the Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
n is the number of Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 355 ---
355 
 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
64. Strategy Definition : Weighted Strategy with annual costs Striked 
 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a Value from one period to another, net of annual costs and net of a fixed 
cost: 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × (∑(wi × Drivert
i) −F × dt
B
n
i=1
) − K 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Driverit means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Wi means an the weight of the Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
n is the number of Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
K means a value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
65. Strategy Definition: Iterated Ratio Strategy, Iterated Ratio Strategy on date d, Intraday Iterated Ratio 
Strategy on date d 
 
An Iterated Strategy on a Valuation Date t is the repetition, on a set of Valuation Dates, starting at the Initial 
Valuation Date t0, of an investment of Strategy0 (a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms) on a 
set of Underlyings, with a Periodic Fee Factor. 
 
The set of Valuation Dates takes the form of a list of {f+1} dates {t0, t1…,tf}, as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The set of {f} couples of Values {[Value 0, Value’ 0], [Value 1, Value’ 1]… [Valuef-1, Value’f-1]}, as defined 
in the applicable Final Terms 
 
On a Valuation Date d, t(d) is the date, within the set of Valuation Dates, immediately preceding date d. 
n(d) is the rank of the date t(d) in the set {t0, t1, …t(d)} (for the purpose of clarity if d<t1 then t(d) is t0 and 
n(d)=0). 
 
Iterated Ratio Strategy = S0 × ∏
Value i (ti)
Value′ i (ti−1)
f
i=1
× (PeriodicFeeFactor)f 
 
 
Where: 
for all I, Value i (t) (resp. Value i’ (t)) is the value of the Value i (resp. Value i’) on a Valuation Date t of the 
Schedule as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
PeriodicFeeFactor is a Value defined in the Final Terms 
Iterated Ratio Strategy on a date d
= S0 × ∏
Value i (ti)
Value′ i (ti−1) ×
Value n(d)(d)
Value′n(d)(t(d))
n(d)
t=1
× (PeriodicFeeFactor)n(d) 
 
 
Where:

--- Page 356 ---
356 
 
Value n(d)(d) is the value of the Value n(d) on a Valuation Date d such as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
PeriodicFeeFactor is a Value defined in the Final Terms 
 
Intraday Iterated Ratio Strategy 
= S0  × ∏
Value i (ti)
Value′ i (ti−1) × Value Intraday n(d)(d)
Value′n(d)(t(d))
n(d)
t=1
× (PeriodicFeeFactor)n(d) 
  
Where: 
Value Intraday n(d)(d) is the intraday value of the Value n(d) during a Valuation Date d such as defined in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
PeriodicFeeFactor is a Value defined in the Final Terms.  
 
H. Debt Instrument Determined Values 
1. Redemption Date of the Convertible Bond  
Means the first of the following dates to occur:  
a. 
the maturity date of the Convertible Bond as defined in the Final Terms; 
b. 
the day, if it applicable, during which Exane Derivatives as holder of the Convertible Bond should 
receive the Settlement Amount of the Convertible Bond after exercise by the Company issuing the 
Convertible Bond of its option to redeem the Convertible Bond in compliance with the prospectus 
of the Convertible Bond; 
c. 
the put exercise date of the Convertible Bond (the “Put Exercise Date”), if applicable, as defined in 
the Final Terms. 
2. Reference Date of the Convertible Bond  
Means the first of the following dates to occur:  
(i) 
The Redemption Date of the Convertible Bond; 
(ii) 
The Date of Activation of the Final Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond; 
(iii) 
The Date of Activation of the Optimal Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond; 
(iv) 
The Date of Activation of the pre-put Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond, if 
applicable; 
(v) 
The Date of Activation of the pre-call Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond, if 
applicable. 
For points (ii), (iii) and (v) each of the specified date shall mean a Date of Activation of the Conversion 
Condition.  
• 
“Date of Activation of the Final Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond” means the Nth 
Business Day preceding the end date of the period for conversion of the Convertible Bond, as 
defined in the prospectus of the Convertible Bond, if the “Conversion Price of the Convertible 
Bond” is greater than Redemption Price of the Convertible Bond as defined in the Final Terms. 
• 
“Date of Activation of the pre-put Condition of the Convertible Bond” means the Nth Business 
Day preceding the Put Exercise Date of the Convertible Bond, as defined in the prospectus of the 
Convertible Bond, if the put value of the Convertible Bond is greater than the market value of the 
Convertible Bond, as defined in the Final Terms.

--- Page 357 ---
357 
 
• 
“Date of Activation of the pre-call Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond” means the Nth 
Business Day preceding the Call Exercise Date by the issuer of the Convertible Bond, as defined 
in the prospectus of the Convertible Bond, if the “Conversion Price of the Convertible Bond” is 
greater than the Redemption Price of the Convertible Bond in the event of Exercise of the Call, as 
defined in the Final Terms. 
• 
“Date of Activation of the Optimal Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond” means the first 
date for which the “Conversion Price of the Convertible Bond” is greater than 250% of the par 
value of the Convertible Bond. 
• 
“Conversion Price of the Convertible Bond” is equal to the product of the closing price of the 
underlying share of the Convertible Bond multiplied by the conversion ratio of the Convertible 
Bond, as defined in the prospectus of the Convertible Bond.  
• 
“N” means the number of Business Days before the end of the period of conversion or exercise of 
the put to convert the Convertible Bond and as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
3. Reference Date of the Perpetual Bond  
Means the first of the following dates to occur:  
a. 
the Maturity Date of the Perpetual Bond as defined in the Final Terms if applicable; 
b. the day, if applicable, during which Exane Derivatives as holder of the Perpetual Bond should receive 
the Settlement Amount of the Perpetual Bond after exercise by the Company issuing the Perpetual 
Bond of its option to redeem the Perpetual Bond in compliance with the prospectus of the Perpetual 
Bond; 
c. 
the Put Exercise Date of the Perpetual Bond, if it exits, as defined in the Final Terms. 
4. Reference Date of the Bond  
Means the first of the following dates to occur:  
a. 
the Maturity date of the Bond as defined in the Final Terms if applicable; 
b. the day, if applicable, during which Exane Derivatives as holder of the Bond should receive the 
Settlement Amount of the Bond after exercise by the Company issuing the Bond of its option to 
redeem the Bond i in compliance with the prospectus of the Bond; 
c. 
the Put Exercise Date of the Bond, if it exits, as defined in the Final Terms. 
5. Reference Date of the Contingent Bond  
Means the first of the following dates to occur:  
a. 
the Maturity date of the Contingent Bond as defined in the Final Terms if applicable; 
b. the day, if applicable, during which Exane Derivatives as holder of the Contingent Bond should 
receive the Settlement Amount of the Contingent Bond after exercise by the Company issuing the 
Contingent Bond of its option to redeem the Contingent Bond in compliance with the prospectus of 
the Contingent Bond; 
c. 
the day, if applicable, during which the Contingent Bond has been converted into shares in 
accordance with the prospectus of the Contigent Bond 
d. the Put Exercise Date of the Contingent Bond, if it exits, as defined in the Final Terms. 
6. Debt Instrument Market Bid Price 
The Debt Instrument Market Bid Price on the Valuation Date “t” corresponds to the net dirty bid price 
of the Debt Instrument (i.e. the resale price including the coupons accrued but net of all costs, taxes or

--- Page 358 ---
358 
 
fees) for the appropriate hedging size, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date t as 
follows (prior to the inclusion of the accrued coupon) :  
(i) 
the official value of the clean bid price (i.e. the resale price excluding accrued coupons) of the 
Debt Instrument published on the Exchange of the Debt Instrument at approximately 16:00 CET if 
the Debt Instrument is listed and if the official price is available and adequately reflects market 
conditions; otherwise 
(ii) 
the arithmetic average of the four (4) clean bid prices obtained from the 6 (six) most recent clean 
bid prices for the Debt Instrument (and for a “bid” size greater than zero) published on the 
Bloomberg “ALLQ” page for the Debt Instrument at approximately 16:00 CET, ignoring the 
highest price and the lowest price, if the six (6) prices are available and if the arithmetic average of 
the four (4) prices adequately reflects market conditions; otherwise  
(iii) 
the arithmetic average of the two (2) clean bid prices obtained from the 4 (four) most recent clean 
bid prices for the Debt Instrument (and for a “bid” size greater than zero) published on the 
Bloomberg “ALLQ” page for the Debt Instrument at approximately 16:00 CET, ignoring the 
highest price and the lowest price, if the four (4) prices are available and if the arithmetic average 
of the two (2) prices adequately reflects market conditions; otherwise 
(iv) 
the arithmetic average of the clean bid prices provided by at least two (2) market makers selected 
by the Calculation Agent for the Debt Instrument, or otherwise the clean bid price provided by the 
only leading market participant available; or otherwise 
(v) 
the price determined by the Calculation Agent at its sole discretion but in the interest of the holder 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
7. Final Price of the Contingent Bond 
Final Price of the Contingent Bond means for the underlying Contingent Bond the following amount:  
 
(i) 
If the Contingent Bond has been redeemed at the Debt Instrument Maturity Date before the Final 
Valuation Date, the Final Price of the Contingent Bond shall be the redemption amount of the 
Contingent Bond at its maturity date (i.e. the Principal Final Redemption Amount Received of a 
Debt Instrument) and as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(ii) 
In the event where the Company issuing the Contingent Bond exercises its redemption option in 
accordance with the prospectus of the Contingent Bond before the Final Valuation Date, the Final 
Price of the Contingent Bond shall equal the redemption amount of the Contingent Bond 
(excluding final coupon) (i.e. the Early Redemption Amount of a Debt Instrument following a call 
by the Company issuing the Debt Instrument); 
(iii) 
In the event where the Contingent Bond has been converted into shares in accordance with the 
prospectus of the Contingent Bond before the Final Valuation Date, the Final Price of the 
Contingent Bond shall equal the Sale Price of the Shares Received by Exane Derivatives as the 
holder of the Contingent Bond. 
 
(iv) 
If on the Final Valuation Date, the Contingent Bond has not been redeemed at the Maturity Date of 
the Contingent Bond and the Company issuing the Contingent Bond has not exercised its 
redemption option in accordance with the prospectus of the Contingent Bond and the Contingent 
Bond has not been converted into shares, the Final Price of the Contingent Bond shall be the Debt 
Instrument Market Bid Price on the Final Valuation Date, 
 
In the event where the redemption amount of the Contingent Bond or Sale Price of the Shares Received by 
Exane Derivatives as the holder of the Contingent Bond before the Final Valuation Date (as defined in the 
Final Terms), the net amount will be capitalised between the date of receipt of the said amount by Exane 
Derivatives and the Final Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Contingent Bond defined in 
the Applicable Conditions 
8. Price of the Contingent Bond on a Valuation Date 
Price of the Contingent Bond on a Valaution Date means for the underlying Contingent Bond the following 
amount:

--- Page 359 ---
359 
 
i. 
If the Contingent Bond has been redeemed at the Maturity Date of the Contingent Bond, the Price 
of the Contingent Bond on a Valuation Date shall be the redemption amount of the Contingent 
Bond at its maturity date (i.e. the Principal Redemption Amount Received of a Debt Instrument) 
and as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
 
ii. 
In the event where the Company issuing the Contingent Bond exercises its redemption option in 
accordance with the prospectus of the Contingent Bond before the Valuation Date, the Price of the 
Contingent Bond on a Valuation Date shall equal the redemption amount of the Contingent Bond 
(excluding final coupon) (i.e. the Early Redemption Amount of a Debt Instrument following a call 
by the Company issuing the Debt Instrument); 
 
iii. 
In the event where the Contingent Bond has been converted into shares in accordance with the 
prospectus of the Contingent Bond before the Valuation Date, the Price of the Contingent Bond on 
a Valuation Date shall equal the Sale Price of the Shares Received by Exane Derivatives as the 
holder of the Contingent Bond. 
 
iv. 
If on the Valuation Date, the Contingent Bond has not been redeemed at the Maturity Date of the 
Contingent Bond and the Company issuing the Contingent Bond has not exercised its redemption 
option in accordance with the prospectus of the Contingent Bond and the Contingent Bond has not 
been converted into shares, the Price of the Contingent Bond on a Valuation Date shall be the Debt 
Instrument Market Bid Price on the Valuation Date, 
 
In the event where the redemption amount of the Contingent Bond or Sale Price of the Shares Received by 
Exane Derivatives as the holder of the Contingent Bond before the Valuation Date (as defined in the Final 
Terms), the net amount will be capitalised between the date of receipt of the said amount by Exane Derivatives 
and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Contingent Bond defined in the Final Terms. 
9. Final Price of the Convertible Bond 
Final Price of the Convertible Bond means for the underlying convertible bond the following amount:  
(i) 
If case (i) or (iv) of the definition of the Reference Date of the Convertible Bond applies, the Final 
Price of the Convertible Bond shall be the redemption amount of the Convertible Bond on the 
Debt Instrument Maturity Date (i.e. the Principal Redemption Amount Received of a Debt 
Instrument). 
(ii) 
If on the Final Valuation Date, the Convertible Bond has not been redeemed at the Maturity Date 
of the Convertible Bond and the Company issuing the Convertible Bond has not exerced its 
redemption option in accordance with the prospectus of the Convertible Bond, the Final Price of 
the Convertible Bond shall be the Debt Instrument Market Bid Price on the Final Valuation Date. 
(iii) 
If case (ii), (iii) or (v) of the definition of the Reference Date of the Convertible Bond applies, the 
Final Price of the Convertible Bond shall be the Sale Price of the Shares Received by Exane 
Derivatives as the holder of the Convertible Bond, such holder having exercised its right of 
conversion on the relevant Date of Activation of the Conversion Condition.  
In the event where the redemption amount of the Convertible Bond or Sale Price of the Shares Received by a 
holder of the Convertible Bond before the Final Valuation Date (as defined in the Final Terms), the net amount 
will be capitalized between the date of receipt of the said amount by Exane Derivatives and the Final Valuation 
Date at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Convertible Bond defined in the Applicable Conditions. 
10. Price of the Convertible Bond on a Valuation Date 
Price of the Convertible Bond on a Valaution Date means for the underlying convertible bond the following 
amount:  
(i) 
If case (i) or (iv) of the definition of the Reference Date of the Convertible Bond applies, the Price 
of the Convertible Bond on a Valuation Date shall be the redemption amount of the Convertible 
Bond on the Debt Instrument Maturity Date (i.e. the Principal Redemption Amount Received of a 
Debt Instrument). 
(ii) 
If on the Valuation Date, the Convertible Bond has not been redeemed at the Maturity Date of the 
Convertible Bond and the Company issuing the Convertible Bond has not exerced its redemption 
option in accordance with the prospectus of the Convertible Bond, the Price of the Convertible 
Bond on a Valuation Date shall be the Debt Instrument Market Bid Price on the Valuation Date.

--- Page 360 ---
360 
 
(iii) 
If case (ii), (iii) or (v) of the definition of the Reference Date of the Convertible Bond applies, the 
Price of the Convertible Bond on a Valuation Date shall be the Sale Price of the Shares Received 
by a holder of the Convertible Bond, such holder having exercised its right of conversion on the 
relevant Date of Activation of the Conversion Condition.  
In the event where the redemption amount of the Convertible Bond or Sale Price of the Shares Received by 
Exane Derivatives as the holder of the Convertible Bond before the Valuation Date (as defined in the Final 
Terms), the net amount will be capitalized between the date of receipt of the said amount by Exane Derivatives 
and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Convertible Bond defined in the Final Terms.  
11. Final Price of the Perpetual Bond 
In the event where the Company issuing the Perpetual Bond exercises its redemption option in accordance with 
the prospectus of the Perpetual Bond before the Final Valuation Date, the Final Price of the Perpetual Bond 
shall equal the redemption amount of the Perpetual Bond (excluding final coupon). This net amount will be 
capitalized at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Perpetual Bond between the date of receipt of the said 
amount by Exane Derivatives and the Final Valuation Date. 
Otherwise, the Final Price of the Perpetual Bond shall be equal to the Market Bid Price of the Debt Instrument 
on the Final Valuation Date. 
12. Price of the Perpetual Bond on a Valuation Date 
In the event where the Company issuing the Perpetual Bond exercises its redemption option in accordance with 
the prospectus of the Perpetual Bond before the Valuation Date, the Price of the Perpetual Bond on a Valuation 
Date shall equal the redemption amount of the Perpetual Bond (excluding final coupon). This net amount will 
be capitalized at the Capitalisation Rate of the Perpetual Bond between the date of receipt of the said amount 
by Exane Derivatives and the Valuation Date. 
Otherwise, the Price of the Perpetual Bond on a Valuation Date shall be equal to the Market Bid Price of the 
Debt Instrument on the Valuation Date. 
13. Final Price of the Debt Instrument 
The Final Price of the Debt Instrument corresponds to the redemption amount of the Debt Instrument 
(excluding final coupon) (i.e. the Principal Final Redemption Amount Received of a Debt Instrument). This net 
amount will be capitalized at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Debt Instrument between the date of 
receipt of the said amount by Exane Derivatives and the Final Valuation Date. 
14. Price of the Debt Instrument on a Valuation Date 
(i) 
If the Debt Instrument has been redeemed at the Debt Instrument Maturity Date before the Valuation 
Date, the Price of the Debt Instrument on a Valuation Date shall be the redemption amount of the Debt 
Instrument Maturity Date (i.e. the Principal Final Redemption Amount Received of a Debt Instrument) as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(ii) 
In the event where the Company issuing the Debt Instrument exercises its redemption option in 
accordance with the prospectus of the Debt Instrument before the Valuation Date, the Price of the Debt 
Instrument on a Valuation Date shall equal the redemption amount of the Debt Instrument (excluding final 
coupon) (i.e. the Early Redemption Amount of a Debt Instrument following a call by the Company issuing the 
Debt Instrument); 
 
(iii) 
If on the Valuation Date, the Debt Instrument has not been redeemed at the Maturity Date of the Debt 
Instrument and the Company issuing the Debt Instrument has not exercised its redemption option in 
accordance with the prospectus of the Debt Instrument, the Price of the Debt Instrument on a Valuation Date 
shall be the Debt Instrument Market Bid Price on the Valuation Date, 
In the event where the redemption amount of the Debt Instrument is received by Exane Derivatives before the 
Valuation Date as defined in the Final Terms, the net amount will be capitalised between the date of receipt of 
the said amount by Exane Derivatives and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Debt 
Instrument defined in the Final Terms 
15. Gross Debt Instrument Coupon

--- Page 361 ---
361 
 
The Gross Debt Instrument Coupon is the coupon as described in the prospectus of the Debt Instrument. 
16. Sum of the Gross Debt Instrument Coupons  
The Sum of the Debt Instrument coupons over the period means the sum of the Gross Debt Instrument 
Coupons between the Period Commencement Date (exclusive or inclusive) and the Period End Date (exclusive 
or inclusive), as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
17. Sum of the Gross Debt Instrument Coupons Capitalised at Bond Yield  
The Sum of the Gross Debt Instrument Coupons Capitalised at Bond Yield over the period means the 
capitalised sum of the Gross Debt Instrument Coupons planned to be paid between the Period Commencement 
Date (exclusive or inclusive) and the Period End Date (exclusive or inclusive) in accordance with the Debt 
Instrument prospectus, When calculating this capitalised sum, each Gross Coupon is capitalised between the 
date of the Gross Coupon and the Period End Date at a rate equal to a Bond Yield. This Bond Yield is the bond 
yield as defined in the applicable Final Terms, (with a Bloomberg reference, or any other description). The 
capitalization formula shall be defined in the Final Terms. 
 
18. Number of Liquidated Debt Instrumentd at a Valuation Date  
means the number of Debt Instruments that have been liquidated on or before the Valuation Date t by the 
application of the Liquidation Method as the applicable adjustment method  
19. Debt Instrument Coupon  
The Debt Instrument Coupon means the amount of the net coupon received by Exane Derivatives in its 
capacity as holder of the Debt Instrument. 
20. Sum of the Debt Instrument Coupons  
The Sum of the Debt Instrument coupons over the period means the sum of the Debt Instrument Coupons 
received by Exane Derivatives between the Period Commencement Date (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Period End Date (exclusive or inclusive), as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
21.  Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons  
The Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons means the sum of the Debt Instrument Coupons received 
by Exane Derivatives between the Period Commencement Date (exclusive or inclusive) and the Period End 
Date (exclusive or inclusive), as defined in the applicable Final Terms, and capitalized between their date of 
receipt by Exane Derivatives and the Period End Date at the Capitalisation Rate as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
22. Basket Debt Instrument Flow 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow on a Valuation Date t is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡
𝑃𝑖
0) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
 
23. Basket Debt Instrument Flow with FX Rate 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow on a Valuation Date t is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡
𝑃𝑖
0 ×
𝐹𝑋𝑖
𝑡
𝐹𝑋𝑖
0) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t

--- Page 362 ---
362 
 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
 
24. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow 
 
The Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow on a Valuation Date t is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡
𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value  
 
25. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with FX Rate 
 
The Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with FX Rate on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
∑𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× ( 𝑃𝑖
𝑡
𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖
× 𝐹𝑋𝑖
𝑡
𝐹𝑋𝑖
0) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value  
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
 
26. Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons on a Valuation Date t is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡+ ∑𝐶𝑖
𝑃𝑖
0
) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
 
 
27. Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons and FX Rate 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons and FX Rate on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
 ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡+ ∑𝐶𝑖
𝑃𝑖
0
×
𝐹𝑋𝑖
𝑡
𝐹𝑋𝑖
0) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Term  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Debt Instrument Price (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
28. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons  
 
The Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
 ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡+ ∑𝐶𝑖
𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Term  
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value 
𝑷𝒊
𝒕 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t

--- Page 363 ---
363 
 
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
 
29. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons and FX Rate  
 
The Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons and FX Rate on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
 ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡+ ∑𝐶𝑖
𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖×
𝐹𝑋𝑖
𝑡
𝐹𝑋𝑖
0) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value  
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
 
 
30. Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is equal to  
∑𝐰𝐢(𝐏𝐢
𝐏𝐢
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕
𝐏𝐣
𝟎
)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
 
31. Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method with FX Rate 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is equal to  
∑𝐰𝐢(𝐏𝐢
𝐏𝐢
𝟎× 𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕
𝐏𝐣
𝟎
×
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
FXtj means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Initial Valuation Date

--- Page 364 ---
364 
 
32. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method 
 
The Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is 
equal to  
∑𝐰𝐢(
𝐏𝐢
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐢
)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐣
)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
33. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method with FX Rate 
 
The Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is 
equal to  
∑𝐰𝐢(
𝐏𝐢
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐢
× 𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐣
×
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
FXtj means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Initial Valuation Date 
34. Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is 
equal to ∑
𝐰𝐢(
𝐏𝐢+∑𝐂𝐢
𝐏𝐢
𝟎
)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑
𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣×𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕+∑𝐂𝐣
𝐏𝐣
𝟎
)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1)

--- Page 365 ---
365 
 
35. Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method with FX Rate 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is 
equal to 
∑𝐰𝐢(𝐏𝐢+ ∑𝐂𝐢
𝐏𝐢
𝟎
× 𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕+ ∑𝐂𝐣
𝐏𝐣
𝟎
×
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Term  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
FXtj means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Initial Valuation Date 
36. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is 
equal to 
∑𝐰𝐢(𝐏𝐢+ ∑𝐂𝐢
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐢
)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕+ ∑𝐂𝐣
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐣
)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value 
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
 
37. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method with FX 
Rate 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is 
equal to 
∑𝐰𝐢(𝐏𝐢+ ∑𝐂𝐢
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐢
× 𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕+ ∑𝐂𝐣
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐣
×
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value  
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i)

--- Page 366 ---
366 
 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Initial Valuation Date 
FXtj means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Initial Valuation Date 
 
 
I. 
Credit Values 
1. Number of Defaulted Reference Entities  
Means, with respect to a Basket CLN or a Index CLN, the number of Reference Entities in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
2. Defaulted Reference Entity Weighting 
Means, with respect to a Basket CLN or a Index CLN, the weighting of the Defaulted Reference Entity, provided 
that such weighting is deemed to be equal to 0 if no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to 
such Reference Entity 
3. Recovery of a Defaulted Reference Entity 
Means either the Auction Final Price (condition 1.2) or a fixed level determined by the Calculation Agent, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
4. Sum of weighting of Defaulted Reference Entities 
Means the Sum of the Weightings of the Reference Entity(ies) in respect of which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred. 
5. Adjusted Spread 
The Adjusted Spread represents the spread of the Reference Entities including the Reference Entities for which 
a Credit Event has occurred 
 
𝑨𝒅𝒋𝒖𝒔𝒕𝒆𝒅 𝑺𝒑𝒓𝒆𝒂𝒅
= ∑𝐃𝐞𝐟𝐚𝐮𝐥𝐭𝐞𝐝𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐄𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐭𝐲𝐖𝐞𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐢
𝐧
𝐢=𝟏
× (𝟏−𝐑𝐞𝐜𝐨𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐲𝐢)
𝐃𝐮𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)
+ 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐒𝐩𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐝× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% −∑𝐃𝐞𝐟𝐚𝐮𝐥𝐭𝐞𝐝𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐄𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐭𝐲𝐖𝐞𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐢
𝐧
𝐢=𝟏
) 
Where  
 
n means the number of Reference Entities in the Basket or the Index. 
DefaultedReferenceEntityWeigthingi means the Weighting of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
has occurred (each a Reference Entity(i)). 
Recoveryi means the Auction Final Price of a Reference Entity(i) in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred. 
Duration(t): means the Market Indicator that is 1) the duration of the Credit Default Swap of the Credit Index, 
such duration being published in Bloomberg page CDIA for the Index on a Valuation Date(t) or 2) the average 
of the duration for the CDS of the Reference Entities comprised in the Basket as read in Bloomberg page 
CDIA on a Valuation Date(t). 
Reference Spread(t) means the Observed Level of the Credit Spread on a Valuation Date (t) 
∑
𝐃𝐞𝐟𝐚𝐮𝐥𝐭𝐞𝐝𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐄𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐭𝐲𝐖𝐞𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐢
𝐧
𝐢=𝟏
 means the Sum of Weightings of Reference Entities(i) for 
which a Credit Event has occurred. 
6. Net Leveraged Early Value

--- Page 367 ---
367 
 
Means an amount determined before maturity that represent the net value of the leveraged investment in 
several Reference Entities credit. 
 
 
𝐍𝐞𝐭 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐠𝐞𝐝 𝐄𝐚𝐫𝐥𝐲 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞
=  𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞
× [𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐠𝐞× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% −∑𝐃𝐞𝐟𝐚𝐮𝐥𝐭𝐞𝐝𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐄𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐭𝐲𝐖𝐞𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐢
𝐧
𝐢=𝟏
) × 𝐙𝐂𝐑𝐢𝐬𝐤𝐲
𝐭
−(𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐠𝐞−𝟏𝟎𝟎%) × 𝐙𝐂𝐍𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐢𝐬𝐤𝐲
𝐭
] 
 
 
Where: 
 
𝐙𝐂𝐍𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐢𝐬𝐤𝐲
𝐭
=
𝟏
(𝟏+ 𝐔𝐧𝐫𝐢𝐬𝐤𝐲𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐭)𝐑𝐞𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐮𝐚𝐥𝐌𝐚𝐭𝐮𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐲 
 
 
𝐙𝐂𝐑𝐢𝐬𝐤𝐲
𝐭
=
𝟏
(𝟏+ 𝐑𝐢𝐬𝐤𝐲𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐭)𝐑𝐞𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐮𝐚𝐥𝐌𝐚𝐭𝐮𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐲 
 
Unrisky Ratet is a Zero Coupon Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent on a Valuation Date and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Risky Ratet is a Zero Coupon Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent on a Valuation Date and specified 
in the applicable Final Terms 
Residual Maturity is a number of years between two Valuation Dates as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
V. 
COUPONS 
A. Indexed coupon 
1. Coupon Indexed to a Value 
Means a coupons paid by the Security and equal to a Value as specified in the Final Terms.  
2. Coupon Floored to the Previous Coupon 
Means a coupon paid by the Security which will be equal to the greater of the theoretical coupon and the 
previous coupon t-1 as per the Financial Definition of Floored Value. 
Where: 
 TheoreticalCoupont means the fixed, floating or indexed coupon as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. Coupon Capped to the Previous Coupon 
Means a coupon paid by the Security which will be equal to the lesser of the Theoretical Coupont and the 
previous coupont-1, as per the Financial Definition of Capped Value. 
TheoreticalCoupont means the fixed, floating or indexed coupon as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. Conditional Coupon 
Means an indexed coupon, the payment of which is subject to one or several Condition(s) defined in the Final 
Terms: if the Condition(s) is (are) met, the amount paid in respect of the Conditional Coupon will be equal to 
different Values as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. Tempo Coupon

--- Page 368 ---
368 
 
Means a coupon paid by the Security, depending on Conditions and Values for different Valuations Dates 
which enables any previous unpaid coupons to be recovered, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Applicable Condition for the Tempo Coupont is met: 
Coupont = Sum of Theoretical Couponst – Sum of Coupons paidt-1 
If the Applicable Condition for the Tempo Coupont is not met: 
Coupont = zero 
 
Where: 
Sum of Theoretical Couponst means the sum of the coupons, determined on all Valuation Date up 
to the Valuation Date t, which would have been paid notwithstanding their respective Applicable Condition. 
6. Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula:  
Coupont = Max(0; Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1) 
7. Capped and Floored Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula: 
Coupont = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1)) 
Floor and Cap are defined in the applicable Final Terms 
8. Capped Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula: 
Coupont = Min(Cap; Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1) 
Cap is defined in the applicable Final Terms 
9. Floored Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula: 
Coupont = Max(Floor; Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1) 
Floor is defined in the applicable Final Terms 
10. Capped and Floored Indexed Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula: 
Coupont = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; Participation x Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1)) 
Participation, Floor and Cap are defined in the applicable Final Terms 
11. Capped Indexed Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula: 
Coupont = Min(Cap; Participation x Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1) 
Participation and Cap is defined in the applicable Final Terms 
12. Floored Indexed Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula:

--- Page 369 ---
369 
 
Coupont = Max(Floor; Participation x Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1) 
Participation and Floor are defined in the applicable Final Terms 
13. Fixed Coupon 
Means a coupon defined as a fixed amount or percentage in the applicable Final Terms. 
14. Sum of Coupon Paid 
Means the sum of the coupons that have already been determined and paid before the Valuation Date. 
Sum of Coupons Paidt = Coupon1+…+ Coupont 
By convention:  
Sum of Coupons Paid0 = 0 
Where  
Coupont means the coupon paid on the Interest Payment Date t defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
B. Incremental Coupon 
Incremental Interest Rate means, for any Period, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed in the 
form of a percentage, equal (unless stipulated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) to the number of Trigger 
Days included in this Period, divided by the number of Monitoring Days included in this Period. 
Monitoring Day means, for any Period, any day included in this Monitoring Period which is (unless stipulated 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) a Scheduled Trading Day. Unless stipulated otherwise in the applicable 
Final Terms, if a Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day, such Monitoring Day will be deemed not to be a 
Monitoring Day and it will therefore not be taken into account in determining the Number of Monitoring Days 
and the Number of Trigger Days. 
Period means any period that begins on any Reference Date (not inclusive) and ends on the next Reference Date 
(inclusive), it being specified, for the avoidance of doubt, that the first Monitoring Period will begin on the first 
Reference Date (not inclusive) and the last Monitoring Period will end on the last Reference Date (inclusive). 
Number of Monitoring Days means, for any Period, the number of Monitoring Days included in this Period. 
Number of Trigger Days means, for any Period, the number of Monitoring Days included in this Period which 
are Trigger Days. 
Reference Dates means the Dates as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, if one of these dates is not a 
Monitoring Day, the next Monitoring Day. 
Trigger Day means any Monitoring Day where the Price of the Underlying, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the Trigger Valuation Time, on the relevant Exchange on such Monitoring Day, is, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or 
equal to” the Trigger Price. 
Trigger Price means the Price of the Underlying as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trigger Valuation Time means the time or period of time, on any Monitoring Day, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if the applicable Final Terms do not specify any Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger 
Valuation Time will be the Valuation Time. 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the Incremental Interest clause applies, the provisions of this 
Condition will apply to every Interest Amount and/or Settlement Amount, subject to determining the applicable 
Incremental Interest Rate.

--- Page 370 ---
370 
 
VI. 
SETTLEMENT 
A. Final Settlement  
1. Fixed Settlement Amount 
Means a Certificate settlement amount on the Maturity Date and as defined in the applicable Final Terms. It 
can be either a fixed amount or a fixed percentage of the Nominal Value of the Securities. 
Examples: Settlement at 1,000 EUR or Settlement at 90% x Nominal Value 
2. Bond Backed Settlement Amount 
Means a Certificate settlement amount on the Maturity Date equal to the product of the Quantity of Backed 
Bonds and the Final Settlement Amount of a Debt Instrument (Coupon Included), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
3. Delta One Settlement Amount 
Means a Certificate settlement amount on the Maturity Date calculated from the Value(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Example: Basket of fixed term Bonds with foreign exchange hedging  
Value (of the Delta One Settlement Amount) = Added Costs Net Value  
- 
Value of Added Cost Net Value : Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging (definition 2) 
 
(a) Foreign Exchange Rate(of the Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging): EUR/USD 
(b) Value (of the Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging): Weighted Basket Value 
• 
Components of the Weighted Basket: Ratios (Value (1) divided by Value (2) 
- 
Value (1) of the Ratio: Sum of Value (a) and Value (b)  
• 
Value(a): Final Price of the Bond  
• 
Value(b): Sum of Capitalised Coupons of the Bond  
• 
Capitalised Rate of the Sum of Capitalised Coupons of the Bond 
- 
Value (2) of the Ratio: Initial Price of the Bond 
➢ Weightings the Weighted Basket: To be determined  
- 
Added Costs (of the Net Added Costs Strategy): 1% 
4. Indexed Settlement Amount  
Means a Certificate settlement amount on the Maturity Date equal to the product of the Indexation and the 
Indexation Formula specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Example for a Leverage Certificate:  
Indexed Settlement Amount = Indexation x Indexation Formula: 200% x Max(Value – Strike; 0)  
With 
Indexation (of the Indexed Settlement Amount): 200% 
Indexation Formula (of the Indexed Settlement Amount): Call 
Value of the Call: Closing Price of Share X on the Final Valuation Date 
Strike: 50% of the Closing Price of Share X on the Initial Valuation Date 
5. Conditional Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount of the Certificate at the Maturity Date dependent on an Applicable Condition 
defined in the applicable Final Terms (i.e. the settlement amount shall be the Final Settlement Amount A if the 
Applicable Condition is met, otherwise the settlement amount shall be the Final Settlement Amount B).

--- Page 371 ---
371 
 
Each Final Settlement Amount A and B shall be a Final Settlement Amount as defined in the Technical Annex. 
6. Composite Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount defined by one or more Values. 
7. Combined Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount defined by several Settlement Amounts. 
 
8. Cash Settled Warrant Amount  
a) Indexed Warrants Amount 
 
i. Call Warrant Amount 
Means an amount obtained when having the capacity to benefit from the increase of a Value on a Valuation 
Date t (that is an amount) as compared to a certain fixed amount, the Strike. 
Call equals to (1/Parity) x Max(0; Valuet-Strike). 
Where Valuet is a Value on a Valuation Date t, Strike is an amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and Parity is a number, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
ii. Put Warrant Amount 
Means an amount obtained when having the capacity to benefit from the decrease of a Value on a Valuation 
Date t (that is an amount) as compared to a certain fixed amount, the Strike. 
Put equals to (1/Parity) × Max(0; Strike- Valuet). 
Where Valuet is a Value on a Valuation Date t, Strike is an amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and Parity is a number , as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
b) 
Conditional Warrant Amount 
Means a settlement amount of the Warrant at the Exercise Date dependent on an Applicable Condition defined 
in the applicable Final Terms, i.e. equal to Final Settlement Amount A if the Applicable Condition is met, 
otherwise Final Settlement Amount B  
Each Final Settlement Amount A and B shall be a Final Settlement Amount as defined in the Technical Annex. 
 
c) 
Delta One Warrant Amount 
Means a Warrant settlement amount on the Exercise Date calculated from the Value(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
B.  Early Settlement 
1. Fixed Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount of a Security on the Automatic Early Settlement Date or the Optional Settlement 
Date and as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. Bond Backed Settlement Amount 
Means a settlement amount of a Security on the Automatic Early Settlement Date or the Optional Settlement 
Date equal to the product of the Quantity of Backed Bonds and the Final Settlement Amount of a Bond 
(Coupon Included), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. Delta One Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount of a Security on the Automatic Early Settlement Date or the Optional Settlement 
Date calculated from the Value(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 372 ---
372 
 
4. Indexed Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount of a Security on the Automatic Early Settlement Date or the Optional Settlement 
Date equal to the product of the Indexation and the Indexation Formula specified in the applicable Final Terms 
5.  Conditional Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount of a Security at the Automatic Early Settlement Date or the Optional Settlement 
Date dependent on an Applicable Condition defined in the applicable Final Terms 
6.  Composite Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount defined by one or more Values. 
7. Combined Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount defined by several Settlement Amounts. 
8. Cash Settled Warrant Amount  
d) Indexed Warrants Amount 
 
i. Call Warrant Amount 
Means an amount obtained when having the capacity to benefit from the increase of a Value on a Valuation 
Date t (that is an amount) as compared to a certain fixed amount, the Strike. 
Call equals to (1/Parity) × Max(0; Valuet-Strike). 
Where Valuet is a Value on a Valuation Date t, Strike is an amount and Parity is a number, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
ii. Put Warrant Amount 
Means an amount obtained when having the capacity to benefit from the decrease of a Value on a 
Valuation Date t (that is an amount) as compared to a certain fixed amount, the Strike. 
Put equals to (1/Parity) × Max(0; Strike- Valuet). 
Where Valuet is a Value on a Valuation Date t, Strike is an amount and Parity is a number, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
e) Conditional Warrant Amount 
Means a settlement amount of the Warrant at the Automatic Early Settlement Date dependent on an Applicable 
Condition defined in the applicable Final Terms 
 
f) Delta One Warrant Amount 
Means a Warrant settlement amount on the Automatic Early Settlement Date calculated from the Value(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 373 ---
373 
 
C. Settlement for CLN and Hybrid Securities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred 
1. Settlement Amount for [CLN/ Credit-Linked Portion of Hybrid Securities/ Credit Linked Warrant] (the 
“Alternative Settlement Amounts”) 
 
a) First Alternative Settlement Amount 
 
In respect of a CLN or the Credit-Linked Portion of a Hybrid Security or a Credit Linked Warrant, First 
Alternative Settlement Amount means a Fixed Settlement Amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or if no such amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to: 
 
(i) 
First Alternative Settlement Amount(1), which is equal to: 
(A x B) – C 
Where: 
"A" is (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of a Basket CLN, a Tranched CLN and an Index CLN, 
which has the meanings as set forth in Condition 1.2, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or (ii) the 
Nominal Value for a Single Name CLN; 
"B" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price, [100% - Final Price] or [100% - Auction Final Price], as defined in 
the Final Terms in accordance to the relevant Settlement Method, 
"C" is the Unwind Costs, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
 
(ii) First Alternative Settlement Amount(2), which is equal to, in respect of a Basket CLN, a Tranche CLN and 
an Index CLN,  
(A – B) – C 
Where: 
"A" is equal to the Nominal Value before the occurrence of any Credit Event and satisfaction of the Conditions to 
Settlement 
"B" is equal to the Aggregate Loss Amount  
"C" is the Unwind Costs, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
 
(iii) First Alternative Settlement Amount(3), which is equal to 
(A×B) 
Where: 
"A" is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance (excluding accrued but unpaid interest) of each Valuation 
Obligation (or if Condition 6.6 applies, the Outstanding Principal Balance (excluding accrued but unpaid interest) 
of each Valuation Obligation constituting the Undelivered Portion), 
"B" is the Final Price or the Auction Final Price as defined in the Final Terms in accordance to the relevant 
Settlement Method, converted (as applicable) into the currency of the CLNs at the relevant spot rate of exchange 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. 
 
provided that in no event shall the First Alternative Settlement Amount be less than zero.  
 
(iv) First Alternative Settlement Amount(4), which is equal to, in respect of a Basket CLN, a Tranche CLN and 
an Index CLN,  
(A – L x B) – C 
"A" is equal to the Nominal Value before the occurrence of any Credit Event and satisfaction of the Conditions to 
Settlement 
"B" is equal to the Aggregate Loss Amount

--- Page 374 ---
374 
 
“L” is a Leverage expressed as a percentage 
"C" is the Unwind Costs, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
 
b) Second Alternative Settlement Amount  
In respect of a CLN or the Credit-Linked Portion of a Hybrid Security or a Credit Linked Warrant, Second 
Alternative Settlement Amount means a Fixed Settlement Amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or if no such amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to:  
 
(i) 
the Nominal Value,  
(ii) 
plus, for each Reference Entity for which Second Alternative Long CDS Final Settlement Method is 
specified as the applicable Second Alternative Final Settlement Method, if relevant and as applicable: 
(a) the Second Alternative Aggregate Loss Amount for such Reference Entity; and  
(b) the Second Alternative Aggregate Expected Protection Amount for such Reference Entity;  
 
(iii) 
minus, for each Reference Entity for which Second Alternative Short CDS Final Settlement Method is 
specified as the applicable Second Alternative Cash Settlement Method, if relevant and as applicable: 
(a) the Second Alternative Aggregate Loss Amount for such Reference Entity; and  
(b) the Second Alternative Aggregate Expected Protection Amount for such Reference Entity. 
 
c) 
Third Alternative Settlement Amount  
In respect of a CLN or the Credit-Linked Portion of a Hybrid Security or a Credit Linked Warrant, Third 
Alternative Settlement Amount, if the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied with respect to a Reference Entity on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the CLN or the Credit-Linked Portion of a Hybrid Security will be redeemed, 
when relevant and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, at the Third Alternative Settlement Amount as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Settlement Date. 
 
Third Alternative Settlement Amount means, in case of occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to a Reference 
Entity, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to:  
 
A x (1– B) 
where: 
"A" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount which has the meanings as set forth in Condition 1.2, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms; and 
"B" is the Auction Final Price or Final Price as defined in the Final Terms in accordance to the relevant Settlement 
Method, 
provided that in no event shall the Third Alternative Settlement Amount be less than zero. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Third Alternative Settlement Amount shall be only applicable to CLN with a 
Nominal Value of not less than euros 100 000. 
 
 
2. Settlement Amount for Hybrid Securities 
 
For the sake of clarity, for each Hybrid Securities, the Final Settlement Amount will be determined according to the 
following formula (the “Hybrid Final Settlement Amount”): 
Max(0 %; Value × Alternative Settlement Amount + Underlying Settlement Amount) 
Value is the level of the Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Alternative Settlement Amount is the amount determined as per the formula specified in the Final Terms and 
described hereabove. 
Underlying Settlement Amount is the amount determined as per the Technical Annex and as detailed in the relevant 
Final Terms

--- Page 375 ---
375 
 
DYNAMIC PORTFOLIOS 
ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS FOR DYNAMIC PORTFOLIOS 
Introduction 
 
This document describes the general principle and how the Dynamic Portfolios are calculated (the General 
Methodology). It should be read in conjunction with the specific methodologies for each Dynamic Portfolio 
(individually the Specific Methodology and collectively the Methodologies). 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodologies, Exane Derivatives acts as both the sponsor (the Portfolio 
Sponsor) and the calculation agent (the Portfolio Calculation Agent) for the Dynamic Portfolios. 
1. 
Definitions 
 
Base Currency  
refers to the currency in which the Dynamic Portfolio is denominated, as specified in 
each Specific Methodology. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
means, when applicable, the Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 ((EU) 2016/1011 
 
BGN 
means the Bloomberg Generic Pricing last price for the Debt Security Instrument  
 
BVAL  
means the mid Reference Price of the current Debt Instrument as published on the 
Bloomberg Page HP (Historical Price- Source BVAL) and corresponding to the 
Bloomberg Valuation for the Debt Security Instrument 
 
Calculation Date 
refers to an Exchange Business Day where more than seventy-five per cent (75%) or 
on any other percentage as mentioned in the Specific Methodology of the Reference 
Prices of Portfolio Components are obtained by the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
according to the method detailed in Appendix 1, paragraph 2 and that is a TARGET 
2 Business Day. 
CBBT 
means the Composite Bloomberg Bond Trader last price as published on the 
Bloomberg Page ALLQ for the Debt Security Instrument. 
Constant  
refers to a fixed number, associated to an eligible currency, which can belong to the 
Dynamic Portfolio in the same way as a Portfolio Component, although without 
being an Instrument (Equity, Fund, Index, Futures Contract or Debt Security). 
Creation Date 
refers to the date of creation of a Dynamic Portfolio and as specified in each Specific 
Methodology. 
Creation Value 
refers to the value of the Dynamic Portfolio at the Creation Date. 
Debt Instrument Bankruptcy  
means a Company (the issuer of the Debt Security Instrument) which (a) is 
dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to 
pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (d) institutes or has instituted 
against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the 
entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case

--- Page 376 ---
376 
 
within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a 
resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject 
to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its 
assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or 
has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained, in each case within thirty (30) calendar days thereafter; or (h) causes or 
is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) to 
(g) (inclusive). 
 
Debt Security Instrument 
refers to any financial instrument (including a bond, a convertible bond or a 
perpetual bond) or any debt securities that confer the same creditor right for the 
same nominal value or representing a right of claim over the legal entity that issued 
such instrument that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
Debt Security Instrument 
Execution Price 
refers to price of the Debt Security Instrument duly executed by Exane Derivatives 
on a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
Depositary  
means the entity acting as depositary of the Fund. 
Deposit Agreement  
means the contract or other financial instrument constituting the Depository Receipt, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 
Dynamic Portfolio Instrument 
refers to a Dynamic Portfolio that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio.  
 
Equity Instrument 
refers to a share or, as applicable, an ordinary share in the company’s capital, a 
depository receipt representing ownership of the underlying share (a Depository 
Receipt), or a share in an exchange traded fund (an ETF or Exchange Traded 
Fund) that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio, each being issued by a company (a 
Company). 
 
Equity Instrument Clearing 
System  
means the principal domestic clearing system normally used to settle transactions on 
the Equity Instrument at the relevant time, as determined in good faith by the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
 
Equity Instrument Clearing  
System Business Day 
means any day on which the Equity Instrument Clearing System is open (or would 
have been open, but for the occurrence of an Equity Instrument Clearing System 
Settlement Disruption Event) for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
 
Equity Instrument Clearing 
System Settlement Disruption 
Event  
means an event outside the control of the Issuer, as a result of which (i) the Equity 
Instrument Clearing System cannot clear the transfer of the Equity Instrument or (ii) 
the Equity Instrument Clearing System ceases to clear all or any of its shares. 
 
 
Equity Instrument Execution 
Price 
Refers either to: 
- 
the VWAP of the Equity Instrument (i.e. the volume weighted average price of 
the Equity Instrument, provided that such arithmetic average shall include the 
opening price and the closing price, without any regard to pre-open or after

--- Page 377 ---
377 
 
hours trading). The VWAP of the relevant Equity Instrument is available on the 
AQR Bloomberg page of the Equity Instrument and based on a Scheduled 
Trading Day from the opening time to the closing time of the principal relevant 
exchange. If such price is not available on the Rebalancing Date or is, in the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion, inappropriate, the VWAP 
shall be determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent in a reasonable 
commercially manner; Or  
- 
the official closing price of the Equity Instrument, converted into the Base 
Currency of the Dynamic Portfolio as the case may be, as the applicable 
Reference Price of the Equity Instrument; Or 
- 
the communication of a limit order to the Portfolio Calculation Agent that will 
be valid only on a single Calculation Date. If the limit order is only partially 
executed by the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Calculation Agent will adjust 
the quantity or weight of the Equity Instrument accordingly. If there is not 
enough cash available to fully execute the order, the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
will execute the order according to the available cash.  
 
ETF Administrator  
means the administrator, trustee or similar person with principal administrative 
responsibility for such ETF, as determined in good faith by the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent. 
ETF Advisor  
means the person appointed to act as investment manager or investment adviser of 
the ETF, as determined in good faith by the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
 
ETF Underlying Index  
means the reference index to which such ETF is linked, as determined in good faith 
by the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
 
Event Effective Date 
means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent. 
Exchange Business Day 
means any: 
 
(i) Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference Market and the related exchange 
(if any) of an Equity Instrument, a Debt Security Instrument or an Index Instrument 
(for mono-exchange index only), as the case may be, are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session, notwithstanding such Market Reference or 
related exchange closing prior to its scheduled weekday closing time on such date, 
without regards to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
sessions; and/or 
 
(ii) Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference Market of a Futures Contract 
Instrument or a Listed Option Instrument is open for trading during its regular 
trading session, notwithstanding the Reference Market closing prior to its scheduled 
weekday closing time on such date, without regards to after-hours or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(iii) date on which a valid order may be executed by a hypothetical investor based on 
the Fund document in force on the Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio; and/or  
 
(iv) Scheduled Trading Day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for multi-
exchange index only) publishes the level of the Index Instrument and the related 
exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such 
related exchange closing prior to its scheduled weekday closing time on such date, 
without regards to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
sessions and/or 
 
(v) Scheduled Trading Day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for 
Proprietary Index only) publishes the level of the Index Instrument and/or. 
 
(vi) in any other circumstances and for FX Instruments, OTC Derivatives 
Instruments or Dynamic Portfolio Instruments, Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
commercial banks are open and the foreign exchange markets are operating in Paris 
–France.

--- Page 378 ---
378 
 
Execution Price 
refers to the price of execution of a Portfolio Component which use is described into 
Appendix 1 here below.  
 
Fund  
means any collective investment scheme or structure governed by French or foreign 
law, or any sub-fund of a collective investment scheme or structure governed by 
French or foreign law. 
 
Fund Adviser  
means any person authorised to act as discretionary investment manager or non-
discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser 
of a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for the 
Fund. 
Fund Documents  
means, with respect to any Fund, the constitutive documents, subscription 
agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions 
relating to such Fund  
Fund Instrument 
refers any share or unit of a collective investment scheme or structure governed by 
French or foreign law, or any sub-fund of a collective investment scheme or 
structure governed by French or foreign law that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio. 
Fund Service Provider  
means, in respect to any Fund, any person or entity who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund 
Documents, including any fund adviser, fund administrator, manager, trustee, 
auditor or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such 
Fund, operator, management company, depositary, custodian, subcustodian, prime 
broker, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent. 
 
Futures Contract Instrument 
refers to a futures contract that forms parts of a Dynamic Portfolio. 
Futures Contract Underlying  
means, in respect of the relevant Futures Contract instrument, the index(ices), 
share(s), debt instrument(s) or commodity(ies). 
 
FX Instrument  
refers to any exchange rate that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio.  
 
 
Futures Execution Price 
means, in case of an intraday execution of a Futures Contract Instrument (total or 
partial unwind, new or increase of the exposure), the price of a Futures Contract 
Instrument duly confirmed by e-mail by the Portfolio Advisor and that may differ 
from the indicative price provided by the Portfolio Calculation Agent  
Hypothetical Investor  
means any hypothetical or real investor (as determined by the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Instrument, who is deemed 
to have the rights and obligations, as specified in the relevant Fund Documents, of 
an investor holding a Fund Instrument on the relevant date. The Portfolio 
Calculation Agent may assume that the Hypothetical Investor is resident in a 
jurisdiction or incorporated in a jurisdiction, and that it is, without limitation, the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Portfolio Calculation Agent or any of their 
affiliates (as the Portfolio Calculation Agent may determine in the context of the 
relevant situation). 
 
Index Instrument  
refers to an index that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio (which may include, for the 
avoidance of doubt, reference indices (a mono-exchange index, a multi-exchanges 
index), currency hedge indices, monetary indices or an Exane Index (for this latter 
and the sake of clarity, it will be named in the relevant following paragraphs as a 
“Proprietary Index”).

--- Page 379 ---
379 
 
Listed Option Instrument  
refers to a listed option that forms parts of a Dynamic Portfolio. 
Listed Option Execution Price 
means, in case of an intraday execution of a Listed Option Instrument (total or 
partial unwind, new or increase of the exposure), the price of a Kisted Option 
Instrument duly confirmed by e-mail by the Portfolio Advisor and that may differ 
from the indicative price provided by the Portfolio Calculation Agent  
 
 
Maintenance Fees 
refers to the fees required by the Portfolio Sponsor for the appropriate execution of 
the administration of the Dynamic Portfolio and as specified into the Specific 
Methodology. 
Management Company  
means the entity acting as management company for the relevant Fund Instrument. 
Net Asset Value  
means, in respect of a Fund, the net asset value of the Fund Instrument, as calculated 
and published by any of its Fund Service Provider on the relevant date, it being 
specified that the Portfolio Calculation Agent may adjust the net asset value of the 
Fund Instrument to reflect, without duplication, the portion borne by the Fund 
Instrument of all costs, commissions, expenses, charges, duties, taxes or deductions 
that may be payable and/or incurred in connection with the subscription or 
settlement of this Fund Instrument. 
 
New Debt Security Instrument  means securities of the new company in the event of a Merger or securities resulting 
from Spin-Off (as applicable). Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible 
after the Event Effective Date, by reference to the applicable exchange parity, it 
being understood that, in the event that the original securities must be substituted for 
several different categories of securities, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may decide 
to substitute for the relevant securities one (or more) of such securities (the Selected 
Security(ies)). In this case, the value of the security or securities not selected (the 
Excluded Security(ies)) shall be expressed as a number or a fraction of a number of 
one (or more) of the Selected Security(ies), at the Portfolio Calculation Agent’s 
choice, which shall be calculated by the Portfolio Calculation Agent on the basis of 
the official closing price of both the Selected Security or Securities and the Excluded 
Securities, recorded simultaneously on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted 
security or securities include one or more unlisted securities, the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market value of such unlisted security or 
securities on the Event Effective Date. 
New Equity Instrument 
mean the securities exchanged or offered for Equity Instruments pursuant to a 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer, the securities of the new company or new fund in the 
case of a Merger or the securities resulting from a Spin-off (as the case may be). 
Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, by 
reference to the applicable exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event 
that the original securities must be substituted for several different categories of 
securities, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for the relevant 
securities one (or more) of such securities (the Selected Security(ies)). In this case, 
the value of the security or securities not selected (the Excluded Security(ies)) shall 
be expressed as a number or a fraction of a number of one (or more) of the Selected 
Security(ies), at the Portfolio Calculation Agent’s choice, which shall be calculated 
by the Portfolio Calculation Agent on the basis of the official closing price of both 
the Selected Security or Securities and the Excluded Securities, recorded 
simultaneously on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted security or securities 
include one or more unlisted securities, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall 
determine the fair market value of such unlisted security or securities on the Event 
Effective Date.

--- Page 380 ---
380 
 
New Fund Instrument  
means the unit or securities of the new fund in the case of a Merger or the unit or 
security resulting from a Spin-off (as the case may be), received upon such Event by 
a holder of Fund Instruments prior to such Event. Any substitution shall be made as 
soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, by reference to the applicable 
exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event that the original unit or 
security must be substituted for several different categories of units or shares, the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for the relevant units or 
securities res one (or more) of such units or securities (the Selected Fund 
Instrument (s)). In this case, the value of the unit(s) or security(ies) not selected 
(the Excluded Fund Instrument (s)) shall be expressed as a number or a fraction of 
a number of one (or more) of the Selected Fund Instrument(s), at the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent’s choice, which shall be calculated by the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent on the basis of the executed level for an Hypothetical Investor of both the 
Selected Fund Instrument(s) and the Excluded Fund Instrument(s), recorded 
simultaneously on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted unit(s) or share(s) 
include one or more unit(s) or share(s) with no executed level for an Hypothetical 
Investor, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market value of 
such unit(s) or share(s) on the Event Effective Date. 
Number of Rebalancing Days 
refers to the number of Calculation Dates over which the composition of a Dynamic 
Portfolio is modified following a Rebalancing Trigger. Unless otherwise specified in 
the Specific Methodology of the Dynamic Portfolio, it is equal to one. 
Operational Committee 
consisting of members representing structuring, legal, risk and compliance 
departments of the Portfolio Sponsor, is in charge of reviewing at least annually the 
definition and method of determination of the Dynamic Portfolio and to review any 
modification, error management, adjustment or market disruption event which is not 
provided for in the Methodology of the Dynamic Portfolio and implemented by the 
Technical Committee. 
OTC Derivatives Instruments  
(a) any transaction (including an agreement with respect to any such transaction) 
which is a rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, 
commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity 
index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap 
transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-
currency rate swap transaction, currency option, credit protection transaction, credit 
swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread 
transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back 
transaction, 
securities 
lending 
transaction, 
weather index 
transaction 
or  
forward purchase or sale of a security, commodity or other financial instrument or 
interest (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) or (ii) which 
is a type of transaction that is similar to any transaction referred to in clause (i) 
above that is currently, or in the future becomes, recurrently entered into in the 
financial markets (including terms and conditions incorporated by reference in such 
agreement) and which is a forward, swap, future, option or other derivative on one 
or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity securities or other equity instruments, 
debt securities or other debt instruments, economic indices or measures of economic 
risk or value, or other benchmarks against which payments or deliveries are to be 
made, 
or 
any 
combination 
of 
these 
transactions 
and  
(c) any other transaction identified as an OTC Derivatives Transaction by the 
relevant confirmation. 
 
Portfolio Advisor 
refers to, in case of a jointly developed Dynamic Portfolio, any entity belonging to 
the Exane Group or any third party appointed by the Portfolio Sponsor whose details 
are specified into the Specific Methodology and responsible for providing to the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent with the all relevant information required for calculating 
and maintaining the Dynamic Portfolio, notably that relating to the choice and 
quantity or weights of Portfolio Components.

--- Page 381 ---
381 
 
Portfolio Advisor Fees  
refers to the fees that may be paid to the Portfolio Advisor as the case may be and 
duly specified into the relevant Calculation Agency and Portfolio Advisor 
Agreement to be signed between the Portfolio Sponsor and the Portfolio Advisor.  
Portfolio Calculation Agent 
refers to Exane Derivatives or any other entity whose role is to calculate the values 
of the Dynamic Portfolios and/or to make Adjustments applicable to the Dynamic 
Portfolios. 
Portfolio Component  
refers to an Equity Instrument, a Fund Instrument, an Index Instrument, a Futures 
Contract Instrument, a Listed Option Instrument, a Debt Security Instrument, an 
OTC Derivative Instrument, a Constant, and/or a Dynamic Portfolio Instrument. 
Portfolio (dynamic) 
refers to any dynamic asset allocation using different type of Portfolio Components 
implementing a dynamic algorithm or jointly developed by a Portfolio Sponsor and 
a Portfolio Advisor and for which Exane Derivatives is acting as the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent.  
Portfolio Fees 
refers to any fee applied to the Dynamic Portfolio as specified into the relevant 
Specific Methodology and that are necessary for the proper functioning of the 
Dynamic Portfolio. The Portfolio Fees may have the form of Rebalancing Costs, 
Portfolio Advisor Fees, Reinvestment Fees, Maintenance Fees and any other specific 
fees as detailed into the relevant Specific Methodology. 
Supervision Committee 
consisting of members representing the top management of the structuring, legal, 
risk, compliance departments of the Portfolio Sponsor that meets at least each 
semester a year to control that all the process applicable have been correctly 
implemented.  
Rebalancing  
refers to the reallocation, inclusion or exclusion of Portfolio Components on a 
frequency as specified into and in accordance with the Specific Methodology or in 
case of exceptional circumstances determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
Technical Committee or the Operational Committee of the relevant Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
Rebalancing Date 
refers to each Calculation Date to the extent of the maximum number of 
Rebalancing on which there is a Rebalancing. 
Rebalancing Costs 
refers to the costs incurred in case of Rebalancing. Unless otherwise specified in the 
Specific Methodology of the Dynamic Portfolio, it is equal to zero. 
Rebalancing Period 
refers to the period of consecutive Rebalancing Dates, lasting the Number of 
Rebalancing Days. 
Rebalancing Trigger 
means further the use of an algorithm or a discretionary change of the Portfolio 
Advisor which may trigger a modification of the composition and/or the quantity or 
weights of the Dynamic Portfolio. Any other Rebalancing Trigger could be specified 
into the Specific Methodology.  
Rebalancing Trigger Date 
means the date on which the Rebalancing Trigger occurs. It would usually refer to 
the date of the algorithm execution or to the date of the execution of a composition 
change requested by the Portfolio Advisor as the case may be. 
Reference Market  
means the principal market or quotation system on which the relevant Portfolio 
Components are traded and which offers the greatest liquidity of such Portfolio 
Components, or any successor or replacement market or quotation system. 
 
Reinvestment Fees 
refers to the fees applicable to the reinvestment amount of income and profits and as 
specified into the Specific Methodology. 
 
Replication Fees 
refers to the fees applicable to the Exane Proprietary Index used as portfolio 
Component and as specified into the Specific Methodology.

--- Page 382 ---
382 
 
Rolling Future Exane  
Proprietary  
Index Execution Price  
means, in case of an intraday execution of a rolling futures Exane Proprietary Index 
(total or partial unwind, new or increase of the exposure), the price of the rolling 
futures Exane Proprietary Index duly confirmed by e-mail by the Portfolio Advisor 
and that may differ from the indicative price provided by the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent 
 
Scheduled Trading Day  
means any day on which the Portfolio Sponsor is scheduled to publish the official 
level of the Dynamic Portfolio pursuant to its rules and 
 
(i) any day on which the Reference Market and the related exchange (if any) of an 
Equity Instrument, a Debt Security Instrument, a Listed Option Instrument or an 
Index Instrument (for mono-exchange index only), as the case may be, are scheduled 
to be open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(ii) any day on which the Reference Market of a Futures Contract Instrument is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(iii) any day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for multi-exchange index 
only) is scheduled to publish the level of the Index Instrument and the related 
exchange is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session; 
and/or 
 
(iv) any day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for Proprietary Index 
only) is scheduled to publish the level of the Index Instrument. 
Settlement Cycle  
means the period expressed as a number of Equity Instrument Clearing System 
Business Days following a transaction on the Equity Instrument on the Reference 
Market in respect of which settlement will normally take place within the rules of 
such Reference Market. 
Portfolio Sponsor 
refers to Exane Derivatives or any other entity whose role is to: (a) set and revise the 
rules and procedures, the calculation methods and any related adjustments to the 
Dynamic Portfolio; and (b) to publish (directly or through the intermediary of an 
agent) the level of the Dynamic Portfolio on a regular basis during each Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
Substitute Debt Instrument  
means a debt security instrument (i) which is not the Debt Security Instrument of the 
Dynamic Portfolio and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent, similar characteristics to those of the excluded Debt Security Instrument 
(business sector, currency, rating, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other 
pertinent parameter in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Dynamic Portfolio  
 
Instrument 
means a dynamic portfolio (i) which is not the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument of the 
Dynamic Portfolio and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent, similar characteristics to those of the excluded Dynamic Portfolio Instrument 
(asset class, strategy or objectives as the case may be, or any other pertinent 
parameter in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Equity Instrument  
means an equity instrument (i) which is not the Equity Instrument of the relevant 
Dynamic Portfolio and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Equity Instrument (sector of activity, 
currency, market capitalisation, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other 
pertinent feature in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Futures Contract  
Instrument  
means a futures contract instrument (i) which is not the original Futures Contract 
Instrument of the Dynamic Portfolio and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Futures

--- Page 383 ---
383 
 
Contract Instrument (underlying, currency, maturity, liquidity of hedging 
instruments or any other pertinent feature, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent). 
Substitute Fund Instrument  
means a fund instrument (i) which is not a Fund Instrument of the relevant Dynamic 
Portfolio, (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Dynamic Portfolio Calculating Agent, 
similar features to those of the excluded Fund Instrument (classification, 
management objective, investment guidelines or any other relevant parameter in the 
opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent) and (iii) whose method of determination 
and frequency of Net Asset Value calculation is deemed satisfactory by the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent. 
 
Substitute FX Instrument 
means a foreign exchange instrument (i) which is not the FX Instrument of the 
Dynamic Portfolio and (ii) which, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, 
has similar characteristics to those of the excluded FX Instrument. 
 
Substitute Index Instrument 
means an index instrument (i) which is not the Index Instrument of the Dynamic 
Portfolio and (ii) which, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, has 
similar characteristics to those of the excluded Index Instrument (geographical zone, 
business sector, currency, liquidity of futures and/or options contracts used for 
hedging, dividend calculation methodology or any other relevant parameter in the 
opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Listed Option 
Instrument  
means a listed option instrument (i) which is not the original Listed Option 
Instrument of the Dynamic Portfolio and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Listed Option 
Instrument (underlying, currency, maturity, liquidity of hedging instruments or any 
other pertinent feature, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent). 
 
Substitution 
means the cessation by the Portfolio Calculation Agent of the indexation of the 
Dynamic Portfolio to the Equity Instrument, the Index Instrument, the Fund 
Instrument, the Futures Contract Instrument, the Listed Option Instrument, the Debt 
Security Instrument, the FX Instrument or the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument as the 
case may be, and its replacement by, respectively, a Substitute Equity Instrument, a 
Substitute Index Instrument, a Substitute Fund Instrument, a Substitute Futures 
Contract Instrument, a Substitute Listed Option Instrument, a Substitute Debt 
Security Instrument, a Substitute FX Instrument or a Substitute Dynamic Portfolio 
Instrument as the case may be or, in the case the Dynamic Portfolio includes several 
Portfolio Components as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent (alternately 
to the ability of the Portfolio Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the 
affected Portfolio Component), the crystallization at the fair market value of the 
relevant Equity Instrument, the Index Instrument, the Fund Instrument, the Futures 
Contract Instrument, the Listed Option Instrument or the Debt Security Instrument, 
as the case may be on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Technical Committee 
refers to a technical committee of the Portfolio Sponsor that meets when an 
extraordinary event occurs and affects a Portfolio Component or as the case may be 
the Dynamic Portfolio to determine if the Portfolio Component or Dynamic 
Portfolio continue to fulfill the objective of the relevant Dynamic Portfolio and the 
consequences of such event. 
Technical Committee Meeting 
refers to a meeting of the Technical Committee convened following an extraordinary 
event not listed into the Methodologies that affects a Portfolio Component or the 
determination or the calculation of the Dynamic Portfolio. To prevent any conflict of 
interest, the Technical Committee shall base any decisions only in the interest of the 
smooth running of the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
TARGET 2 Business Day 
refers to a day when the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System known as TARGET 2 or any successor system is 
operating.

--- Page 384 ---
384 
 
 
Underlying Equity Instrument 
means the share issued by the Company to which the Depository Receipt is linked, 
as determined in good faith by the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
 
 
 
2. 
Construction, Selection of Portfolio Components and Calculation Rules of the Dynamic Portfolios 
 
The strategy, if applicable of the Dynamic Portfolios will be described in the relevant Specific Methodology, since they 
are specific to each Dynamic Portfolio. 
Unless stated otherwise into the Specific Methodology, the Dynamic Portfolios shall be able to be investible. 
The Dynamic Portfolio may be composed of different type of Portfolio Components as specified into the relevant 
Specific Methodology, 
To be present within the Dynamic Portfolio, a Portfolio Component must comply with the following Technical 
Eligibility Criteria, unless stated otherwise into the Specific Methodology  
General Criteria for all Portfolio Component 
- be in an admissible quote currency as mentioned in the Appendix X of the General Methodology (“Admissible Quote 
Currencies”) 
- not be identified as being subject to an Embargo according to the lists provided by Exane Compliance, and, where 
relevant (stated in the Specific Methodologies), not on the applicable Corporate and Social Responsibilities (“CSR”) 
Exclusion lists. 
Additional Specific Criteria 
- if it is an Equity Instrument: 
 
▪ 
 it has a daily liquidity greater than EUR 1 million equivalent  
 
 
- if it is a Debt Security Instrument: 
▪ 
The issue size is at least equal to EUR 300 million equivalent for bonds and EUR 150 million equivalent for 
convertible bonds; 
▪ 
 
▪ 
the country of the issuer (Bloomberg field CNTRY_OF_CORPORTATION, DX650) is member of the OECD; 
▪ 
the bond is eligible for Euroclear settlement/delivery in its nominal currency; 
▪ 
the BVAL bid-ask spread is at least lower than 3% (could be revised). 
 
- if it is aFund Instrument: 
▪ 
European registration and subject to European regulation; 
▪ 
preferably UCITS with daily liquidity; 
▪ 
liquidity at least weekly; 
▪ 
AUM ≥ 100 million EUR equivalent; 
▪ 
existing for more than 1 year; 
▪ 
subject to a Exane Derivatives’ holding ratio limited to 20%; 
▪ 
open to new investment from Exane Derivatives; 
▪ 
preferably without entry nor exit fee; 
▪ 
share class preferably institutional; 
▪ 
currency of the fund share class in an admissible quote currency as per Appendix X; 
▪ 
compatible with regulatory constraints; 
▪ 
NAV published on Bloomberg. 
And in any case any Fund Instrument shall be duly approved by the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
 
Any other Technical Eligibility Criteria on these Portfolio Components or on any other Portfolio Component shall be 
specified into the Specific Methodology. 
Selection, composition and eligibility rules that are specific to each Dynamic Portfolio, are detailed in the applicable 
Specific Methodology.

--- Page 385 ---
385 
 
3. 
Governance Rules 
3.1. 
The Technical Committee 
3.1.1 Role of the Technical Committee 
The role of the Technical Committee is to determine if, in case of the occurrence of an event, the Portfolio 
Component or Dynamic Portfolio continue to fulfill the objective of the relevant Dynamic Portfolio and the 
consequences of such event.  
Each decision by the Technical Committee will be recorded in minutes published on the internet site 
www.exane.com/exaneindex .9 
3.1.2 Meetings of the Technical Committee 
Meetings are held to ensure appropriate action in case of an event not contemplated in the General Methodology 
or the Specific Methodology of a particular Dynamic Portfolio. Its role is detailed in each Specific Methodology. 
3.1.3 List of the Technical Committee members 
Members 
Substitute Members 
Function 
André-Georges Amadieu 
Céline Ma 
Structuring 
Denis Cauchard 
 Leopold Holtzapffel 
Calculation Agent 
3.2. 
The Operational Committee 
The Operational Committee, consisting of members representing structuring, legal, risk and compliance 
departments of the Portfolio Sponsor, is in charge of reviewing at least annually the definition and method of 
determination of the Dynamic Portfolio and to review any modification, error management, adjustment or 
market disruption event which is not provided for in the Methodology of the Dynamic Portfolio and 
implemented by the Technical Committee. 
3.3. 
The Supervision Committee 
The Supervision Committee consisting of members representing the top management of the structuring, legal, 
risk, compliance departments of the Portfolio Sponsor that meets at least each semester a year to control that all 
the process applicable have been correctly implemented.  
4. 
Composition of the Dynamic Portfolios 
The Dynamic Portfolios may consist of any type of Portfolio Components representing a long and/or a short position: 
an Equity Instrument, a Fund Instrument, an Index Instrument, a Futures Contract Instrument, a Listed Option 
Instrument, FX Instrument, OTC Derivatives Instrument or a Debt Security Instrument, a Dynamic Portfolio Instrument 
or of any Constant. 
5. 
Publication and communication of the Dynamic Portfolios 
All available information on the Dynamic Portfolios (the General Methodology, the Specific Methodologies, historical 
prices, the composition of the Dynamic Portfolios and the prices of Portfolio Components) can be found on the internet 
web site www.exane.com/exaneindex.10 
Any other form of publication or communication is specified in the Specific Methodology. 
6. 
Calculation of and adjustments to the Dynamic Portfolios 
The calculation principles of the Dynamic Portfolios are described in each applicable Specific Methodology. 
The performances of the Dynamic Portfolios are calculated on a daily basis and reflect the quantity or weightings of the 
Portfolio Components, their respective daily return the currency overlay and their costs. 
 
9 The website gives an unlimited access to the content and is free of charge. 
10 The website gives an unlimited access to the content and is free of charge.

--- Page 386 ---
386 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology, the calculation of the Dynamic Portfolios will take place 
according to the conditions described in Appendix 1 “Calculation Method of the Dynamic Portfolios”.  
Unless otherwise specified in the Specific Methodology, the occurrence of an event affecting a Dynamic Portfolio, the 
adjustments of that Dynamic Portfolio will be made in accordance with the methods described in Appendix 2 
“Adjustments to the Dynamic Portfolios”.  
The Portfolio Sponsor reserves the right to terminate at any time the mandate of the Portfolio Calculation Agent. Any 
such determination shall be deemed not to constitute an Adjustment Event.  
The application, by the Portfolio Calculation Agent or of the Technical Committee of the Calculation Method of the 
Dynamic Portfolio as described into the Specific Methodology is final and biding. The Calculation Agent, the Technical 
Committee or the Operational Committee, as the case may be will make any adjustment to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the relevant Dynamic Portfolio. 
However, the Portfolio Sponsor cannot guarantee that no changes in circumstances associated with movements in the 
markets or with legal, regulatory, fiscal changes or other circumstances will occur. As a result, the Portfolio Sponsor 
cannot guarantee that no amendments to or changes in the Dynamic Portfolio Methodology will take place. If the 
Portfolio Sponsor determines that any such amendment or change is necessary, then the Portfolio Sponsor will use 
reasonable efforts to ensure that such amendment or change is materialized in a methodology that complies as much as 
possible with such Dynamic Portfolio methodology and with the objective of the Dynamic Portfolio. 
In case of any such amendment or change, the Portfolio Sponsor will publish a notification on the Dynamic Portfolios 
website, informing of the implementation of such amendment or change.

--- Page 387 ---
387 
 
Appendix 1 “Value and Calculation Method of the Dynamic Portfolios” 
 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology the Dynamic Portfolio is daily calculated using one of the 
following formula and as explained below: 
 
(A) On each Calculation Date, the Dynamic Portfolio will be valued by multiplying the quantity of each Component by 
its Reference Price converted in the Base Currency. For the purpose of the calculation of a Dynamic Portfolio and 
except otherwise specified in Specific Methodology, all Portfolio Fees as determined in the Specific methodology are 
applied to the Monetary Indices Component.  
 
The quantity of each Component may change and be modified further to: 
(i) 
a request from the Portfolio Advisor, duly accepted by the Calculation Agent and if achievable on the 
market in a commercially reasonable manner. In this case, the quantity of the monetary indices will be 
adjusted to reflect the transactions that the Calculation Agent has to execute accordingly during the 
Calculation Date considering the Execution Prices or  
 
(ii) 
the receipt by the Portfolio Sponsor of an order relating to any buy or sell of structured products indexed 
to the relevant Dynamic Portfolio and duly agreed with the Portfolio Advisor  
In this case, the quantity of the monetary indices will be adjusted to reflect the transactions that the 
Calculation Agent has to execute accordingly during the Calculation Date considering the price of the 
relevant structured products  
And the applicable Portfolio Fees such as defined in the Specific Methodology. The amount of income and profits (after 
potential withholding tax) duly received in relation to the different Portfolio Components may be reinvested in 
accordance with the Specific Methodology. 
 
(B) On each Calculation Date, the Dynamic Portfolio will be valued , using the following formula: 
 
𝑷𝒐𝒓𝒕𝒇𝒐𝒍𝒊𝒐 (𝒕) = (∑𝒒𝒊
𝑵
𝒊=𝟏
× 𝑨𝒄𝒕𝒊(𝒕)) × (𝟏−𝑭
𝑩)
𝒏(𝒕)
 
where: 
N  
=  
number of Portfolio Components on Calculation Date t 
Portfolio(t) 
= 
level of the Dynamic Portfolio on Calculation Date t, expressed in the Base Currency 
qi  
= 
quantity of the Portfolio Component(i) 
Acti(t)  = 
Reference Price of the Portfolio Component(i) on Calculation Date t, expressed in the Base Currency 
F 
= 
Portfolio Fees, equal to the percentage defined in the Specific Methodology 
n(t) 
= 
number of calendar or working days, as specified in the Specific Methodology, between the Creation 
Date of the Dynamic Portfolio and Calculation Date t 
B 
= 
total number of calendar or working days per year, as specified in the Specific Methodology 
 
1. 
Number of Portfolio Components of the Dynamic Portfolio “N” 
 
The number of Portfolio Components is determined by the Rebalancing Trigger. Any minimum number will be 
specified in the Specific Methodology. 
2. 
Reference Prices of Portfolio Components 
 
In order to determine if an Exchange Business Day is a Calculation Date for a relevant Dynamic Portfolio, the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent shall obtain more than seventy-five per cent (75%) of the Reference Prices of 
Portfolio Components by determining the Reference Price of each Portfolio Component by using the prices, 
quotes, level or other it obtained through the process explained hereafter. Generally speaking, a Portfolio

--- Page 388 ---
388 
 
Component will have for an Exchange Business Day only one Reference Price that the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent will save in a database. If, for a relevant Exchange Business Day, the Portfolio Calculation Agent obtains 
more than seventy-five per cent (75%) of the Reference Prices of Portfolio Components but, amongst the last 
twenty-five per cent, some of the Portfolio Component does not have a Reference Price for such Exchange 
Business Day, therefore it will take into account the Reference Price for such Portfolio Component on the last 
Calculation Date. 
For technical and administrative reasons, Reference Price of Portfolio Components for a relevant Exchange 
Business Day may have to be retrieved on a following Exchange Business Day. 
Foreign exchange rate applicable to the Reference Price: the Reference Prices are expressed in the Base 
Currency. For the purpose of the calculation of the Dynamic Portfolio with Portfolio Components that are 
denominated in a currency other than the Base Currency, the applicable foreign exchange rate used for this 
conversion is the spot exchange rate against the Base Currency or determined using the observable spot 
exchange rates, which can be found at the end of each Exchange Business Day on Bloomberg page WMCO 
Curncy (on or about 5:00 p.m. Paris time). The USD pivot rate shall be used for any determination of a foreign 
exchange rate between two other currencies than USD, provided that such foreign exchange rate is not a Euro 
foreign exchange rate as published by the European Central Bank. 
2.1. 
Reference Price of Equity Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of an Equity Instrument is the official closing price on the Reference Market of this Equity 
Instrument on any Exchange Business Day. 
2.2. 
Reference Price of Index Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of an Index Instrument is the official level on the Reference Market of the Index Instrument 
(for a mono exchange index only) or the official level published by its Sponsor (for a multi exchange index or a 
Proprietary Index). 
2.3. 
Reference Price of Fund Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Fund Instrument is the official net asset value as calculated and/or published by the 
Fund Service Provider on an Exchange Business Day and available on Bloomberg. The Portfolio Calculation 
Agent will be able to adjust the net asset value of the Fund Instrument to reflect, without duplication, the portion 
ascribable to the Fund Instrument of all costs, charges, taxes or levies payable and/or incurred through the 
subscription or redemption of the Fund Instrument. 
2.4. 
Reference Price of Futures Contract Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Futures Contract Instrument is the clearing official price on any Exchange Business 
Day on the relevant Reference Market of this Futures Contract Instrument.  
2.5. 
Reference Price of Debt Security Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument includes accrued interest. 
The Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument is determined as follows. 
2.5.1. Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument which is not a convertible bond 
 
Subject to clause 2.5.3 below, the Reference Price of Debt Security Instruments is established by the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to the corresponding Bloomberg HP calculation page. 
The source used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest BGN source available. If such source is not 
available the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall establish the Reference Price with reference to the corresponding 
Bloomberg HP Page (Historical Price- Source BVAL). The contributor used for each Debt Security Instrument is 
the latest BVAL available. If none of the BGN source and the BVAL source is available, the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the Reference Price of the Debt Security Instrument. For Debt

--- Page 389 ---
389 
 
Security Instruments whose quotation price excludes accrued interest, accrued coupons are reintegrated to 
calculate the Reference Price. 
 
2.5.2. Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument which is a convertible bond 
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent may use one of the following methods to determine the Reference Price of Debt 
Security Instrument which is a convertible bond. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Specific 
Methodology, the default method is the Combined Method. 
The available spreads (bid/ask) on a Calculation Date from a list of 17 market makers (listed in Appendix Z) are 
recorded at 5.35 p.m. (Paris time) on Bloomberg. Then, for each price spread, the corresponding mid prices are 
calculated from bid/ask prices. Once the mean and standard deviation of market makers’ mid prices are 
determined, the Portfolio Calculation Agent strips out prices outside the [mean -0.8 standard deviation; mean + 
0.8 standard deviation] interval to calculate the new mid-price average of the remaining market makers. The new 
mean becomes the Reference Price (the “Market Makers Method”). For the avoidance of doubt, if only two 
price spreads are available then they are systematically retained to calculate the average mid-price, and if only 
one price spread is available then the corresponding mid-price becomes the Reference Price. 
The Reference Price is established by the Portfolio Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to 
the corresponding Bloomberg HP calculation page. The source used for each Debt Security Instrument is the 
latest BGN source available. (the “BGN Method”) 
The Reference Price is established by the Portfolio Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to 
the corresponding Bloomberg ALLQ page. The contributor used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest 
CBBT available. (the “CBBT Method”). 
The Reference Price is established by the Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris Time) with reference to the 
corresponding Bloomberg HP Page (Historical Price- Source BVAL). The contributor used for each Debt 
Security Instrument is the latest BVAL available. (the “BVAL Method”). 
The Reference Price is established by the Portfolio Calculation Agent using the “Combined Method”: 
• 
. If the price obtained using the BGN Method is available: 
o 
If the price obtained using the Market Makers Method is based on less than 3 market makers’ 
prices before the exclusion of prices outside the interval, then the price obtained using the 
BGN Method becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BGN Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BGN 
Method is strictly lower than 0.10%, then the price obtained using the Market Makers Method 
becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BGN Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BGN 
Method is strictly lower than 0.75%, then the mean between the price obtained using the BGN 
Method and the price obtained using the Market Makers Method becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Otherwise, the price obtained using the BGN Method becomes the Reference Price. 
• 
If the price obtained using the BGN Method is not available and the price obtained using the BVAL 
Method is available: 
o 
If the price obtained using the Market Makers Method is based on less than 3 market makers’ 
prices before the exclusion of prices outside the interval, then the price obtained using the 
BVAL Method becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BVAL Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BVAL 
Method is strictly lower than 0.10%, then the price obtained using the Market Makers Method 
becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BVAL Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BVAL 
Method is strictly lower than 0.75%, then the mean between the price obtained using the

--- Page 390 ---
390 
 
BVAL Method and the price obtained using the Market Makers Method becomes the 
Reference Price. 
o 
Otherwise, the price obtained using the BVAL Method becomes the Reference Price. 
• 
If both the price obtained using the BGN Method and the price obtained using the BVAL Method are 
not available, then the price obtained using the Market Makers Method becomes the Reference Price. 
For convertible bonds listed ex-coupon, accrued interest is added back to calculate the Reference Price. 
2.5.3. Alternative Reference Price of Debt Security Instruments 
By derogation to the above, the Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument which enters or exits from the 
composition of the Dynamic Portfolio may be determined alternatively by the Technical Committee if at least 
one of the following conditions is met on each Calculation Date on which the relevant Debt Security Instrument 
enters or exits: 
- 
the spread (bid/ask) established by the Portfolio Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris Time) with reference 
to the corresponding Bloomberg HP Page (Historical Price) is greater than or equal to 2%. The contributor 
used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest BVAL source available or the latest BGN source 
available; 
- 
the Reference Price of the Debt Security Instrument or the official closing price on the Reference Market of 
the underlying share if the Debt Security Instrument is a convertible bond has increased or decreased by 
more than 10% over the 5 previous Exchange Business Days; 
- 
the Technical Committee has determined in good faith that the Reference Price of the Debt Security 
Instrument does not reflect its actual market value due to exceptional market conditions, including but not 
limited to, a Market Disruption Event, a corporate action or a trading suspension affecting the Debt Security 
Instrument or the underlying share if the Debt Security Instrument is a convertible bond. 
The alternative Reference Price will be determined by the Technical Committee using the following method: 
- 
3 counterparties will be asked for a firm bid and/or ask price on the Debt Security Instrument; and 
- 
the best firm bid and/or ask price will be used as the Reference Price and no Rebalancing Cost will be 
applied. 
2.6. 
Reference Price of Listed Option Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Listed Option Instrument is the clearing official price on any Exchange Business Day 
on the relevant Reference Market of this Listed Option Instrument. If there is no clearing official price, the 
Reference Price of Listed Option Instruments will be defined in the Specific Methodology of the Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
Ask Price means the Exchange’s closing ask price. 
Bid Price means the Exchange’s closing bid price. 
Settlement Price means the official settlement price (as described under the rules of the relevant Exchange or its 
clearing house) published by the relevant Exchange or its clearing house. 
 
3. 
Market Disruption Events 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs on a Calculation Date (a Disrupted Day), then the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent shall not calculate the level of the Dynamic Portfolio on such Calculation Date. For this purpose, a Market 
Disruption Event means the occurrence of a Portfolio Component Event, as defined hereafter, which affects at 
least twenty five per cent (25 %) of the Portfolio Components. 
If any relevant Calculation Date is a Disrupted Day for an Dynamic Portfolio, then the next Calculation Date 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such 
Dynamic Portfolio, unless each of the eight Scheduled Calculation Dates immediately following this initial 
Disrupted Day is a Disrupted Day (i.e. the Portfolio Component Event continues to affect at least twenty five per 
cent (25 %) of the Portfolio Components).

--- Page 391 ---
391 
 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Calculation Date notwithstanding 
that such day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the level 
of such Dynamic Portfolio on such eighth Disrupted Day, in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating such Dynamic Portfolio last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
traded or quoted prices on that eighth Disrupted Day of each Portfolio Component as described in the paragraph 
2 here above (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Portfolio 
Component on that eighth Disrupted Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Portfolio 
Component on that eighth Disrupted Day). 
Portfolio Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Equity Instruments, the occurrence of an Equity Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Equity Instruments; and 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Fund Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund 
Instruments; and 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Index Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments; 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Futures Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or 
more of such Futures Contract Instruments;  
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Debt Security Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Debt Security Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Listed Option Instruments, the occurrence of a Listed Option Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Listed Option Instruments. 
- 
. in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
OTC Derivatives Instruments, the occurrence of OTC Derivatives Disruption Event affecting one or more 
of such OTC Derivatives Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
FX Instruments, the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event affecting one or more of such FX Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Dynamic Portfolio Instruments, the occurrence of a Dynamic Portfolio Disruption Event affecting one or 
more of such Dynamic Portfolio Instruments. 
 
Scheduled Calculation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Calculation Date. 
 
If a Market Disruption Event has been continuing after eight Exchange Business Day on an or several 
Portfolio Component(s), the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to (without limitation) 
(each, an Portfolio Disruption Remedy): 
- 
adjust any relevant terms of the Portfolio Rules in a manner that preserves the economic characteristics of 
the Dynamic Portfolio; or 
- 
continue the determination of the official level of the Dynamic Portfolio pursuant to the hereof provision 
for another maximum period of twenty Exchange Business Day; or 
- 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
Each Portfolio Disruption Remedy will be published as the paragraph 3 of the Appendix 1. 
 
3.1. 
Equity Market Disruption Event 
Equity Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines is material

--- Page 392 ---
392 
 
and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Calculation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
-  
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Reference Market or, as the 
case may be, the related exchange prior to its scheduled closing time, unless such early closing time has 
been announced by such Reference Market or by such related exchange at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Market or related 
exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the related exchange system for 
execution at the Calculation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
-  
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Equity Instruments on the relevant 
Reference Market, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to the relevant Equity Instrument on the related exchange. 
-  
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or, as the case may be, the related exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or 
Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Reference Market or relevant related exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to such Equity 
Instrument on the relevant Reference Market, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Equity 
Instrument on the relevant related exchange. 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date. If the relevant Reference Market closes prior to its scheduled closing time and the specified 
Calculation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Calculation Time shall 
be such actual closing time.  
 
3.2. 
Fund Market Disruption Event 
Fund Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, the occurrence or existence of (i) 
Valuation Disruption, (ii) a Settlement Disruption or (iii) a Liquidity Disruption, that the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines is material. Exceptionally, if an event occurs which constitutes both a Fund Disruption Event 
and an Event (as defined below) for such Fund Instrument, such event shall constitute an Event for such Fund 
Instrument and not a Fund Disruption Event. For the purpose thereof: 
- 
 Liquidity Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, any suspension, limitation or delay 
affecting the settlement of such Fund Instruments, whether in accordance with the provisions of the Fund 
Documents or for any other reason.  
-  
Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument on any date, failure by the Fund to pay the 
full amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the Settlement Proceeds due in respect of 
such Fund Instrument, as such amount should have been paid at the latest by such date in accordance with 
the Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision 
permitting the Fund to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Instruments). 
-  
Valuation Disruption means that: 
(a) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument is not determined and/or published by the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) in accordance with the provisions 
of the Fund Documents; 
(b) 
the determination and/or publication of the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument, in accordance 
with the Fund Documents, has/have been suspended; or

--- Page 393 ---
393 
 
(c) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider 
which generally determines such value) is incorrect or misrepresents the Net Asset Value of the 
Fund Instrument, in the reasonable opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date means, with respect to any Fund Instrument, the date on which the Fund 
(or its Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) is scheduled, in accordance with its Fund 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision permitting the Fund 
to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Instruments) to determine the Net Asset Value of such Fund Instrument for 
purposes of calculating the settlement proceeds to be paid to an investor who has submitted a valid notice by the 
required Fund Instrument settlement deadline for settlement of Fund Instrument, based on the value determined 
on such date. The Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date, relating to any Calculation Date, shall be the Scheduled 
Settlement Valuation Date occurring on such Calculation Date, or, if no Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date 
occurs on such Calculation Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date. 
Settlement Notification Date means, in respect of any Fund Instrument and Calculation Date, the latest date on 
which a Hypothetical Investor in such Fund Instrument would be authorised, pursuant to the Fund Documents, to 
submit a settlement notice by the required deadline for settlement on the Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date 
taking place on such Calculation Date, or, if no Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date occurs on such Calculation 
Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date. 
Settlement Proceeds means the proceeds, as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent, that would be paid 
by the Fund to a Hypothetical Investor whose Fund instruments are being redeemed on the relevant Settlement 
Valuation Date, provided that (1) all proceeds to be paid in property other than cash shall be valued by the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, and (2) if the Hypothetical Investor has the right to opt 
for payment of such settlement proceeds to be made either in cash or in property, the Hypothetical Investor shall 
be deemed to have opted for payment of such proceeds in cash. 
Settlement Valuation Date means, in respect of any Fund Instrument and any Scheduled Settlement Valuation 
Date, the date on which the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) 
determines the Net Asset Value of such Fund Instrument for purposes of calculating the settlement proceeds to 
be paid to a Hypothetical Investor who has submitted a valid settlement notice at the latest by the corresponding 
Settlement Notification Date. 
 
3.3. 
Index Market Disruption Event 
 
Index Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Index Instrument: 
- 
for an Index Instrument which is a multi-exchange index, the non-publication of the official closing level by its 
sponsor; 
- 
for an Index Instrument which is an Exane Index, the non-publication of the official closing level by its Sponsor 
or any Index Component Event; 
- 
for an Index Instrument which is a mono-exchange index, the Reference Market and/or related exchange fails to 
open for trading during its regular trading session. 
 
3.4. 
Futures Contract Market Disruption Event 
Futures Contract Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Futures Contract Instrument, the occurrence 
or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
determines, in each case, is material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the 
relevant Calculation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the purpose thereof: 
-  
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the relevant Reference Market prior 
to its scheduled closing time, unless such early closing time has been announced by such Reference 
Market at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Reference Market on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be

--- Page 394 ---
394 
 
entered into the Reference Market system for execution at the Calculation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
-  
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures Contract Instrument on the 
Reference Market. 
 
-  
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference Market or otherwise, in the 
relevant Futures Contract Instrument on the relevant Reference Market. 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date. If the relevant Reference Market closes prior to its scheduled closing time and the specified 
Calculation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Calculation Time shall 
be such actual closing time; 
 
3.5. 
Debt Security Market Disruption Event 
Debt Security Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Debt Security Instrument: 
(a) 
any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Reference Market or 
(b) 
any suspension or limitation on trading on listed options contracts or futures contracts relating to the 
Debt Security Instrument, which the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any 
time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Calculation Time,  
(c) 
any suspension of publication on the relevant screen page of the Debt Security Instrument or the 
unavailability of clean bid prices from at least two market participants, or 
(d) 
any Debt Security Component Event 
 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date or (ii) for a Debt Security Instrument that is not traded on a Reference Market 16.00 CET. 
 
3.6. 
Listed Option Market Disruption Event 
Listed Option Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Listed Option Instrument the occurrence or 
existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) a Market Disruption, which the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines 
is material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Calculation Time, or 
(iii) an Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
-  
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Reference Market or, as the 
case may be, the related exchange prior to its scheduled closing time, unless such early closing time has 
been announced by such Reference Market or by such related exchange at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Market or related 
exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the related exchange system for 
execution at the Calculation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
-  
Market Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in

--- Page 395 ---
395 
 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Listed Option on the relevant 
Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in futures contracts or options contracts relating to Listed Options. 
-  
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or 
otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Market Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or otherwise, in such Listed Option on the relevant 
Exchange. 
 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date. If the relevant Reference Market closes prior to its scheduled closing time and the specified 
Calculation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Calculation Time shall 
be such actual closing time. 
3.7. 
FX Instrument Market Disruption Event 
 
FX Instrument Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of any of the following events (i) 
Price Source Unavailability, (ii) Liquidity Disruption or (iii) Dual Exchange Rate that the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines is material. Exceptionally, if an event occurs which constitutes both a Market Disruption Event 
and an Event for such Exchange Rate (as defined below), such event shall constitute an Event for such Exchange 
Rate and not a Market Disruption Event). 
Dual Exchange Rate means that a currency of the Exchange Rate is divided into a dual or multiple exchange 
rates.  
Liquidity Disruption means the occurrence of an event concerning a currency preventing the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent from determining the rate for such currency. 
Price Source Unavailability means that it has become impossible to obtain the rate used for calculation of the 
Settlement Price. 
 
3.8. 
OTC Instrument Market Disruption Event 
 
OTC Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Share 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Share Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Share Instruments; 
and 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Fund 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund Instruments; 
and 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Index 
Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments; 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Futures 
Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Futures Contract Instruments;  
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Debt Security 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Debt 
Security Instruments. 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Listed Option 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Listed Option Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Listed 
Option Instruments. 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more FX 
Instruments, the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event affecting one or more of such FX Instruments. 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Dynamic 
Portfolio Instruments, the occurrence of a Dynamic Portfolio Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Dynamic Portfolio Instruments.

--- Page 396 ---
396 
 
 
 
 
3.9. Dynamic Portfolio Instrument Market Disruption Event 
 
Dynamic Portfolio Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
- 
in respect of an Dynamic Portfolio Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more 
Share Instruments, the occurrence of a Share Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Share Instruments; and 
- 
in respect of an Dynamic Portfolio Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more 
Fund Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund 
Instruments; and 
- 
in respect of an Dynamic Portfolio Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more 
Index Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments; 
- 
in respect of an Dynamic Portfolio Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more 
Futures Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or 
more of such Futures Contract Instruments;  
- 
in respect of an Dynamic Portfolio Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more 
Debt Security Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Debt Security Instruments. 
- 
in respect of an Dynamic Portfolio Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more 
Listed Option Instruments, the occurrence of a Listed Option Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Listed Option Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio underlying include, without limitation, one or more FX 
Instruments, the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event affecting one or more of such FX Instruments. 
 
 
 
4. 
Quantity of Portfolio Components / Rebalancing mechanism 
4.1. 
General mechanism 
The quantity of each Portfolio Component will be modified following a Rebalancing Trigger or a reinvestment 
of income and profits if the Specific Methodology provides for such a reinvestment, and may also be modified 
following a Technical Committee Meeting, an Operational Committee Meeting or an Adjustment as described 
below. 
In case of a discretionary change requested by a Portfolio Advisor, the following Rebalancing mechanism shall 
be followed: 
On any Exchange Business Day the Portfolio Advisor may change the composition of the Portfolio Components 
and their quantity or Weightings via the following steps: 
Step 1: The Portfolio Advisor shall send an email in the form of the Appendix duly attached to the relevant 
Specific Methodology “Template of Request for a Change in Composition” to the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
before 12:00 am (Paris time).  
Step 2: The proposed composition shall be deemed valid on reception by the Portfolio Advisor of a confirmation 
transmitted by the Portfolio Calculation Agent by email the same day. 
The Portfolio Advisor shall expressly confirm its approval of the firm and indicative bid/ask prices duly 
proposed by the Portfolio Calculation Agent before any Rebalancing. 
Step 3: after notifying its acceptance to the Portfolio Advisor and except in cases of exceptional market 
conditions the Portfolio Calculation Agent will: 
- 
Determine the first Exchange Business Day tradable for all the Portfolio Components (the 
“Dynamic Portfolio Modification Day”) with respect to the applicable market of the 
Portfolio Components; 
- 
Determine the number of Exchange Business Days tradable for all the Portfolio Components 
over which the proposed modification will be implemented.

--- Page 397 ---
397 
 
- 
Implement the proposed modification on the applicable Reference Prices, Execution Prices, 
as the case may be, of the Portfolio Components on the Rebalancing Period. 
4.1.1. Rebalancing of Portfolio Components on each Rebalancing Date:  
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology the Rebalancing of the Dynamic Portfolio determined using one of 
the following formula and as explained below: 
 
A/ 
𝒒𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑨𝒄𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘= 𝑾𝒆𝒊𝒈𝒉𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑷𝒐𝒓𝒕𝒇𝒐𝒍𝒊𝒐(𝒕) 
 
qi,t New 
=  
quantity of the Portfolio Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Dynamic 
Portfolio 
Acti,tNew  
=  
Reference Price of the Portfolio Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the 
Dynamic Portfolio on Rebalancing Date t of the Dynamic Portfolio, expressed in the Base 
Currency 
Portfolio(t)  =  
level of the Dynamic Portfolio on Rebalancing Date t of the Dynamic Portfolio, expressed in 
the Base Currency 
Weighti,tNew =  
the new weight of each Portfolio Component(i) at Rebalancing Date t 
 
B_ 
 
𝒒𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑨𝒄𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× (𝟏−𝑭
𝑩)
𝒏(𝒕)
= 𝑾𝒆𝒊𝒈𝒉𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑷𝒐𝒓𝒕𝒇𝒐𝒍𝒊𝒐(𝒕) 
where: 
qi,t New 
=  
quantity of the Portfolio Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Dynamic 
Portfolio 
Acti,tNew  
=  
Reference Price of the Portfolio Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the 
Dynamic Portfolio on Rebalancing Date t of the Dynamic Portfolio, expressed in the Base 
Currency 
Portfolio(t)  =  
level of the Dynamic Portfolio on Rebalancing Date t of the Dynamic Portfolio, expressed in 
the Base Currency 
Weighti,tNew =  
the new weight of each Portfolio Component(i) at Rebalancing Date t 
F 
=  
Dynamic Portfolio Fees equal to the percentage defined in the Specific Methodology 
n(t) 
= 
number of calendar or working days, as stated in the Specific Methodology, between the 
Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio and Rebalancing Date t 
B 
= 
total number of calendar or working days per year, as stated in the Specific Methodology 
 
 
 
4.2. 
Mechanism specific to reinvestment of income and profits of a Portfolio Component 
 
If the Specific Methodology provides the reinvestment of income and profits (after potential withholding tax) of 
a Portfolio Component, they shall be reinvested in the main monetary Index (as listed into the Specific 
Methodology) converted in the Base Currency.

--- Page 398 ---
398 
 
As the case may be and as specified into the Specific Methodology, the Portfolio Advisor may request for the 
detachment in a whole or in part of the income and profits in the form of A coupon of a structured products 
indexed to the relevant Dynamic Portfolio. 
Each applicable Specific Methodology will specify any other specific mechanism of reinvestment income and 
profits of a Portfolio Component. 
 
4.3. 
Rebalancing Cost applicable to a Portfolio Component: 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology, the Rebalancing Cost applicable to a Dynamic Portfolio is 
determined using the following formula: 
 
a. 
Rebalancing Cost applicable to Equity Instrument, Debt Instrument, Fund Instrument and Futures Instrument 
 
Rebalancing Cost =Max[Floor ; ABS(Quantity New- Quantity Old)] x Execution Price x Rebalancing Cost Rate,  
 
 
b. Rebalancing Cost applicable to Listed Option Instrument 
 
Rebalancing Cost = Max[Floor ; ABS(Quantity New- Quantity Old)] x Strike Price x Rebalancing Cost Rate  
 
 
Where: 
 
ABS means absolute value; 
 
Rebalancing Cost Rate is as defined in the Specific Methodology;  
 
Strike Price refers to the strike of the Listed Option Instrument; and 
 
Floor is defined in the Specific Methodology.

--- Page 399 ---
399 
 
Appendix 2 “Adjustments of the Dynamic Portfolios following an Event” 
 
 
 
Events means each event as specified here above (including the “Increase in Costs”, for the avoidance of doubt). 
General provisions 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Dynamic Portfolio for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Dynamic Portfolio, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall notify the Portfolio Sponsor, as soon as reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, having made adjustments, modifications or cancellation as the case may be, to the terms of the Dynamic 
Portfolio in accordance with this Appendix 2.  
Increase in Costs 
If the Portfolio Sponsor incurs a materially increased (as compared with the circumstances existing on the Creation 
Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the rationale or functionality 
of the Dynamic Portfolio, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic 
Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) remove the relevant Portfolio Component, (b) implement 
Substitution of the relevant Portfolio Component, (c) adjust any relevant terms of the Portfolio Rules or (d) permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio.  
Each Event Remedy will be published as per the paragraph 3 of the Appendix 1. 
 
1. 
Adjustments of Equity Instruments 
The Events applicable to an Equity Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
 
1.1. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
In the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Portfolio Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
it becomes aware of such event, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Equity Instrument and,to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event 
Remedy) as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic continuity of the Dynamic Portfolio including: 
- adjust the new quantity or Weighting of Equity Instruments to which the Dynamic Portfolio henceforth relates, 
pursuant to the method applied by Stoxx (if applicable) or;  
- implement the Substitution of the affected Equity Instrument; and 
- If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
Each Event Remedy will be published as per the paragraph 3 of the Appendix 1. 
Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(1) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Equity Instrument (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Equity Instrument to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalization or similar issue; 
(2) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Equity Instrument of (A) such Equity 
Instrument, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Equity 
Instruments, or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights

--- Page 400 ---
400 
 
or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing 
market price as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent; 
(3) 
an extraordinary dividend which characterization of or portion thereof shall be determined by the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent; 
(4) 
a call by the Company in respect of relevant Equity Instrument that are not fully paid; 
(5) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Equity Instruments whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(6) 
in respect of the Company, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below 
their market value, as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as 
a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any settlement of such rights;  
(7) 
a distribution of reserves in cash or in listed shares held in the Company’s portfolio or a redemption of share 
capital; or 
(8) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Equity 
Instruments. 
 
1.2. 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer  
a. Definitions 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means any takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person (the Offeror) that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or 
having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 % and less than 100 % of the outstanding 
voting shares of the Company, as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Portfolio Calculation Agent deems relevant.  
Successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means a Cash/Exchange Tender Offer the results of which have been 
published by the relevant Reference Market authorities. 
Offer Period means the period from (and including) the date on which the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer is officially 
announced by the Offeror in whatever manner to the competent supervisory authorities in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction, up to (but excluding) the date of the Tender Offer Date.  
b. Consequences 
If an Offer Period commences, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may, having examined its characteristics and relevant 
practical arrangements, elect (a) to maintain the Equity Instrument or (b) replace it with the share issued by the Offeror. 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment during the Offer Period in accordance with the paragraph 
above and if the Company is the subject of a Successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer (the Tender Offer), the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio, including electing (each, an Event 
Remedy) to (a) maintain the Equity Instrument, (b) replace the Equity Instrument with New Equity Instrument, (c) 
implement Substitution of the Equity Instrument and (d) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such 
adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio.. 
 
1.3. 
Merger

--- Page 401 ---
401 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Merger means, in respect of any relevant Equity Instruments, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Equity Instruments that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Equity Instruments outstanding to another entity or person;  
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company with or into another entity or 
person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of all of such Equity 
Instruments outstanding); 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 % of the outstanding Equity Instruments of the Company that results in a 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Equity Instruments (other than such Equity 
Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company or its subsidiaries with or 
into another entity in which the Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Equity Instruments outstanding but results in the outstanding Equity 
Instruments (other than Equity Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to 
such event collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding Equity Instruments immediately 
following such event (a "Reverse Merger"),  
in each case if the Event Effective Date is on or before, the last occurring Calculation Date. 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
In the event that a Merger occurs in respect of an Equity Instrument, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide 
whether to adjust the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Equity Instruments 
with New Equity Instruments or (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (c) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.4. 
Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Company (Spin-off), the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall adjust the Dynamic Portfolio 
(an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Share with New Shares or (b) implement Substitution of the 
relevant Share. 
 
1.5. 
Nationalisation 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Nationalisation means that all the Equity Instruments or all or substantially all the assets of a Company are 
nationalized expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall adjust the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) if Nationalisation occurs in 
respect of an Equity Instrument, including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and

--- Page 402 ---
402 
 
(b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.6. 
 Insolvency  
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Company, (A) all the Equity Instruments of that Company are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Equity Instruments of that 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall adjust the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) 
implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument in the event of Insolvency and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
 
1.7. 
Change of Listing - compartment or Reference Market 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Change of Listing - compartment or Reference Market means that the Reference Market announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Reference Market, the Equity Instruments (A) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Reference Market for any reason (other than a Merger or Tender Offer), but are immediately re-listed, re-
traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Reference Market (or where 
the Reference Market is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) which is according to 
the Portfolio Calculation Agent similar to the original Reference Market or (B) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded 
or publicly quoted on the original compartment Reference Market for any reason (other than a Merger or Tender Offer), 
and are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on another compartment of the Reference Market. 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
In the event of a Change of Listing - compartment or Reference Market in respect of an Equity Instrument, the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall adjust the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement 
Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such 
adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.8. 
Delisting 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Delisting means that the Reference Market announces that pursuant to the rules of such Reference Market, the Equity 
Instruments cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Reference Market for any reason (other 
than a Merger or Tender Offer), and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as the Reference Market (or where the Reference Market is within the European 
Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
 
b. 
Consequences

--- Page 403 ---
403 
 
 
If a Delisting occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event 
Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.9. 
Correction of Reference Price of Equity Instrument 
 
If a Reference Price of Equity Instrument published on the Reference Market and used by the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of any calculation (the Initial Calculation) is subsequently corrected and if the correction (the 
Corrected Value) is published on the relevant Reference Market within one relevant Settlement Cycle following the 
Initial Calculation, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall notify the Corrected Value to the Sponsor as soon as 
reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant price of the Equity Instruments (the New Calculation) using 
the Corrected Value.  
If the result of the New Calculation is different than the result of the Initial Calculation, the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
shall decide whether to (an Event Remedy), to the extent that it deems necessary, (a) adjust the Dynamic Portfolio 
accordingly and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.10. Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under the Dynamic Portfolio (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position). 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall adjust the Dynamic Portfolio (Event Remedy) if a Change in Law occurs , 
including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
 
1.11. Insolvency Filing 
Insolvency Filing means that the Company institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall, if a Insolvency Filing occurs, decide whether to adjust the Dynamic Portfolio (an 
Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (b) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.12. Additional methods of adjustment for Depository Receipts

--- Page 404 ---
404 
 
a. If the Equity Instrument specified in the applicable Specific Methodology is an Underlying Share (Depository 
Receipt), the provisions of paragraph (1) above (Adjustment of Equity Instruments) shall apply, with references to 
Equity Instrument being replaced by references to the Underlying Share. 
b. If the Deposit Agreement is terminated, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust the Dynamic 
Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (b) 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.13. Additional methods of adjustment for ETFs 
If the Equity Instrument specified in the applicable Specific Methodology is an ETF unit, the following provisions shall 
apply. 
 
a. 
Adjustment of the ETF Underlying Index 
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio, if (i) the sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index materially amends the formula or method for 
calculating the ETF Underlying Index or makes any other material modification to the ETF Underlying Index (other 
than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain the ETF Underlying Index in the event 
of change to any of the shares comprised in the ETF Underlying Index, capitalisation or any other routine event), or (ii) 
the sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index fails to calculate and publish the ETF Underlying Index and no successor 
index using, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, a substantially similar formula and calculation method to 
that used for calculating the ETF Underlying Index is published, resulting in a material change to the price of the Equity 
Instrument. 
 
b. 
Change in Investment Policy  
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio, if the ETF Advisor of the Company makes or announces its intention to make a change to the 
investment objectives, risk profile or other investment guidelines of the Company, in any material respect, or makes any 
other substantial change to the terms and conditions of the Company, to the extent that the Equity Instruments cease, or 
are reasonably likely to cease, to replicate the ETF Underlying Index. 
 
c. 
 Liquidation 
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio, if due to the winding-up or voluntary or judicial liquidation of the ETF Administrator, the Equity Instruments 
have to be transferred to a manager, trustee, liquidator or other similar official, or the holders of the Equity Instruments 
are legally prohibited from transferring them. 
 
2. 
Adjustment applicable to Index Instruments 
2.1. 
Index Instruments  
The Events applicable to an Index Instrument are defined as follows and include:

--- Page 405 ---
405 
 
2.1.1 
Calculation and publication of an Index Instrument by a New Sponsor 
 
If an Index Instrument ceases to be calculated and/or published by the sponsor of such Index Instrument which exists on 
the Creation Date, but is calculated and/or published by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (the "New 
Sponsor"), the reference level of the Index Instrument shall be determined on the basis of the level of the Index 
Instrument as calculated and/or published by the New Sponsor. 
The name of the New Sponsor and the terms and conditions for the calculation and/or distribution of the Index 
Instrument shall be published as soon as possible. 
 
2.1.2 
Change in the calculation or replacement of an Index Instrument  
 
If, the sponsor or, if applicable, the New Sponsor of an Index Instrument announces that it will make a material change 
in the formula for or method of calculating that Index Instrument or in any other way materially modified that Index 
Instrument (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of 
changes in constituent stock and capitalization and other routine event), or if the Sponsor of such Index Instrument 
replaces by a successor index using, in the determination of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, the same or substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index Instrument, then in each case such 
new index must be used as the new Index Instrument of the Dynamic Portfolio, and the Portfolio Calculation Agent will 
be entitled for the purpose of performing its obligation, either to: 
(a) 
use the Index Instrument so calculated or replace the Index Instrument with the new index, as applicable, by 
multiplying it, if necessary, by a factor that ensures the continuity of the Index Instrument used as the 
underlying index for the Dynamic Portfolio; the Index Instrument so calculated or the new index, as applicable, 
as well as the factor, if necessary, shall be published as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
shall decide whether to make adjustments to any other terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the affected Index Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio.  
 
2.1.3 
Non-publication or cessation of calculation of an Index Instrument  
 
If, on the Calculation Date or an earlier date, the original sponsor (which exists on the Creation Date) or the New 
Sponsor fails to publish or definitively stops calculating the Index Instrument without providing a new Index 
Instrument, or if it is no longer possible to use the Index Instrument as a Portfolio Component of the Dynamic Portfolio, 
the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to make adjustments to any other terms of the Dynamic Portfolio 
(an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the affected Index Instrument and (b) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
2.1.4 
Change in Law 
 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under the Dynamic Portfolio (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position).

--- Page 406 ---
406 
 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust the other terms of the 
Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant index and (b) If 
the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
2.2. 
Additional adjustment for Index Instrument which is a Proprietary Index 
 
2.2.1 Publication of a Substitute Proprietary Index 
 
If a Proprietary Index (i) ceases to be calculated and published by the Index Calculation Agent of such Proprietary 
Index and/or ceases to be published by the sponsor of such Proprietary Index but is calculated by a replacement index 
calculation agent (the Replacement Index Calculation Agent) acceptable to the Portfolio Calculation Agent and/or is 
published by a replacement sponsor (the Replacement Sponsor) acceptable to the Portfolio Calculation Agent, or (ii) is 
replaced by a new proprietary index which uses, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula and calculation method as that used to calculate such Proprietary Index then, in each case, 
such substitute Proprietary Index (the Substitute Exane Index) shall be deemed to be the Proprietary Index. 
 
2.2.2 Modification and cessation of calculation of a Proprietary Index 
 
If the sponsor, or if applicable, the Replacement Sponsor of a relevant Proprietary Index, announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula or method of calculating that Proprietary Index or in any other way materially modified 
that Proprietary Index (other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain such 
Proprietary Index in the event of change to any of the index components comprised in the Proprietary Index, their 
capitalisation or any other routine event) (Proprietary Index Modification) or permanently cancels the Proprietary 
Index and no Substitute Proprietary Index exists (Proprietary Index Cancellation), then the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent shall decide whether to adjust any other terms of the Proprietary Index (an Event Remedy) by, in particular, (a) 
calculating the level of such Proprietary Index in accordance with the index rules in force prior to such modification or 
cancellation, but using only the index components immediately prior to such Proprietary Index Modification or 
Proprietary Index Cancellation, or (b) proceeding with Substitution of the Proprietary Index and (c) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio. 
2.2.3 Change of index advisor 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio, if (i) the index advisor of such Proprietary Index ceases to perform its functions and no satisfactory successor, 
in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, has been appointed to replace it within five (5) Exchange Business 
Days following such event, (ii) there is a change of control of the index advisor or (iii) the index advisor is no longer 
able, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, to perform its functions with the same care and attention as prior 
to the Creation Date, in particular due to a legal or regulatory decision or decision of a supervisory authority or is the 
subject of judicial reorganisation, liquidation or insolvency proceedings or, at any time, ceases to honour its debts or is 
the subject of a temporary or permanent withdrawal of its licence, or is the subject of disciplinary or administrative 
proceedings initiated by its supervisory authorities or acts in a fraudulent manner or any other event occurs which, in 
the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, has a material adverse effect on the Proprietary Index. 
 
2.2.4. Change in Law

--- Page 407 ---
407 
 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under the Index Instrument (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any other terms of the 
Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Proprietary 
Index and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it 
may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
3. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Fund Instruments 
The Events applicable to a Fund Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
3.1. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
In the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of 
the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) adjust the new quantity or Weighting of Fund 
Instrument to which each Dynamic Portfolio henceforth relates and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines 
that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
 means any of the following: 
(1). 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Instruments, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Instrument to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or 
similar issue; 
(2). 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Instrument of (A) an additional 
amount of such Fund Instrument, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Fund Instrument, or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type of 
securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than 
the prevailing market price as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent; 
(3). 
an extraordinary dividend which characterization of or portion thereof shall be determined by Dynamic 
Portfolio the Calculation Agent; 
(4). 
a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Instrument whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Instrument initiated by an investor in 
such Fund Documents that is consistent with the Fund Documents; or 
(5). 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund 
Instrument. 
3.2. 
Merger  
 
a. 
Definitions

--- Page 408 ---
408 
 
 
Merger means, in respect of any relevant Fund Instrument, any: 
(i) reclassification or change of such Fund Instrument that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Fund Instrument outstanding to another entity or person; 
(ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service 
Provider, as the context may require) with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding fund units exchange of all of such Fund Instrument outstanding); 
(iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase 
or otherwise obtain 100 % of the outstanding Fund Instrument of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as 
the context may require) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Fund Instruments 
(other than such Fund Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
(iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service 
Provider, as the context may require) or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Fund (or any 
applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require) is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Fund Instruments outstanding but results in the outstanding Fund Instruments 
(other than Fund Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50% of the outstanding Fund Instruments immediately following such event (a "Reverse 
Merger"). 
 
b. 
Consequences  
 
In the event that a Merger occurs in respect of a Fund Instrument, the Portfolio Calculation Agent decide whether to 
adjust the other terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Fund 
Instruments with New Fund Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and (c) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.3. 
Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Fund (a Spin-Off), the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Fund Instruments with New 
Fund Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and (c) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.4. 
Nationalization 
Nationalization means that all the Fund Instruments or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalized, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
In the event of Nationalization, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall c decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument 
and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.5. 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (i) all the Fund Instruments of that Fund are required to be

--- Page 409 ---
409 
 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally 
prohibited from transferring or redeeming them. 
In the event of Insolvency, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic 
Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and (b) 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.6. 
Fund Instrument Insolvency Event 
A Fund Instrument Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Instrument, which the related Fund (or any 
applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require): 
(i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; 
(iii) (A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction 
of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency lax or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (B) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (A) above and either (x) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for tis winding-up or liquidation or 
(y) is not dismissed, discharger, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen (15) days of the institution or 
representation thereof; 
(iv) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(v) has secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or nay such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case, 
within fifteen (15) days thereafter; or 
(vi) cause or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (v) through (vi) above. 
In the event of a Fund Instrument Insolvency Event, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) electing to implement Substitution of the relevant 
Fund Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.7. 
Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension  
Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension means that settlements and/or subscriptions in the Fund are suspended, 
postponed, reduced, subject to any threshold or other constraint or partially executed or the Fund is closed to 
subscriptions and settlements, for any reason, without having obtained the prior written consent of the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 410 ---
410 
 
If a Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust 
any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund 
Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.8. 
Subscription and/or Settlement Modification 
Subscription Settlement Modification means that (a) new subscription and/or settlement costs for a relevant Fund 
Instrument are introduced, (b) the notice period for Fund Instrument subscriptions and/or settlements is modified 
without having obtained the prior written consent of the Portfolio Calculation Agent or (c) the Fund modifies the terms 
and conditions at which subscription and/or settlement orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided in 
the Fund Documents as of the Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio or implements a modification of the conditions at 
which subscription and/or settlement orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless as to whether the 
principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Creation Date of the Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
If a Subscription and/or Settlement Modification occur(s), the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to 
adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant 
Fund Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.9. 
Fees Modification 
Fees Modification means that (i) the Fund applies subscription or settlement fees that are higher than the subscription 
fees and the redemption fees respectively, as specified in the applicable Fund Documents at the Creation Date or (ii) the 
Fund applies any other fees (including any transaction fees or administrative costs) which are not specified in the Fund 
Documents at the Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio. 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent may adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio, including implementing Substitution 
of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Fees Modification occurs. 
3.10. Fund Documents Modification 
Fund Documents Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents from those 
prevailing on the Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such 
Fund Instrument or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-end fund that 
becomes a closed-end fund) as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
If a Fund Documents Modifications occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of 
the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and 
(b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.11. Fund Service Provider Event 
Fund Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation or termination of any Fund Service Provider and no 
successor deemed satisfactory in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent has been appointed within five (5) 
Exchange Business Days following such event, (b) a change of control or indirect control of the Fund Service Provider, 
(c) any Fund Service Provider is no longer able in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent to execute its duties 
with the same level of care and diligence as of the Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio, in particular as a result of a 
legal, regulatory or supervisory decision, (d) any Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider 
Insolvency Event, where “Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event” has the same meaning as a Fund Insolvency Event 
described above, (e) any Fund Service Provider fails to meet its financial commitments at any time, (f) any Fund

--- Page 411 ---
411 
 
Service Provider is subject to temporary or definitive withdrawal of its license or to disciplinary or administrative 
proceedings from its supervisory authorities or acts fraudulently in relation to the Fund, (g) in the reasonable opinion of 
the Portfolio Calculation Agent, any Fund Service Provider is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the 
standard care which was prevailing on the Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio, (h) the resignation, termination, 
death or replacement of any key person in the management of the Fund has occurred or (i) any other event which may, 
in the view of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, have a material adverse effect on the Fund. 
If a Fund Service Provider Event occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and (b) 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.12. Net Asset Value Disruption 
Net Asset Value Disruption means that (a) the Fund does not determine its Net Asset Value in accordance with its 
Fund Documents (b) fails to publish its Net Asset Value in accordance with its Fund Documents or (c) fails to carry out 
any action necessary for such determination or publication.  
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Net Asset Value Disruption occurs and (b) 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.13. Fund Modification 
Fund Modification means (i) any failure by the Fund Adviser to act in accordance with the investment objectives, risk 
profile or investment guidelines of the Fund, (ii) the imposition by any regulatory body of any restriction limiting the 
ability of any Fund Service Provider to buy or sell shares or other assets, (iii) any limitation on the ability of any Fund 
Service Provider to buy or sell shares or other assets, for reasons relating to liquidity, unfavourable market conditions or 
decrease in the value of the Fund's assets, or (iv) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or 
affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of 
government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or 
affecting the Fund or any of its assets, where, in each case, the Portfolio Calculation Agent considers that such situation 
is unlikely to be remedied within a reasonable time. 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Fund Modification occurs and (b) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.14. Strategy Breach 
Strategy Breach means (1) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines specified in the relevant 
Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Instrument or risk profile of the Fund or the 
rights and remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent) (2) or, even 
where the Fund Documents are not modified, any material modification or effect, as determined by the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Creation Date of the Dynamic 
Portfolio or of the performance of the Fund by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or 
reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the 
assets of the Fund, which in each case does not necessarily involve an amendment of the Fund Documents. 
If a Strategy Breach occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic 
Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and (b) If the

--- Page 412 ---
412 
 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.15. Decrease of Assets Under Management 
Decrease of Assets Under Management means that the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that during the last 
twelve (12) month period, the total value of the assets managed by the Management Company or the Fund Adviser 
(including the Fund) has decreased by fifty per cent (50%) (due to either a settlement or decrease in the value of such 
assets). 
If a Decrease of Assets Under Management occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund 
Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.16. Regulatory Action 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Instrument: 
(i) 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund or its Fund Instrument by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund or its Fund Instrument;  
(ii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the Fund or its Fund Service Provider 
which is likely, in the reasonable opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, to have an adverse impact on the 
value of such Fund Instrument or on any investor in the relevant Fund; or  
(iii) 
the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service 
Provider. 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Regulatory Action occurs and (b) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.17. Breach of Related Contract(s) 
Breach of Related Contracts means that the Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service 
Provider (i) fails to perform or breaches its obligations under any contract relating to the management of the Fund or 
any other contract relating to such Fund (the Related Contracts), (ii) terminate the Related Contract(s) for reasons 
beyond the control of the Sponsor, (iii) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the 
validity of such Related Contract(s). The Related Contracts may include, among other, any agreement entered into by 
the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service Provider with the Sponsor. 
If a Breach of Related Contract(s) occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of 
the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and 
(b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.18. Know Your Fund Procedures

--- Page 413 ---
413 
 
Know Your Fund Procedures means that, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, the Fund does not 
comply, in full or in part, with the "know your fund" procedures (including in particular its obligations in respect of 
money-laundering and terrorism financing).  
If a Know Your Fund Procedures occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instruments and 
(b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.19. Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or 
new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that the 
Sponsor will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Dynamic Portfolio or the Related 
Contract(s) (as referred to in section (P) (Breach of Related Contracts) above) entered into by the Sponsor with the 
Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service Provider (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio 
(an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instruments and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.20. Reporting Disruption 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Instrument, (i) occurrence of any event affecting such Fund 
Instrument that, in the determination of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for 
the Portfolio Calculation Agent to determine the value of such Fund Instrument, and such event continues for at least 
the time period specified in the related Specific Methodology or, if no such time period is specified, the foreseeable 
future; (ii) any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) information that such Fund has agreed 
to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Portfolio Calculation Agent, or (B) information that has been previously 
delivered to the Portfolio Calculation Agent in accordance with such Funds, or its authorised representative’s, normal 
practice and that the Portfolio Calculation Agent deems necessary for it to monitor such Fund’s compliance with any 
investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund Instruments. 
If a Reporting Disruption occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane 
Inde (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and (b) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio if no other Event Remedy constitutes suitable remedy for such Event, as determined by 
the Technical Committee. 
3.21. Other events 
If any other event occurs and in the reasonable opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, affect the value or risk 
profile of the relevant Fund Instruments, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio 
(an Event Exane), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument, and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
4. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Futures Contract Instruments

--- Page 414 ---
414 
 
The Events applicable to a Futures Contract Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
4.1. 
Futures Contract Instruments listed by a third party 
If the Futures Contract Instrument is not listed by the Reference Market, but is listed by another person or party (the 
Third Party) who has been nominated by the Reference Market or any other competent market authority, the 
Reference Market shall be replaced by the Third Party.  
The same shall apply if the Third Party ceases to quote the price of the Futures Contract Instrument, but is replaced by 
another Third Party nominated as provided above.  
4.2. 
Modification of the specific terms, or replacement, of the Futures Contract Instrument 
If the Reference Market, the Third Party or the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument modifies, in any material 
respect, the formula or calculation method for the Futures Contract Instrument or makes any other material modification 
to the Futures Contract Instrument (other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to 
maintain the Futures Contract Instrument in the event of a change to the Futures Contract Underlying) or if the 
Reference Market, any other competent market authority or the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument replaces the 
Futures Contract Instrument with a new futures contract, such new Futures Contract Instrument to be used as the new 
underlying of the Dynamic Portfolio, the Portfolio Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
may replace the Futures Contract Instrument with the modified Futures Contract Instrument or with the new 
substitute futures contract (as the case may be) multiplying it, if necessary, by a factor that ensures continuity 
in the evolution of the underlying instrument of the Dynamic Portfolio. The new or amended Futures Contract 
Instrument (as the case may be) and, if necessary, the factor, shall be notified to the Sponsor by the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
shall decide whether to make adjustments to any other terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. Cessation of price quotations for the Futures Contract 
Instrument 
If the Reference Market or Third Party permanently ceases to quote prices for the Futures Contract Instrument and does 
not provide a new futures contract instrument, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to make 
adjustments to any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the 
relevant Futures Contract Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is 
impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio.  
4.3. 
Calculation and publication of the Futures Contract Instrument by a sponsor 
If the Futures Contract Instrument (i) is not calculated and published by the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument, 
but is calculated and published by a successor sponsor deemed acceptable by the Portfolio Calculation Agent, or (ii) is 
replaced by a successor contract which, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, utilises the same, or a 
substantially similar, formula and calculation method as those used to calculate the Futures Contract Instrument, such 
contract (the Successor Futures Contract Instrument) shall be deemed to be the Futures Contract Instrument, and the 
Appendix 2 shall be interpreted accordingly. 
4.4. 
Publication of the Reference Price of the Futures Contract Instrument 
If the Reference Market, or as the case may be, the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument fails to publish the 
Reference Price of the Futures Contract Instrument, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Futures 
Contract Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio.

--- Page 415 ---
415 
 
4.5. 
Change in Law  
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation, order, regulatory decision, any order of any regulatory or 
taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any 
change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Dynamic Portfolio (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic 
Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract 
Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio.  
 
5. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Debt Security Instruments 
5.1. 
Correction of the Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument  
If the Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument published by the relevant Reference Market or obtained by the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is corrected to a material extent after the Calculation Date, then the 
corrected price shall be deemed to be the Reference Price of the Debt Security Instrument applicable on the Calculation 
Date. 
5.2. 
Merger 
In the event that the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instrument) merges with, or is absorbed by, another issuer 
company (other than a merger of which the issuer Company is the surviving entity) (the Merger), the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to elect (an Event Remedy) to (a) replace the Debt Security Instruments with 
New Debt Security Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument and (b) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
5.3. 
Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instrument) (Spin-off), the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including to (a) replace 
the Debt Security Instruments with New Debt Security Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Debt 
Security Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
5.4. 
Insolvency, Restructuring and Deterioration of the Company 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio, (i) in the event of a Debt Security Instrument Bankruptcy, (ii) acceleration of the Debt Security Instrument, 
(iii) restructuring of the Debt Security Instrument, either by a reduction of the initially specified rate or amount of 
interest payable or accruing, a reduction in the amount of any premium or principal due at maturity or on the initially 
specified settlement dates, or any postponement of any date or dates on which it is provided (x) that an interest payment 
is to be made or interest begins to accrue or (y) that a repayment of principal or payment of any premium is to be made, 
or any lowering of the priority ranking or status of the Debt Security Instrument, or any change in the monetary unit in 
which repayments of principal or payments of interest must be made, or in their composition, or (iv) any material

--- Page 416 ---
416 
 
deterioration in the financial situation of the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instrument), in the opinion of the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent.  
5.5. 
Change to the Debt Security Instrument Nominal Value 
In the event of a change to the Debt Security Instrument Nominal Value, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide 
whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) including (a) adjust the new quantity or 
Weighting of Debt Security Instruments to which each Dynamic Portfolio henceforth relates and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio.  
For this purpose, Debt Security Instrument Nominal Value means the nominal value assigned to the Debt Security 
Instrument. 
5.6. 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer  
If an Offer Period commences, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may, having examined its characteristics and relevant 
practical arrangements, elect (a) to maintain the Debt Security Instrument, (b) replace it with the debt instrument issued 
by the Offeror and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment during the Offer Period in accordance with the paragraph 
below and if the Company is the subject of a successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer (the Tender Offer), the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) including (a) 
to maintain the Debt Security Instrument as an Portfolio Component, (b) replace the Debt Security Instrument with the 
Substitute Debt Security Instrument, (c) implement Substitution of the Debt Security Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio. 
For the purposes of this section (Cash/Exchange Tender Offer): 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means any acquisition offer made by one or more legal entities (or if applicable one or 
more individuals) (the Offeror) in respect of one or more Debt Security Instruments giving rights to share capital in the 
Company(ies) under the relevant national law, and for a fixed price. 
Offer Period means the period from (and including) the date on which the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer is officially 
announced by the Offeror in whatever manner to the competent supervisory authorities in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction, up to (but excluding) the date of the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer. 
5.7. 
Buy-Back Offer 
In the event of a buy-back offer by the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instruments) (the Buy-Back Offer), the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) 
including electing (an Event Remedy): 
(a) 
to maintain the relevant Debt Security Instrument as an Portfolio Component of the Dynamic Portfolio, or 
(b) 
to replace the relevant Debt Security Instrument with the debt instrument issued by the Company, or 
(c) 
to liquidate the relevant Debt Security Instruments, or 
(d) 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
5.8. 
Financial default

--- Page 417 ---
417 
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) 
including (a) proceeding with the Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio, (i) if a hypothetical investor in a Debt Security Instrument has not received all or any of the coupons 
and/or principal on the dates specified in the applicable Debt Security Instrument documentation in force on the 
Creation Date; or (ii) if an event occurs that may have the same consequences such as a restructuring, insolvency, 
repudiation or moratorium (Financial Default). 
 
5.9. 
Change in law 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio if, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any regulatory or taxation authority, or any regulation, rule or 
procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation 
authority), the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Dynamic Portfolio (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
 
6. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Listed Option Instruments 
6.1. 
Listed Option Instrument listed by a third party 
If the Listed Option Instrument is not listed by the Exchange, but is listed by another person or party which has been 
nominated by the Exchange or any other competent market authority (the Third Party), the Exchange shall be replaced 
by the Third Party.  
The same shall apply if the Third Party ceases to quote the price of the Listed Option Instrument, but is replaced by 
another Third Party nominated as provided above. 
6.2. 
Modification of the terms applicable to the Listed Option, or replacement, of the Listed Option 
If the Exchange or the Third Party substantially amends the terms applicable to the Listed Option or if the Exchange or 
the Third Party replaces the Listed Option with another listed option, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide 
whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including: 
(a) 
replacing the Listed Option Instrument with the amended Listed Option Instrument or by another listed 
option, as applicable and by applying, if necessary, an adjustment coefficient ensuring that the relevant Listed 
Option Instrument may continue to be used for the Dynamic Portfolio. The amended Listed Option 
Instrument or the other listed option, as the case may be, and, if necessary, the adjustment coefficient shall be 
notified as soon as possible to the Sponsor by the Portfolio Calculation Agent as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
implementing Substitution of the Listed Option; 
(c) 
permanently cancelling the Dynamic Portfolio. 
6.3. 
Cessation of price quotations on the Listed Option

--- Page 418 ---
418 
 
If the exchange or Third Party permanently ceases to quote prices for the Listed Option Instrument, the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including: 
(a) 
implementing Substitution of the Listed Option. 
(b) 
permanently cancelling the Dynamic Portfolio. 
6.4. 
Change in Law 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Listed Option Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio if, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any regulatory or taxation authority, or any regulation, rule or 
procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation 
authority), the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Dynamic Portfolio (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
 
7. Adjustment methods applicable to FX Instruments Instruments 
 
(a) Substitution of a domestic currency with another domestic currency  
In the event that an FX Instrument relates to a domestic currency that is replaced by another currency (the Substitute 
Currency), the Substitute Currency shall be used in place of the replaced domestic currency, using the fixed conversion 
rate between such domestic currency and the Substitute Currency, as established by the relevant authorities.  
(b) Currency of a Member State of the European Union participating in the third phase of economic and 
monetary union introduced on 1 January 1999  
In the event that an FX Instrument relates to a domestic currency that will be replaced by the euro due to participation 
of a Member State of the European Union in the third phase of economic and monetary union introduced on 1 January 
1999, the domestic currency shall be converted into euro using the fixed conversion rate between such domestic 
currency and the euro, as established by the Council of the European Union in accordance with article 123 (4) of the 
Treaty, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest one-hundredth of a euro (0.005 euro being rounded-up to the next 
highest one hundredth of a euro). 
(c) Cessation of publication of Exchange Rate 
If the Price Source permanently ceases to publish the FX Instrument and no Substitute FX Instrument is available, the 
Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant FX Instrument. 
(d) Change in Law 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event 
Remedy) including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevantFX Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio if, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any regulatory or taxation authority, or any 
regulation, rule or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxation authority), the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a

--- Page 419 ---
419 
 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Dynamic Portfolio (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
 
8. Adjustment methods applicable to OTC Derivatives Instruments 
 
In case of the occurrence of an event of default or a termination event as defined into the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement 
or 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) 
which cause the early termination of the OTC Derivatives Instrument, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide 
whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including:  
(a)  
replacing the OTC Derivatives Instrument with the amended OTC Derivatives Instrument or by another OTC 
Derivatives Instrument, as applicable and by applying, if necessary, an adjustment coefficient ensuring that 
the relevant Listed Option Instrument may continue to be used for the Dynamic Portfolio. The amended OTC 
Derivatives Instrument or the other OTC derivatives instrument, as the case may be, and, if necessary, the 
adjustment coefficient shall be notified as soon as possible to the Sponsor by the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
implementing Substitution of the OTC Derivatives Instrument; and 
(c) 
if the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio

--- Page 420 ---
420 
 
9. Adjustment methods applicable to Dynamic Portfolio Instruments 
 
(a) 
Modification and cessation of calculation of a Dynamic Portfolio Instrument 
If the Portfolio Sponsor of the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument announces that it will make a material change in the 
formula or method of calculating that Dynamic Portfolio Instrument or in any other way materially modified that 
Dynamic Portfolio Instrument (other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain 
such Dynamic Portfolio Instrument in the event of change to any of the Portfolio Components comprised in the 
Dynamic Portfolio Instrument, their capitalisation or any other routine event) (Portfolio Modification) or permanently 
cancels the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument (Portfolio Cancellation), then the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide 
whether to adjust any other terms of the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument (an Event Remedy)by, in particular, (a) 
calculating the level of such Dynamic Portfolio in accordance with the Dynamic Portfolio rules in force prior to such 
modification or cancellation, but using only the Portfolio Components immediately prior to such Portfolio Modification 
or Portfolio Cancellation, (b) proceeding with Substitution of the Proprietary Index and (c) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
(b) 
Change of Portfolio Advisor 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio, if (i) the Portfolio Advisor of the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument ceases to perform its functions and 
no satisfactory successor, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, has been appointed to replace it within five 
(5) Exchange Business Days following such event, (ii) there is a change of control of the Portfolio Advisor of the 
Dynamic Portfolio Instrument or (iii) the Portfolio Advisor of the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument is no longer able, in the 
opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, to perform its functions with the same care and attention as prior to the 
Creation Date, in particular due to a legal or regulatory decision or decision of a supervisory authority or is the subject 
of judicial reorganisation, liquidation or insolvency proceedings or, at any time, ceases to honour its debts or is the 
subject of a temporary or permanent withdrawal of its licence, or is the subject of disciplinary or administrative 
proceedings initiated by its supervisory authorities or acts in a fraudulent manner or any other event occurs which, in 
the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, has a material adverse effect on the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument. 
(c) 
Change in Law 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Dynamic Portfolio Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio if, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any regulatory or taxation authority, or any 
regulation, rule or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxation authority), the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position).

--- Page 421 ---
421 
 
APPENDIX 3 – FORM OF SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF DYNAMIC PORTFOLIOS 
 
 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF THE [●] DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO 
The methodology of the [●] Dynamic Portfolio is composed of a general methodology (the “General 
Methodology”) and of a specific methodology (the “Specific Methodology”) (together the “Methodology”). 
The General Methodology is available within the Base Prospectus on www.exane.com/exaneIssues. Any terms in 
uppercase not defined in this Specific Methodology shall have the meaning as given in the General Methodology. 
The Dynamic Portfolio has been jointly developed by Exane Derivatives (the “Portfolio Sponsor”) and [●] (the 
“Portfolio Advisor”). Exane Derivatives will act as calculation agent (the “Portfolio Calculation Agent”).  
Contact details for the Portfolio Sponsor, the Portfolio Advisor and the Portfolio Calculation Agent are set out 
below.For the Portfolio Advisor are as such: 
 
For the Portfolio Advisor: 
Name : [●] 
Email : [●] 
Telephone : [●] 
 
 
For the Portfolio Sponsor and the Portfolio Calculation Agent: 
Name: Andre-Georges Amadieu & Céline Ma  
Email: exane.flex@exane.com  
 
1. OBJECTIVE OF THE DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO AND SELECTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
COMPONENTS 
1.1 Objectives 
[The [●] Dynamic Portfolio is designed to provide an exposure to the equity markets using a dynamic basket of 
Equity Instruments (including shares and ETF) [and Proprietary Indices.]] [●] (If applicable, describe any 
additionnal objective, strategy, management style and/or investment sector of the Dynamic Portfolio)  
The [ISIN code / Bloomberg code] of the Dynamic Portfolio is [●]. 
The Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio is [●] with a value of [●].  
The Dynamic Portfolio is expressed in [●] (the Base Currency) and rounded to two decimals places. 
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the General Methodology. 
1.2 Selection of the portfolio components 
The Dynamic Portfolio is composed of:  
- Equity Instruments: [All ETFs and Shares related to the Dynamic Portfolio objectives and that have a daily 
liquidity greater than EUR 1 million (or equivalent) will be eligible.] [●] (If applicable, describe any additional 
criteria on the eligible Equity Instruments such as sectorial constraints, inclusion in an index, exclusion of  
certain instruments etc. ) 
[- Exane Proprietary Indices: All existing or future Exane Proprietary Indices related to the Dynamic Portfolio 
objectives will be eligible subject to approval by the Portfolio Calculation Agent, including equity indices and 
monetary indices.] (remove if not applicable) 
Liquidity is defined as the minimum of the average daily traded amount over the past month and the past six 
months according to Bloomberg for the most liquid venue and converted in USD.

--- Page 422 ---
422 
 
If needed, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may use the following Main Monetary Index depending on the 
currency applicable to the financial instruments linked to the Dynamic Portfolio: The relevant Exane Capitalized 
Monetary Index corresponding to the Base Currency. 
The initial composition of the Dynamic Portfolio is established by the Portfolio Advisor subject to the approval 
of the Portfolio Calculation Agent in charge to verify the initial composition is complying with  the 
Methodology. The initial composition is detailed into the terms and conditions of the relevant financial 
instruments indexed to the relevant Dynamic Portfolio. 
The composition of the Dynamic Portfolio may be modified according to the procedure set out in clause 4 below 
and at the Portfolio Advisor’s sole discretion, subject to the approval of the Portfolio Calculation Agent in 
charge to verify on an ongoing basis that the composition of the Dynamic Portfolio is complying with the 
Methodology. For the avoidance of doubt, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may choose not to approve a 
modification, in particular in the event that the Portfolio Calculation Agent deems that a proposed modification 
creates a non-negligible risk that the liquidative value of the Dynamic Portfolio becomes negative. The Portfolio 
Advisor’s proposals are based on a discretionary analysis guided by a goal of optimising the Dynamic 
Portfolio’s risk / reward ratio and in order to maintain the continuity of the Dynamic Portfolio objective. 
 
2. DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION RULES  
The calculation of the Dynamic Portfolio will take place according to the conditions described in Appendix 1 of the 
General Methodology “Calculation Method of the Dynamic Portfolios”. 
2.1 
Maximum number of Rebalancing 
The Portfolio Advisor may change the composition of the Dynamic Portfolio up to [●] times per year. Each 
additional Rebalancing shall be agreed with the Portfolio Sponsor and would lead to additional costs.  
2.2 
Rebalancing Date 
Any Exchange Business Day, to the extent of the Maximum number of Rebalancing, on which the Portfolio 
Components are modified as requested by the Portfolio Advisor in accordance with the procedure described in 
paragraph 4 below. 
2.3 
Weighting Constraints 
For the purpose of this Specific Methodology, “Weightings” means the weights of the Portfolio Components, 
“𝒘𝒊(𝒕)” being the weight of each Portfolio Component i on Calculation Day t. 
- 
The sum of 𝒘𝒊 for all i will be equal to 100%, the Dynamic Portfolio is fully invested. 
- 
[There will be at least [●] Portfolio Components.] (Remove if not applicable) 
- 
[The weight of each Portfolio Component is equal to, or lower than [●]%.] (Remove if not applicable) 
- 
The weight  𝒘𝒊(𝒅) for each Equity Instrument is equal to, or lower than, 
𝑫𝒚𝒏𝒂𝒎𝒊𝒄𝑷𝒐𝒓𝒕𝒇𝒐𝒍𝒊𝒐(𝟎)
𝑫𝒚𝒏𝒂𝒎𝒊𝒄𝑷𝒐𝒓𝒕𝒇𝒐𝒍𝒊𝒐(𝒅−𝟏) ×
𝑳𝒊𝒒𝒖𝒊𝒅𝒊𝒕𝒚𝒊(𝒅−𝟏)/𝟑
𝑶𝒖𝒕𝒔𝒕𝒂𝒏𝒅𝒊𝒏𝒈𝑪𝒆𝒓𝒕𝒊𝒇𝒊𝒄𝒂𝒕𝒆𝒔(𝒅−𝟏). 
 
Dynamic Portfolio(0) is the official closing level of the Dynamic Portfolio on its Creation Date. 
Dynamic Portfolio(d-1) is the official closing level of the Dynamic Portfolio on the Calculation Date 
preceding a Rebalancing Date d. 
Liquidityi(d-1) is defined on the Calculation Date preceding a Rebalancing Date d as the minimum of the 
average daily traded amount of the Portfolio Componenti over the past month and the past six months 
according to Bloomberg for the most liquid venue and expressed in the Base Currency.

--- Page 423 ---
423 
 
OutstandingCertificates(d-1) represents the part of the outstanding nominal amount that is not held by Exane 
Derivatives of any certificate(s) or any other product(s) linked to the Dynamic Portfolio and issued by any 
issuer of the Exane Group or any third party issuer for which Exane Derivatives is acting as dealer or arranger, 
on the Calculation Date preceding Rebalancing Date d, and expressed in the Base Currency. 
 
3. DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO VALUE CALCULATION METHOD AND FORMULA  
3.1 Dynamic Portfolio value on each Calculation Date  
The Dynamic Portfolio is calculated and published only on Calculation Dates as defined in the General 
Methodology. 
The value of the Dynamic Portfolio on a Calculation Date t is determined according to the following formula: 
𝐃𝐲𝐧𝐚𝐦𝐢𝐜𝐏𝐨𝐫𝐭𝐟𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐨(𝐭) = 
𝐃𝐲𝐧𝐚𝐦𝐢𝐜𝐏𝐨𝐫𝐭𝐟𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐨(𝐭−𝟏) × [∑𝐰𝐢(𝐭−𝟏) ×
𝐂𝐨𝐦𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢(𝐭)
𝐂𝐨𝐦𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢(𝐭−𝟏)
𝐢
] × (1 −RebalancingCosts −𝐑𝐅
𝟐𝟓𝟐) 
 
Where:  
Dynamic Portfolio(0) is the value of the Dynamic Portfolio on its Creation Date. 
𝑪𝒐𝒎𝒑𝒐𝒏𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒊(𝒕) is the official closing price or level of the Portfolio Componenti, converted into the Base 
Currency of the Dynamic Portfolio as the case may be, as the applicable Reference Price of the Portfolio 
Componenti . 
Rebalancing Costs are equal to [●]% on the rebalanced volume. 
RF is the Exane Proprietary Indices replication fees equal to [●]%* WE(d), if any. WE(d) is the sum of the 
weight(s) of Portfolio Components that are Exane Proprietary Indices, if any, except for Monetary Indices, on the 
last Rebalancing Date d. 
d is the last date, known on Calculation Date t, where one or more wi has been modified as requested by the 
Portfolio Advisor as per paragraph 4 below. 
i is the Portfolio Components numbers for which the Portfolio Advisor asks for an increase or a decrease of 
weight. 
3.2 Reinvestment of income and profits of a Portfolio Component 
The income and profits (after potential withholding tax) of a Portfolio Component, if applicable, shall be 
reinvested in the Main Monetary Index, converted in the Base Currency. 
In the case of any Portfolio Component expected to pay a dividend from sources within the United States and 
thus subject to the U.S 871(m) withholding regime, the reinvestment of income and profits will be equal to 55% 
taking into account inter alia the applicable U.S withholding tax. 
3.3 Events relating to the Portfolio Components and Market Disruption Events 
If certain events, as described into the General Methodology and affecting one or more Portfolio Components 
occur, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may, as regards to the Dynamic Portfolio, continue to execute its 
obligations, subject to any adjustments it deems necessary. In this respect, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall 
apply the methods described in Appendix 2 “Adjustments of the Dynamic Portfolios following an Event” of the 
General Methodology.

--- Page 424 ---
424 
 
4. 
PORTFOLIO ADVISOR DISCRETIONARY 
CHANGES IN 
THE DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO 
COMPOSITION  
On any Exchange Business Day (meaning a day on which the commercial banks are open and the foreign 
exchange markets are operating in Paris -France) and up to the Number of Reblancing, the Portfolio Advisor may 
change the composition of the Portfolio Components and their Weightings via the following steps: 
Step 1: The Portfolio Advisor shall send an email ito the Portfolio Calculation Agent before 12:00 am (Paris 
time).  
Step 2: The proposed composition shall be deemed valid on reception by the Portfolio Advisor of a confirmation 
transmitted by the Portfolio Calculation Agent by email the same day. 
Step 3: after notifying its acceptance to the Portfolio Advisor and except in cases of exceptional market 
conditions the Portfolio Calculation Agent will: 
o 
determine the first Exchange Business Day tradable for all the Portfolio Components (the 
“Dynamic Portfolio Modification Day”) with respect to the applicable market of the Portfolio 
Components; 
o 
determine the number of Exchange Business Days tradable for all the Portfolio Components 
over which the proposed modification will be implemented. 
o 
implement the proposed modification on the applicable Reference Prices of the Portfolio 
Components on the Rebalancing Period. 
 
5. ROLES 
The management of the Dynamic Portfolio is performed by the Portfolio Advisor and the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent. The Portfolio Calculation Agency and Portfolio Advisory Agreement defines their contractual relation, as 
for the Dynamic Portfolio, their respective roles are as follows.   
5.1 Portfolio Advisor 
The Portfolio Advisor is responsible for the composition and weightings of the Dynamic Portfolio with the terms 
set out in clause 1.   
5.2 Portfolio Calculation Agent and Portfolio Sponsor 
Exane Derivatives is acting as Potfolio Calculation Agent and Portfolio Sponsor for the purpose of the Dynamic 
Portfolio under the terms and conditions set forth in the Methodology and subject to the terms of the Calculation 
Agency and Portfolio Advisory Agreement. 
Exane Derivatives is authorised to do business as an investment firm by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de 
Résolution (the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority) (ACPR) and to offer investment services as 
defined by article L. 321-1 of the Monetary and Financial Code. In performing its business, Exane Derivatives is 
subject to the supervision of the ACPR and of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the French financial markets 
authority). Exane Derivatives is a general partnership with registered office at 6, rue Ménars – 75002 Paris – 
France. 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent performs its functions on a daily basis.  
The Portfolio Calculation Agent is solely responsible for the application of the Dynamic Portfolio calculation 
methods and process and, the case being, makes the appropriate adjustments and modifications. 
In accordance with the terms of clause 1 above, the Portfolio Calculation Agent validates any modification in the 
Dynamic Portfolio proposed by the Portfolio Advisor. To this end, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may contact 
the Portfolio Advisor when it considers necessary regarding any possible question. However, the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent will not itself make any proposition or suggestion concerning the composition of the Dynamic 
Portfolio.  
The Portfolio Calculation Agent verifies the proper execution of the construction method and the Portfolio 
Advisor’s discretionnary changes.

--- Page 425 ---
425 
 
Additionally, the Portfolio Calculation Agent will publish the Methodology of the Dynamic Portfolio, the 
composition and the value of the Dynamic Portfolio  on the www.exane.com website 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent declines any liability in connection with the Dynamic Portfolio level at any 
given time. The Portfolio Calculation Agent can not be held liable for any loss whatsoever, directly or indirectly, 
related to the Dynamic Portfolio.

--- Page 426 ---
426 
 
Appendix X - List of Admissible Markets and Admissible Quote Currencies 
Admissible Markets 
Admissible Quote Currencies 
EURONEXT Brussels (BE) 
EUR 
EURONEXT Paris (FR) 
EUR 
EURONEXT Amsterdam (NL) 
EUR 
EURONEXT Lisbon (PT) 
EUR 
London Stock Exchange 
GBP 
Milan Stock Exchange 
EUR 
OMX - Helsinki Stock Exchange (FI) 
EUR 
OMX - Copenhagen Stock Exchange (DK) 
DKK 
OMX - Stockholm Stock Exchange (SE) 
SEK 
OMX - Rekjavik Stock Exchange (IS) 
ISK 
Oslo Stock Exchange 
NOK 
SIBE Stock Exchange 
EUR 
Virt-x, SWX Swiss Exchange 
CHF 
Xetra - Vienna Stock Exchange (AT) 
EUR 
Xetra - German Stock Exchange (DE) 
EUR 
Xetra - Irish Stock Exchange (IE) 
EUR 
Nasdaq 
USD 
NYSE 
USD 
Tokyo Stock Exchange 
YEN 
HKEX – Hong Kong Stock Exchange 
HKD 
SGX – Singapore Exchange 
SGD 
CSE – Canadian Securities Exchange 
CAD 
ASX – Australian Securities Exchange 
AUD

--- Page 427 ---
427 
 
Appendix Y - List of Withholding Tax applicable to dividends 
 
The withholding tax rate applicable to dividends in the country of domicile (“Withholding Tax”) is the one applied by 
STOXX ©, as adjusted from time to time, available on the site https://www.stoxx.com/withholding-taxes as of 21 July 
2021 and detailed in the table below for information purposes only. 
 
 
Country 
Code 
WHT 
Argentina 
AR 
7.00% 
Australia 
AU 
30.00% 
Austria 
AT 
27.50% 
Bahamas 
BS 
0.00% 
Bahrain 
BH 
0.00% 
Belgium 
BE 
30.00% 
Bermuda 
BM 
0.00% 
Brazil 
BR 
0.00% 
Bulgaria 
BG 
5.00% 
Canada 
CA 
25.00% 
Cayman Islands 
KY 
0.00% 
Chile 
CL 
35.00% 
China 
CN 
10.00% 
Colombia 
CO 
37.10% 
Croatia 
HR 
12.00% 
Curaçao 
CW 
0.00% 
Cyprus 
CY 
0.00% 
Czech Republic 
CZ 
15.00% 
Denmark 
DK 
27.00% 
Egypt 
EG 
10.00% 
Estonia 
EE 
0.00% 
Finland 
FI 
30.00% 
France 
FR 
28.00% 
Germany 
DE 
26.38% 
Greece 
GR 
5.00% 
Hong Kong 
HK 
0.00% 
Hungary 
HU 
0.00% 
Iceland 
IS 
20.00% 
India 
IN 
0.00% 
Indonesia 
ID 
20.00% 
Ireland 
IE 
25.00% 
Isle of Man 
IM 
0.00% 
Israel 
IL 
25.00% 
Italy 
IT 
26.00% 
Japan 
JP 
20.315% 
Jersey 
JE 
0.00% 
Jordan 
JO 
0.00% 
Kuwait 
KW 
0.00% 
Latvia 
LV 
0.00% 
Liberia 
LR 
15.00% 
Liechtenstein 
LI 
0.00% 
Lithuania 
LT 
15.00% 
Luxembourg 
LU 
15.00%

--- Page 428 ---
428 
 
Macedonia (FYROM) 
MK 
10.00% 
Malaysia 
MY 
0.00% 
Malta 
MT 
0.00% 
Marshall Islands 
MH 
0.00% 
Mauritius 
MU 
0.00% 
Mexico 
MX 
10.00% 
Morocco 
MA 
15.00% 
Netherlands 
NL 
15.00% 
New Zealand 
NZ 
33.00% 
Nigeria 
NG 
10.00% 
Norway 
NO 
25.00% 
Oman 
OM 
10.00% 
Pakistan 
PK 
12.50% 
Panama 
PA 
20.00% 
Papua New Guinea 
PG 
15.00% 
Peru 
PE 
5.00% 
Philippines 
PH 
30.00% 
Poland 
PL 
19.00% 
Portugal 
PT 
25.00% 
Qatar 
QA 
0.00% 
Romania 
RO 
5.00% 
Russia 
RU 
15.00% 
Saudi Arabia 
SA 
5.00% 
Serbia 
RS 
20.00% 
Singapore 
SG 
0.00% 
Slovak Republic 
SK 
35.00% 
Slovenia 
SI 
15.00% 
South Africa 
ZA 
20.00% 
South Korea 
KR 
22.00% 
Spain 
ES 
19.00% 
Sri Lanka 
LK 
14.00% 
Sweden 
SE 
30.00% 
Switzerland 
CH 
35.00% 
Taiwan 
TW 
21.00% 
Thailand 
TH 
10.00% 
Tunisia 
TN 
10.00% 
Turkey 
TR 
15.00% 
Ukraine 
UA 
15.00% 
United Arab Emirates 
AE 
0.00% 
United Kingdom 
GB 
0.00% 
USA 
US 
30.00% 
Venezuela 
VE 
34.00% 
Vietnam 
VN 
0.00% 
British Virgin Islands 
VG 
0.00%

--- Page 429 ---
429 
 
Appendix Z - List of the 17 market makers 
 
BCSB 
Barclays 
CAED 
Crédit Agricole 
CG 
Citigroup 
CS 
Crédit Suisse 
DB 
Deutsche Bank Group 
DMG 
Deutsche Bank Securities 
EXA 
Exane 
GOLD 
Goldman Sachs 
JJEY 
Jefferies 
KNGS 
KNG Securities 
MS 
Morgan Stanley 
NMDP 
Nomura 
NXED 
Natixis 
PARS 
BNP 
CG 
Citigroup 
SGEN 
Société Générale 
WDRL 
UBS

--- Page 430 ---
430 
 
 
PROPRIETARY INDICES 
 
GENERAL METHODOLOGY OF EXANE INDICES 
Introduction 
In the course of its business, Exane Derivatives may offer a range of indices that are calculated within the Exane group 
(the Exane Indices or each an “Exane Index” or a “Proprietary Index or Indices”). 
This document describes the general principle and how the Exane Indices are calculated (the General Methodology). It 
should be read in conjunction with the specific methodologies for each Exane Index (individually the Specific 
Methodology and collectively the Methodologies). 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodologies, Exane Derivatives acts as both the Sponsor and the Index 
Calculation Agent for the Exane Indices. 
1. Definitions 
 
Base Currency  
refers to the currency in which the Exane Index is denominated, as specified in each 
Specific Methodology. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
means, when applicable, the Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 ((EU) 2016/1011. 
BGN 
means the Bloomberg Generic Pricing last price for the Debt Security Instrument  
BVAL  
means the mid Reference Price of the current Debt Instrument as published on the 
Bloomberg Page HP (Historical Price- Source BVAL) and corresponding to the 
Bloomberg Valuation for the Debt Security Instrument 
Calculation Date 
refers to an Exchange Business Day where more than seventy-five per cent (75%) or 
on any other percentage as mentioned in the Specific Methodology of the Reference 
Prices of Index Components are obtained by the Index Calculation Agent according 
to the method detailed in Appendix 1, paragraph 2 and that is a TARGET 2 Business 
Day. 
CBBT 
means the Composite Bloomberg Bond Trader last price as published on the 
Bloomberg Page ALLQ for the Debt Security Instrument. 
Constant  
refers to a fixed number, associated to an eligible currency, which can belong to the 
Exane Index in the same way as an Index Component, although without being an 
Instrument (Equity, Fund, Index, Futures Contract or Debt Security). 
Creation Date 
refers to the date of creation of an Exane Index and as specified in each Specific 
Methodology. 
Creation Value 
refers to the value of the Exane index at the Creation Date 
Debt Instrument Bankruptcy  
means a Company (the issuer of the Debt Security Instrument) which (a) is 
dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to 
pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (d) institutes or has instituted 
against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the 
entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a 
resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject 
to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver,

--- Page 431 ---
431 
 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its 
assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or 
has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained, in each case within thirty (30) calendar days thereafter; or (h) causes or 
is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) to 
(g) (inclusive). 
 
Debt Security Instrument 
refers to any financial instrument (including a bond, a convertible bond or a 
perpetual bond) or any debt securities that confer the same creditor right for the 
same nominal value or representing a right of claim over the legal entity that issued 
such instrument that forms part of an Exane Index. 
 
Depositary  
means the entity acting as depositary of the Fund. 
Deposit Agreement  
means the contract or other financial instrument constituting the Depository Receipt, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 
Equity Instrument 
refers to a share or, as applicable, an ordinary share in the company’s capital, a 
depository receipt representing ownership of the underlying share (a Depository 
Receipt), or a share in an exchange traded fund (an ETF or Exchange Traded 
Fund) that forms part of an Exane Index, each being issued by a company (a 
Company). 
 
Equity Instrument Clearing 
System  
means the principal domestic clearing system normally used to settle transactions on 
the Equity Instrument at the relevant time, as determined in good faith by the Index 
Calculation Agent. 
 
Equity Instrument Clearing  
System Business Day 
means any day on which the Equity Instrument Clearing System is open (or would 
have been open, but for the occurrence of an Equity Instrument Clearing System 
Settlement Disruption Event) for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
 
Equity Instrument Clearing 
System Settlement Disruption 
Event  
means an event outside the control of the Issuer, as a result of which (i) the Equity 
Instrument Clearing System cannot clear the transfer of the Equity Instrument or (ii) 
the Equity Instrument Clearing System ceases to clear all or any of its shares. 
 
ETF Administrator  
means the administrator, trustee or similar person with principal administrative 
responsibility for such ETF, as determined in good faith by the Index Calculation 
Agent. 
ETF Advisor  
means the person appointed to act as investment manager or investment adviser of 
the ETF, as determined in good faith by the Index Calculation Agent. 
 
ETF Underlying Index  
means the reference index to which such ETF is linked, as determined in good faith 
by the Index Calculation Agent. 
 
Event Effective Date 
means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Index Calculation Agent. 
Exane Research  
refers to one of the research team of the Exane Group. 
Exchange Business Day 
means any: 
 
(i) Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference Market and the related exchange 
(if any) of an Equity Instrument, a Debt Security Instrument or an Index Instrument

--- Page 432 ---
432 
 
(for mono-exchange index only), as the case may be, are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session, notwithstanding such Market Reference or 
related exchange closing prior to its scheduled weekday closing time on such date, 
without regards to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
sessions; and/or 
 
(ii) Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference Market of a Futures Contract 
Instrument or a Listed Option Instrument is open for trading during its regular 
trading session, notwithstanding the Reference Market closing prior to its scheduled 
weekday closing time on such date, without regards to after-hours or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(iii) date on which a valid order may be executed by a hypothetical investor based on 
the Fund document in force on the Creation Date of the Exane Index; and/or  
 
(iv) Scheduled Trading Day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for multi-
exchange index only) publishes the level of the Index Instrument and the related 
exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such 
related exchange closing prior to its scheduled weekday closing time on such date, 
without regards to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
sessions;  
 
(v) Scheduled Trading Day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for 
Proprietary Index only) publishes the level of the Index Instrument; and/or 
 
(vi) in any other circumstances and for FX Instruments, OTC Derivatives 
Instruments, Scheduled Trading Day on which a day on which the commercial banks 
are open and the foreign exchange markets are operating in Paris –France. 
Fund  
means any collective investment scheme or structure governed by French or foreign 
law, or any sub-fund of a collective investment scheme or structure governed by 
French or foreign law. 
 
Fund Adviser  
means any person authorised to act as discretionary investment manager or non-
discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser 
of a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for the 
Fund. 
Fund Documents  
means, with respect to any Fund, the constitutive documents, subscription 
agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions 
relating to such Fund  
 
Fund Instrument 
refers any share or unit of a collective investment scheme or structure governed by 
French or foreign law, or any sub-fund of a collective investment scheme or 
structure governed by French or foreign law that forms part of an Exane Index. 
Fund Service Provider  
means, in respect to any Fund, any person or entity who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund 
Documents, including any fund adviser, fund administrator, manager, trustee, 
auditor or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such 
Fund, operator, management company, depositary, custodian, subcustodian, prime 
broker, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent. 
 
Futures Contract Instrument 
refers to a futures contract that forms parts of an Exane Index. 
Futures Contract Underlying  
means, in respect of the relevant Futures Contract instrument, the index(ices), 
share(s), debt instrument(s) or commodity(ies). 
 
FX Instrument  
refers to any exchange rate that forms part of an Exane Index.

--- Page 433 ---
433 
 
 
Hypothetical Investor  
means any hypothetical or real investor (as determined by the Index Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Instrument, who is deemed 
to have the rights and obligations, as specified in the relevant Fund Documents, of 
an investor holding a Fund Instrument on the relevant date. The Index Calculation 
Agent may assume that the Hypothetical Investor is resident in a jurisdiction or 
incorporated in a jurisdiction, and that it is, without limitation, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), the Index Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as 
the Index Calculation Agent may determine in the context of the relevant situation). 
 
Index Advisor 
refers to the relevant body or entity specified as such in the Specific Methodology 
which is responsible for providing the Index Calculation Agent with the relevant 
information required for calculating and maintaining the Exane Index, notably that 
relating to the choice of Index Components, and which may include, without 
limitation, the Index Committee, the Exane Research and/or any external entity 
appointed by the Sponsor..  
Index Advisor Fees 
refers to the fees that may be paid the Index Advisor as the case may be.  
Index Asset Class 
refers to the asset class that composed the Exane Index and specified into the 
Specific Methodology. 
Index Calculation Agent 
refers to the company or any other entity whose role is to calculate the values of the 
Exane Indices and/or to make Adjustments applicable to the Exane Indices. 
Index Committee 
refers to the relevant committee composed of members of the Sponsor front office 
dedicated to the allocation of Index Components for the relevant Exane Indices. 
Index Component  
refers to an Equity Instrument, a Fund Instrument, an Index Instrument, a Futures 
Contract Instrument a Listed Option Instrument, an OTC Derivative Instrument 
and/or a Debt Security Instrument and/or a Constant. 
Index Fees 
refers to any fee applied to the Exane Indices as specified into the Specific 
Methodology and that are necessary for the proper functioning of the Exane Index. 
The Index Fees may have the form of Rebalancing Costs, Index Advisor 
Fees,Reinvestment Fees, Maintenance Fees and any other specific fees as detailed 
into the relevant Specific Methodology. 
Index Format  
refers to the possible reinvestment of the dividend (net total return) or not (price 
return). The Index Format is specified into the Specific Methodology 
Index Instrument  
refers to an index that forms part of an Exane Index (which may include, for the 
avoidance of doubt reference indices (a mono-exchange index, a multi-exchanges 
index), currency hedge indices, monetary indices or an Exane Index (for this latter 
and the sake of clarity, it will be named in the relevant following paragraphs as a 
“Proprietary Index”).  
Investment List 
 refers to a list of Index Components provided by Exane Research or any other 
independent entity as specified into the Specific Methodology. 
Listed Option Instrument  
refers to a listed option that forms parts of an Exane Index. 
Maintenance Fees 
refers to the fees required by the Index Sponsor for the appropriate execution of the 
administration of the Proprietary Index and as specified into the Specific 
Methodology. 
 
Management Company  
means the entity acting as management company for the relevant Fund Instrument. 
Net Asset Value  
means, in respect of a Fund, the net asset value of the Fund Instrument, as calculated 
and published by any of its Fund Service Provider on the relevant date, it being 
specified that the Index Calculation Agent may adjust the net asset value of the Fund 
Instrument to reflect, without duplication, the portion borne by the Fund Instrument

--- Page 434 ---
434 
 
of all costs, commissions, expenses, charges, duties, taxes or deductions that may be 
payable and/or incurred in connection with the subscription or settlement of this 
Fund Instrument. 
 
New Debt Security Instrument  means securities of the new company in the event of a Merger or securities resulting 
from Spin-Off (as applicable). Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible 
after the Event Effective Date, by reference to the applicable exchange parity, it 
being understood that, in the event that the original securities must be substituted for 
several different categories of securities, the Index Calculation Agent may decide to 
substitute for the relevant securities one (or more) of such securities (the Selected 
Security(ies)). In this case, the value of the security or securities not selected (the 
Excluded Security(ies)) shall be expressed as a number or a fraction of a number of 
one (or more) of the Selected Security(ies), at the Index Calculation Agent’s choice, 
which shall be calculated by the Index Calculation Agent on the basis of the official 
closing price of both the Selected Security or Securities and the Excluded Securities, 
recorded simultaneously on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted security or 
securities include one or more unlisted securities, the Index Calculation Agent shall 
determine the fair market value of such unlisted security or securities on the Event 
Effective Date. 
New Equity Instrument 
mean the securities exchanged or offered for Equity Instruments pursuant to a 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer, the securities of the new company or new fund in the 
case of a Merger or the securities resulting from a Spin-off (as the case may be). 
Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, by 
reference to the applicable exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event 
that the original securities must be substituted for several different categories of 
securities, the Index Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for the relevant 
securities one (or more) of such securities (the Selected Security(ies)). In this case, 
the value of the security or securities not selected (the Excluded Security(ies)) shall 
be expressed as a number or a fraction of a number of one (or more) of the Selected 
Security(ies), at the Index Calculation Agent’s choice, which shall be calculated by 
the Index Calculation Agent on the basis of the official closing price of both the 
Selected Security or Securities and the Excluded Securities, recorded simultaneously 
on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted security or securities include one or 
more unlisted securities, the Index Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market 
value of such unlisted security or securities on the Event Effective Date. 
New Fund Instrument  
means the unit or securities of the new fund in the case of a Merger or the unit or 
security resulting from a Spin-off (as the case may be), received upon such Event by 
a holder of Fund Instruments prior to such Event. Any substitution shall be made as 
soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, by reference to the applicable 
exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event that the original unit or 
security must be substituted for several different categories of units or shares, the 
Index Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for the relevant units or securities 
res one (or more) of such units or securities (the Selected Fund Instrument (s)). In 
this case, the value of the unit(s) or security(ies) not selected (the Excluded Fund 
Instrument (s)) shall be expressed as a number or a fraction of a number of one (or 
more) of the Selected Fund Instrument(s), at the Index Calculation Agent’s choice, 
which shall be calculated by the Index Calculation Agent on the basis of the 
executed level for an Hypothetical Investor of both the Selected Fund Instrument(s) 
and the Excluded Fund Instrument(s), recorded simultaneously on the Event 
Effective Date. If the substituted unit(s) or share(s) include one or more unit(s) or 
share(s) with no executed level for an Hypothetical Investor, the Index Calculation

--- Page 435 ---
435 
 
Agent shall determine the fair market value of such unit(s) or share(s) on the Event 
Effective Date. 
Number of Rebalancing Days 
refers to the number of Calculation Dates over which the composition of an Exane 
Index is modified following a Rebalancing Trigger. Unless otherwise specified in 
the Specific Methodology of the Exane Index, it is equal to one. 
Operational Committee 
consisting of members representing structuring, legal, risk and compliance 
departments of the Proprietary Index Sponsor, is in charge of reviewing at least 
annually the definition and method of determination of the Proprietary Index and to 
review any modification, error management, adjustment or market disruption event 
which is not provided for in the Methodology of the Proprietary Index and 
implemented by the Technical Committee. 
OTC Derivatives Instruments  
(a) any transaction (including an agreement with respect to any such transaction) 
which is a rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, 
commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity 
index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap 
transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-
currency rate swap transaction, currency option, credit protection transaction, credit 
swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread 
transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back 
transaction, 
securities 
lending 
transaction, 
weather index 
transaction 
or  
forward purchase or sale of a security, commodity or other financial instrument or 
interest (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) or (ii) which 
is a type of transaction that is similar to any transaction referred to in clause (i) 
above that is currently, or in the future becomes, recurrently entered into in the 
financial markets (including terms and conditions incorporated by reference in such 
agreement) and which is a forward, swap, future, option or other derivative on one 
or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity securities or other equity instruments, 
debt securities or other debt instruments, economic indices or measures of economic 
risk or value, or other benchmarks against which payments or deliveries are to be 
made, 
or 
any 
combination 
of 
these 
transactions 
and  
(c) any other transaction identified as an OTC Derivatives Transaction by the 
relevant confirmation. 
Supervision Committee 
consisting of members representing the top management of the structuring, legal, 
risk, compliance departments of the Exane Index Sponsor that meets at least each 
semester a year to control that all the process applicable have been correctly 
implemented.  
Rebalancing  
refers to the reallocation, inclusion or exclusion of Index Components on a 
frequency as specified into the Specific Methodology or in case of exceptional 
circumstances determined by the Calculation Agent, the Technical Committee or the 
Operational Committee of the relevant Exane Index. 
Rebalancing Date 
refers to each Calculation Date to the extent of the maximum number of 
Rebalancing on which there is a Rebalancing. 
Rebalancing Costs 
refers to the costs incurred in case of Rebalancing. Unless otherwise specified in the 
Specific Methodology of the Exane Index, it is equal to zero. 
Rebalancing Period 
refers to the period of consecutive Rebalancing Dates, lasting the Number of 
Rebalancing Days. 
Rebalancing Trigger 
means further the use of an algorithm or a change of the Investment List which may 
trigger a modification of the composition and/or the weights of the Exane Index. 
Any other Rebalancing Trigger could be specified into the Specific Methodology.

--- Page 436 ---
436 
 
Rebalancing Trigger Date 
 means the date on which the Rebalancing Trigger occurs. It would usually refer to 
the date of the algorithm execution or to the date of the publication of an up to date 
Investment List as the case may be. 
Reference Market  
means the principal market or quotation system on which the relevant Index 
Components are traded and which offers the greatest liquidity of such Index 
Components, or any successor or replacement market or quotation system 
 
Reinvestment Fees 
refers to the fees applicable to the reinvestment amount of income and profits and as 
specified into the Specific Methodology. 
 
Replication Fees 
refers to the fees applicable to the Exane Proprietary Index used as Index 
Component and as specified into the Specific Methodology. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day  
means any day on which the Sponsor is scheduled to publish the official level of the 
Exane Index pursuant to its rules and 
 
(i) any day on which the Reference Market and the related exchange (if any) of an 
Equity Instrument, a Debt Security Instrument, a Listed Option Instrument or an 
Index Instrument (for mono-exchange index only), as the case may be, are scheduled 
to be open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(ii) any day on which the Reference Market of a Futures Contract Instrument is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(iii) any day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for multi-exchange index 
only) is scheduled to publish the level of the Index Instrument and the related 
exchange is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session; 
and/or 
 
(iv) any day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for Proprietary Index 
only) is scheduled to publish the level of the Index Instrument. 
Settlement Cycle  
means the period expressed as a number of Equity Instrument Clearing System 
Business Days following a transaction on the Equity Instrument on the Reference 
Market in respect of which settlement will normally take place within the rules of 
such Reference Market. 
 
Sponsor 
refers to Exane Derivatives or any other entity whose role is to: (a) set and revise the 
rules and procedures, the calculation methods and any related adjustments to the 
Exane Index; and (b) to publish (directly or through the intermediary of an agent) 
the level of the Exane Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
Substitute Debt Instrument  
means a debt security instrument (i) which is not the Debt Security Instrument of the 
Exane Index and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, 
similar characteristics to those of the excluded Debt Security Instrument (business 
sector, currency, rating, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other pertinent 
parameter in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Equity Instrument  
means an equity instrument (i) which is not the Equity Instrument of the relevant 
Exane Index and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, 
similar features to those of the excluded Equity Instrument (sector of activity, 
currency, market capitalisation, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other 
pertinent feature in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Futures Contract  
Instrument  
means a futures contract instrument (i) which is not the original Futures Contract 
Instrument of the Exane Index and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Index 
Calculation Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Futures Contract

--- Page 437 ---
437 
 
Instrument (underlying, currency, maturity, liquidity of hedging instruments or any 
other pertinent feature, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Fund Instrument  
means a fund instrument (i) which is not a Fund Instrument of the relevant Exane 
Index, (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Index Calculating Agent, similar features 
to those of the excluded Fund Instrument (classification, management objective, 
investment guidelines or any other relevant parameter in the opinion of the Index 
Calculation Agent) and (iii) whose method of determination and frequency of Net 
Asset Value calculation is deemed satisfactory by the Index Calculation Agent. 
 
Substitute Index Instrument 
means an index instrument (i) which is not the Index Instrument of the Exane Index 
and (ii) which, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, has similar 
characteristics to those of the excluded Index Instrument (geographical zone, 
business sector, currency, liquidity of futures and/or options contracts used for 
hedging, dividend calculation methodology or any other relevant parameter in the 
opinion of the Index Calculation Agent). 
 
Substitute FX Instrument 
means a foreign exchange instrument (i) which is not the FX Instrument of the 
Exane Index and (ii) which, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, has 
similar characteristics to those of the excluded FX Instrument. 
 
Substitute Listed Option 
Instrument  
means a listed option instrument (i) which is not the original Listed Option 
Instrument of the Exane Index and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Index 
Calculation Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Listed Option 
Instrument (underlying, currency, maturity, liquidity of hedging instruments or any 
other pertinent feature, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent). 
 
Substitution 
means the cessation by the Index Calculation Agent of the indexation of the Exane 
Index to the Equity Instrument, the Index Instrument, the Fund Instrument, the 
Futures Contract Instrument, the Listed Option Instrument, the FX Instrument or the 
Debt Security Instrument, as the case may be, and its replacement by, respectively, a 
Substitute Equity Instrument, a Substitute Index Instrument, a Substitute Fund 
Instrument, a Substitute Futures Contract Instrument, a Substitute Listed Option 
Instrument, the Substitute FX Instrument or a Substitute Debt Security Instrument, 
as the case may be or, in the case the Exane Index includes several Index 
Components as determined by the Index Calculation Agent (alternately to the ability 
of the Index Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Index 
Component), the crystallization at the fair market value of the relevant Equity 
Instrument, the Index Instrument, the Fund Instrument, the Futures Contract 
Instrument, the Listed Option Instrument or the Debt Security Instrument, as the 
case may be on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Technical Committee 
refers to a technical committee of the Sponsor that meets when an extraordinary 
event occurs and affects an Index Component or as the case may be the Proprietary 
Index to determine if the index Component or Proprietary Index continue to fulfill 
the objective of the relevant Proprietary Index and the consequences of such event. 
Technical Committee Meeting 
refers to a meeting of the Technical Committee convened following an extraordinary 
event not listed into the Methodologies that affects an Index Component or the 
determination or the calculation of the Index. To prevent any conflict of interest, the 
Technical Committee shall base any decisions only in the interest of the smooth 
running of the Exane Index. 
TARGET 2 Business Day 
refers to a day when the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System known as TARGET 2 or any successor system is 
operating. 
Underlying Equity Instrument 
means the share issued by the Company to which the Depository Receipt is linked, 
as determined in good faith by the Index Calculation Agent.

--- Page 438 ---
438 
 
2. 
Objectives of the Exane Indices 
 
The objectives of the Exane Indices will be described in the Specific Methodologies, since they are specific to each 
Exane Index 
Unless stated otherwise into the Specific Methodology, the Exane Indices shall be able to be investibable. 
 
3. 
Construction and Calculation Rules of the Exane Indices 
 
The Exane Index may be composed of different type of Index Components as specified into the relevant Specific 
Methodology, 
To be present within the Exane Index, an Index Component must comply with the following Technical Eligibility 
Criteria unless stated otherwise into the Specific Methodology: 
 
General Criteria for all Index Component 
- be in an admissible quote currency as mentioned in the Appendix X of the General Methodology (“Admissible Quote 
Currencies”) 
- not be identified as being subject to an Embargo according to the lists provided by Exane Compliance, and, where 
relevant (stated in the Specific Methodologies), not on the applicable Corporate and Social Responsibilities (“CSR”) 
Exclusion lists. 
 
Additional specific Criteria 
- if it is an Equity Instrument: 
▪ 
it has a daily liquidity greater than EUR 1 million equivalent 
 
- if it is a Debt Security Instrument: 
▪ 
The issue size is at least equal to EUR 300 million equivalent for bonds and EUR 150 million equivalent for 
convertible bonds; 
▪ 
the country of the issuer (Bloomberg field CNTRY_OF_CORPORTATION, DX650) is member of the OECD; 
▪ 
the bond is eligible for Euroclear settlement/delivery in its nominal currency; 
▪ 
the BVAL bid-ask spread is at least lower than 3% (could be revised). 
 
- if it is a Fund Instrument: 
▪ 
European registration and subject to European regulation; 
▪ 
preferably UCITS with daily liquidity; 
▪ 
liquidity at least weekly; 
▪ 
AUM ≥ 100 million EUR equivalent; 
▪ 
existing for more than 1 year; 
▪ 
subject to a Exane Derivatives holding ratio limited to 20%; 
▪ 
open to new investment from Exane Derivatives; 
▪ 
preferably without entry nor exit fee; 
▪ 
share class preferably institutional; 
▪ 
currency of the fund share class in an admissible quote currency as per Appendix X; 
▪ 
compatible with regulatory constraints; 
▪ 
NAV published on Bloomberg. 
 
And in any case any Fund Instrument shall be duly approved by the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
Any other Technical Eligibility Criteria on these Index Components or on any other Index Component shall be specified 
into the Specific Methodology. 
Selection, composition and eligibility rules that are specific to each Exane Index, are detailed in the applicable Specific 
Methodology.

--- Page 439 ---
439 
 
4. 
Governance Rules 
4.1. 
The Technical Committee 
4.1.1 Role of the Technical Committee 
The role of the Technical Committee is to determine if, in case of the occurrence of an event, the index 
Component or Proprietary Index continue to fulfill the objective of the relevant Proprietary Index and the 
consequences of such event.  
Each decision by the Technical Committee will be recorded in minutes published on the internet site 
www.exane.com/exaneindex. 11 
4.1.2 Meetings of the Technical Committee 
Meetings are held to ensure appropriate action in case of an event not contemplated in the General Methodology 
or the Specific Methodology of a particular index. Its role is detailed in each Specific Methodology. 
4.1.3 List of the Technical Committee members 
Members 
Substitute Members 
Function 
André-Georges Amadieu 
Céline Ma 
Structuring 
Denis Cauchard 
Leopold Holtzapffel 
Calculation Agent 
4.2. 
The Index Committee 
The Index Committee consisting of members of the Sponsor front office is in charge of the allocation of Index 
Components for some specific Exane Indices. It encompasses the members of the Technical Committee. 
4.3. 
The Operational Committee 
The Operational Committee, consisting of members representing structuring, legal, risk and compliance 
departments of the Proprietary Index Sponsor, is in charge of reviewing at least annually the definition and 
method of determination of the Proprietary Index and to review any modification, error management, adjustment 
or market disruption event which is not provided for in the Methodology of the Proprietary Index and 
implemented by the Technical Committee. 
4.4. 
The Supervision Committee 
The Supervision Committee consisting of members representing the top management of the structuring, legal, 
risk, compliance departments of the Exane Index Sponsor that meets at least each semester a year to control that 
all the process applicable have been correctly implemented.  
 
5. 
Composition of the Exane Indices 
The Exane Indices may consist of any type of Index Component: an Equity Instrument, a Fund Instrument, an Index 
Instrument, a Futures Contract Instrument, a Listed Option Instrument, FX instrument, OTC Derivatives Instrument or a 
Debt Security Instrument, or of any Constant 
6. 
Publication and communication of the Exane Indices 
All available information on the Exane Indices (the General Methodology, the Specific Methodologies, historical prices, 
the composition of the Exane Indices and the prices of Index Components) can be found on the internet web site 
www.exane.com/exaneindex. 12 
Any other form of publication or communication is specified in the Specific Methodology. 
 
11 The website gives an unlimited access to the content and is free of charge. 
12 The website gives an unlimited access to the content and is free of charge.

--- Page 440 ---
440 
 
7. 
Calculation of and adjustments to the Exane Indices 
The calculation principles of the Exane Indices are described in each applicable Specific Methodology. 
The performances of the Exane Indices are calculated on a daily basis and reflect the weightings of the Index 
Components, their respective daily return the currency overlay and their costs. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology, the calculation of the Exane Indices will take place according to 
the conditions described in Appendix 1 “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices”.  
Unless otherwise specified in the Specific Methodology, the occurrence of an event affecting an Exane Index, the 
adjustments of that Exane Index will be made in accordance with the methods described in Appendix 2 “Adjustments to 
the Exane Indices”.  
The Index Sponsor reserves the right to terminate at any time the mandate of the Index Calculation Agent. Any such 
determination shall be deemed not to constitute an Adjustment Event.  
The application, by the Index Calculation Agent or of the Technical Committee of the Calculation Method of the Exane 
Index as described into the Specific Methodology is final and biding. The Calculation Agent the Technical Committee 
or the Operational Committee, as the case may be will make any adjustment to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
relevant Exane Index. 
However, the Sponsor cannot guarantee that no changes in circumstances associated with movements in the markets or 
with legal, regulatory, fiscal changes or other circumstances will occur. As a result, the Sponsor cannot guarantee that 
no amendments to or changes in the Index Methodology will take place. If the Sponsor determines that any such 
amendment or change is necessary, then the Sponsor will use reasonable efforts to ensure that such amendment or 
change is materialized in a methodology that complies as much as possible with such Exane Index methodology and 
with the objective of the Exane Index. 
In case of any such amendment or change, the Sponsor will publish a notification on the Exane Indices website, 
informing of the implementation of such amendment or change.

--- Page 441 ---
441 
 
Appendix 1 “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices” 
 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology, the Exane Index is calculated using the following formula: 
 
𝑰𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒙 (𝒕) = (∑𝒒𝒊
𝑵
𝒊=𝟏
× 𝑨𝒄𝒕𝒊(𝒕)) × (𝟏−𝑭
𝑩)
𝒏(𝒕)
 
where: 
N  
=  number of Index Components on Calculation Date t 
Index(t) 
= level of the Exane Index on Calculation Date t, expressed in the Base Currency 
qi  
= quantity of the Index Component(i) 
Acti(t)  
= Reference Price of the Index Component(i) on Calculation Date t, expressed in the Base Currency 
F 
= Index Fees, equal to the percentage defined in the Specific Methodology 
n(t) 
= number of calendar or working days, as specified in the Specific Methodology, between the Creation 
Date of the Exane Index and Calculation Date t 
B 
= total number of calendar or working days per year, as specified in the Specific Methodology 
 
1. Number of Index Components of the Exane Index “N” 
 
The number of Index Components is determined by the Rebalancing Trigger. Any minimum number will be 
specified in the Specific Methodology. 
2. 
Reference Prices of Index Components 
 
In order to determine if an Exchange Business Day is a Calculation Date for a relevant Exane Index, the Index 
Calculation Agent shall obtain more than seventy-five per cent (75%) of the Reference Prices of Index 
Components by determining the Reference Price of each Index Component by using the prices, quotes, level or 
other it obtained through the process explained hereafter. Generally speaking, an Index Component will have for 
an Exchange Business Day only one Reference Price that the Index Calculation Agent will save in a database. If, 
for a relevant Exchange Business Day, the Index Calculation Agent obtains more than seventy-five per cent 
(75%) of the Reference Prices of Index Components but, amongst the last twenty-five per cent, some of the 
Index Component does not have a Reference Price for such Exchange Business Day, therefore it will take into 
account the Reference Price for such Index Component on the last Calculation Date. 
For technical and administrative reasons, Reference Price of Index Components for a relevant Exchange 
Business Day may have to be retrieved on a following Exchange Business Day. 
Foreign exchange rate applicable to the Reference Price: the Reference Prices are expressed in the Base 
Currency. For the purpose of the calculation of the Exane Index with Index Components that are denominated in 
a currency other than the Base Currency, the applicable foreign exchange rate used for this conversion is the spot 
exchange rate against the Base Currency or determined using the observable spot exchange rates, which can be 
found at the end of each Exchange Business Day on Bloomberg page WMCO Curncy (on or about 5:00 p.m. 
Paris time). The USD pivot rate shall be used for any determination of a foreign exchange rate between two 
other currencies than USD, provided that such foreign exchange rate is not a Euro foreign exchange rate as 
published by the European Central Bank. 
2.1. 
Reference Price of Equity Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of an Equity Instrument is the official closing price on the Reference Market of this Equity 
Instrument on any Exchange Business Day.

--- Page 442 ---
442 
 
2.2. 
Reference Price of Index Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of an Index Instrument is the official level on the Reference Market of the Index Instrument 
(for a mono exchange index only) or the official level published by its Sponsor (for a multi exchange index or a 
Proprietary Index). 
2.3. 
Reference Price of Fund Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Fund Instrument is the official net asset value as calculated and/or published by the 
Fund Service Provider on an Exchange Business Day and available on Bloomberg. The Index Calculation Agent 
will be able to adjust the net asset value of the Fund Instrument to reflect, without duplication, the portion 
ascribable to the Fund Instrument of all costs, charges, taxes or levies payable and/or incurred through the 
subscription or redemption of the Fund Instrument. 
2.4. 
Reference Price of Futures Contract Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Futures Contract Instrument is the clearing official price on any Exchange Business 
Day on the relevant Reference Market of this Futures Contract Instrument.  
2.5. 
Reference Price of Debt Security Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument includes accrued interest. 
The Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument is determined as follows. 
2.5.1. Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument which is not a convertible bond 
 
Subject to clause 2.5.3 below, the Reference Price of Debt Security Instruments is established by the Index 
Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to the corresponding Bloomberg HP calculation page. 
The source used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest BGN source available. If such source is not 
available the Index Calculation Agent shall establish the Reference Price with reference to the corresponding 
Bloomberg HP Page (Historical Price- Source BVAL). The contributor used for each Debt Security Instrument is 
the latest BVAL available. If none of the BGN source and the BVAL source is available, the Index Calculation 
Agent shall determine in good faith the Reference Price of the Debt Security Instrument. 
For Debt Security Instruments whose quotation price excludes accrued interest, accrued coupons are reintegrated 
to calculate the Reference Price. 
 
2.5.2. Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument which is a convertible bond 
 
The Index Calculation Agent may use one of the following method to determine the Reference Price of Debt 
Security Instrument which is a convertible bond. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Specific 
Methodology, the default method is the Combined Method. 
The available spreads (bid/ask) on a Calculation Date from a list of 17 market makers (listed in Appendix Z) are 
recorded at 5.35 p.m. (Paris time) on Bloomberg. Then, for each price spread, the corresponding mid prices are 
calculated from bid/ask prices. Once the mean and standard deviation of market makers’ mid prices are 
determined, the Index Calculation Agent strips out prices outside the [mean -0.8 standard deviation; mean + 0.8 
standard deviation] interval to calculate the new mid price average of the remaining market makers. The new 
mean becomes the Reference Price (the “Market Makers Method”). For the avoidance of doubt, if only two 
price spreads are available then they are systematically retained to calculate the average mid price, and if only 
one price spread is available then the corresponding mid price becomes the Reference Price. 
The Reference Price is established by the Index Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to the 
corresponding Bloomberg HP calculation page. The source used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest 
BGN source available. (the “BGN Method”)

--- Page 443 ---
443 
 
The Reference Price is established by the Index Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to the 
corresponding Bloomberg ALLQ page. The contributor used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest 
CBBT available. (the “CBBT Method”) 
The Reference Price is established by the Index Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m (Paris Time) with reference to the 
corresponding Bloomberg HP Page (Historical Price- Source BVAL). The contributor used for each Debt 
Security Instrument is the latest BVAL available. (the “BVAL Method”) 
 
The Reference Price is established by the Index Calculation Agent using the “Combined Method”: 
• 
If the price obtained using the BGN Method is available: 
o 
If the price obtained using the Market Makers Method is based on less than 3 market makers’ 
prices before the exclusion of prices outside the interval, then the price obtained using the 
BGN Method becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BGN Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BGN 
Method is strictly lower than 0.10%, then the price obtained using the Market Makers Method 
becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BGN Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by(B) the price obtained using the BGN 
Method is strictly lower than 0.75%, then the mean between the price obtained using the BGN 
Method and the price obtained using the Market Makers Method becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Otherwise, the price obtained using the BGN Method becomes the Reference Price. 
• 
If the price obtained using the BGN Method is not available and the price obtained using the BVAL 
Method is available: 
o 
If the price obtained using the Market Makers Method is based on less than 3 market makers’ 
prices before the exclusion of prices outside the interval, then the price obtained using the 
BVAL Method becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BVAL Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BVAL 
Method is strictly lower than 0.10%, then the price obtained using the Market Makers Method 
becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BVAL Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BVAL 
Method is strictly lower than 0.75%, then the mean between the price obtained using the 
BVAL Method and the price obtained using the Market Makers Method becomes the 
Reference Price. 
o 
Otherwise, the price obtained using the BVAL Method becomes the Reference Price. 
• 
If both the price obtained using the BGN Method and the price obtained using the BVAL Method are 
not available, then the price obtained using the Market Makers Method becomes the Reference Price. 
For convertible bonds listed ex-coupon, accrued interest is added back to calculate the Reference Price. 
2.5.3. Alternative Reference Price of Debt Security Instruments 
 
By derogation to the above, the Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument which enters or exits from the 
Index Composition may be determined alternatively by the Technical Committee if at least one of the following 
conditions is met on each Calculation Date on which the relevant Debt Security Instrument enters or exits: 
- 
the spread (bid/ask) established by the Index Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m (Paris Time) with reference to 
the corresponding Bloomberg HP Page (Historical Price) is greater than or equal to 2%. The contributor 
used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest BVAL source available or the latest BGN source 
available;

--- Page 444 ---
444 
 
- 
the Reference Price of the Debt Security Instrument or the official closing price on the Reference Market of 
the underlying share if the Debt Security Instrument is a convertible bond has increased or decreased by 
more than 10% over the 5 previous Exchange Business Days; 
- 
the Technical Committee has determined in good faith that the Reference Price of the Debt Security 
Instrument does not reflect its actual market value due to exceptional market conditions, including but not 
limited to, a Market Disruption Event, a corporate action or a trading suspension affecting the Debt Security 
Instrument or the underlying share if the Debt Security Instrument is a convertible bond. 
The alternative Reference Price will be determined by the Technical Committee using the following method: 
- 
3 counterparties will be asked for a firm bid and/or ask price on the Debt Security Instrument; and 
- 
the best firm bid and/or ask price will be used as the Reference Price and no Rebalancing Cost will be 
applied. 
 
2.6. 
Reference Price of Listed Option Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Listed Option Instrument is the clearing official price on any Exchange Business Day 
on the relevant Reference Market of this Listed Option Instrument. If there is no clearing official price, the 
Reference Price of Listed Option Instruments will be defined in the Specific Methodology of the Exane Index. 
Ask Price means the Exchange’s closing ask price. 
Bid Price means the Exchange’s closing bid price. 
Settlement Price means the official settlement price (as described under the rules of the relevant Exchange or its 
clearing house) published by the relevant Exchange or its clearing house. 
 
3. 
Market Disruption Events 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs on a Calculation Date (a Disrupted Day), then the Index Calculation Agent 
shall not calculate the level of the Exane Index on such Calculation Date. For this purpose, a Market Disruption 
Event means the occurrence of an Index Component Event, as defined hereafter, which affects at least twenty 
five per cent (25 %) of the Index Components. 
If any relevant Calculation Date is a Disrupted Day for an Exane Index, then the next Calculation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Exane Index, 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Calculation Dates immediately following this initial Disrupted Day is a 
Disrupted Day (i.e. the Index Component Event continues to affect at least twenty five per cent (25 %) of the 
Index Components). 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Calculation Date notwithstanding 
that such day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Index Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the level of 
such Exane Index on such eighth Disrupted Day, in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
such Exane Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the traded or quoted 
prices on that eighth Disrupted Day of each Index Component as described in the paragraph 2 here above (or, if 
an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Index Component on that eighth 
Disrupted Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Index Component on that eighth Disrupted 
Day). 
Index Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Equity 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Equity Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Equity Instruments; 
and 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Fund 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund Instruments; 
and

--- Page 445 ---
445 
 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Index 
Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments; 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Futures Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or 
more of such Futures Contract Instruments;  
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Debt 
Security Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Debt Security Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Listed 
Option Instruments, the occurrence of a Listed Option Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Listed Option Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more OTC 
Derivatives Instruments, the occurrence of OTC Derivatives Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
OTC Derivatives Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more FX 
Instruments, the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event affecting one or more of such FX Instruments. 
- 
 
 
Scheduled Calculation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Calculation Date. 
 
If a Market Disruption Event has been continuing after eight Exchange Business Day on an or several 
Index Component(s), the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to (without limitation) (each, an 
Index Disruption Remedy): 
- 
adjust any relevant terms of the Index Rules in a manner that preserves the economic characteristics 
of the Exane Index; or 
- 
continue the determination of the official level of the Exane Index pursuant to the hereof provision for 
another maximum period of twenty Exchange Business Day; or 
- 
permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
Each Index Disruption Remedy will be published as the paragraph 4 of the Appendix 1. 
 
3.1. 
Equity Market Disruption Event 
Equity Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Index Calculation Agent determines is material and 
which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Calculation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
-  
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Reference Market or, as the 
case may be, the related exchange prior to its scheduled closing time, unless such early closing time has 
been announced by such Reference Market or by such related exchange at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Market or related 
exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the related exchange system for 
execution at the Calculation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
-  
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Index Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Equity Instruments on the relevant 
Reference Market, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to the relevant Equity Instrument on the related exchange.

--- Page 446 ---
446 
 
-  
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or, as the case may be, the related exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or 
Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Reference Market or relevant related exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to such Equity 
Instrument on the relevant Reference Market, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Equity 
Instrument on the relevant related exchange. 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date. If the relevant Reference Market closes prior to its scheduled closing time and the specified 
Calculation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Calculation Time shall 
be such actual closing time.  
 
3.2. 
Fund Market Disruption Event 
Fund Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, the occurrence or existence of (i) 
Valuation Disruption, (ii) a Settlement Disruption or (iii) a Liquidity Disruption, that the Index Calculation 
Agent determines is material. Exceptionally, if an event occurs which constitutes both a Fund Disruption Event 
and an Event (as defined below) for such Fund Instrument, such event shall constitute an Event for such Fund 
Instrument and not a Fund Disruption Event. For the purpose thereof: 
- 
 Liquidity Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, any suspension, limitation or delay 
affecting the settlement of such Fund Instruments, whether in accordance with the provisions of the Fund 
Documents or for any other reason.  
-  
Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument on any date, failure by the Fund to pay the 
full amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the Settlement Proceeds due in respect of 
such Fund Instrument, as such amount should have been paid at the latest by such date in accordance with 
the Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision 
permitting the Fund to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Instruments). 
-  
Valuation Disruption means that: 
(d) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument is not determined and/or published by the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) in accordance with the provisions 
of the Fund Documents; 
(e) 
the determination and/or publication of the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument, in accordance 
with the Fund Documents, has/have been suspended; or  
(f) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider 
which generally determines such value) is incorrect or misrepresents the Net Asset Value of the 
Fund Instrument, in the reasonable opinion of the Index Calculation Agent. 
Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date means, with respect to any Fund Instrument, the date on which the Fund 
(or its Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) is scheduled, in accordance with its Fund 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision permitting the Fund 
to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Instruments) to determine the Net Asset Value of such Fund Instrument for 
purposes of calculating the settlement proceeds to be paid to an investor who has submitted a valid notice by the 
required Fund Instrument settlement deadline for settlement of Fund Instrument, based on the value determined 
on such date. The Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date, relating to any Calculation Date, shall be the Scheduled 
Settlement Valuation Date occurring on such Calculation Date, or, if no Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date 
occurs on such Calculation Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date. 
Settlement Notification Date means, in respect of any Fund Instrument and Calculation Date, the latest date on 
which a Hypothetical Investor in such Fund Instrument would be authorised, pursuant to the Fund Documents, to

--- Page 447 ---
447 
 
submit a settlement notice by the required deadline for settlement on the Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date 
taking place on such Calculation Date, or, if no Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date occurs on such Calculation 
Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date. 
Settlement Proceeds means the proceeds, as determined by the Index Calculation Agent, that would be paid by 
the Fund to a Hypothetical Investor whose Fund instruments are being redeemed on the relevant Settlement 
Valuation Date, provided that (1) all proceeds to be paid in property other than cash shall be valued by the Index 
Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, and (2) if the Hypothetical Investor has the right to opt for 
payment of such settlement proceeds to be made either in cash or in property, the Hypothetical Investor shall be 
deemed to have opted for payment of such proceeds in cash. 
Settlement Valuation Date means, in respect of any Fund Instrument and any Scheduled Settlement Valuation 
Date, the date on which the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) 
determines the Net Asset Value of such Fund Instrument for purposes of calculating the settlement proceeds to 
be paid to a Hypothetical Investor who has submitted a valid settlement notice at the latest by the corresponding 
Settlement Notification Date. 
 
3.3. 
Index Market Disruption Event 
 
Index Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Index Instrument: 
- for an Index Instrument which is a multi-exchange index, the non-publication of the official closing level by its 
sponsor; 
- for an Index Instrument which is an Exane Index, the non-publication of the official closing level by its 
Sponsor or any Index Component Event; 
- for an Index Instrument which is a mono-exchange index, the Reference Market and/or related exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session. 
 
3.4. 
Futures Contract Market Disruption Event 
Futures Contract Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Futures Contract Instrument, the occurrence 
or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Index Calculation Agent 
determines, in each case, is material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the 
relevant Calculation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the purpose thereof: 
-  
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the relevant Reference Market prior 
to its scheduled closing time, unless such early closing time has been announced by such Reference 
Market at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Reference Market on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Reference Market system for execution at the Calculation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
-  
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Index Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures Contract Instrument on the 
Reference Market. 
 
-  
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference Market or otherwise, in the 
relevant Futures Contract Instrument on the relevant Reference Market. 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date. If the relevant Reference Market closes prior to its scheduled closing time and the specified 
Calculation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Calculation Time shall 
be such actual closing time;

--- Page 448 ---
448 
 
 
3.5. 
Debt Security Market Disruption Event 
Debt Security Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Debt Security Instrument: 
(a) 
any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Reference Market or 
(b) 
any suspension or limitation on trading on listed options contracts or futures contracts relating to the 
Debt Security Instrument, which the Index Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any 
time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Calculation Time,  
(c) 
any suspension of publication on the relevant screen page of the Debt Security Instrument or the 
unavailability of clean bid prices from at least two market participants, or 
(d) 
any Debt Security Component Event 
 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date or (ii) for a Debt Security Instrument that is not traded on a Reference Market 16.00 CET. 
 
3.6. 
Listed Option Market Disruption Event 
Listed Option Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Listed Option Instrument the occurrence or 
existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) a Market Disruption, which the Index Calculation Agent determines is 
material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Calculation Time, or (iii) 
an Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
-  
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Reference Market or, as the 
case may be, the related exchange prior to its scheduled closing time, unless such early closing time has 
been announced by such Reference Market or by such related exchange at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Market or related 
exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the related exchange system for 
execution at the Calculation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
-  
Market Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Listed Option on the relevant Exchange, or 
(ii) to effect transactions in futures contracts or options contracts relating to Listed Options. 
-  
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or 
otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Market Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or otherwise, in such Listed Option on the relevant 
Exchange. 
 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date. If the relevant Reference Market closes prior to its scheduled closing time and the specified 
Calculation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Calculation Time shall 
be such actual closing time. 
3.7. 
FX Instrument Market Disruption Event 
 
FX Instrument Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of any of the following events (i) 
Price Source Unavailability, (ii) Liquidity Disruption or (iii) Dual Exchange Rate that the Index Calculation 
Agent determines is material. Exceptionally, if an event occurs which constitutes both a Market Disruption Event 
and an Event for such Exchange Rate (as defined below), such event shall constitute an Event for such Exchange 
Rate and not a Market Disruption Event).

--- Page 449 ---
449 
 
Dual Exchange Rate means that a currency of the Exchange Rate is divided into a dual or multiple exchange 
rates.  
Liquidity Disruption means the occurrence of an event concerning a currency preventing the Calculation Agent 
from determining the rate for such currency. 
Price Source Unavailability means that it has become impossible to obtain the rate used for calculation of the 
Settlement Price. 
 
3.8. 
OTC Instrument Market Disruption Event 
 
OTC Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Share 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Share Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Share Instruments; 
and 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Fund 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund Instruments; 
and 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Index 
Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments; 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Futures 
Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Futures Contract Instruments;  
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Debt Security 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Debt 
Security Instruments; 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Listed Option 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Listed Option Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Listed 
Option Instruments; and 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more FX Instruments, 
the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event affecting one or more of such FX Instruments. 
 
 
4. 
Quantity of Index Components / Rebalancing mechanism 
4.1. 
General mechanism 
The quantity of each Index Component will be modified following a Rebalancing Trigger or a reinvestment of 
income and profits if the Specific Methodology provides for such a reinvestment, and may also be modified 
following a Technical Committee Meeting or an Operational Committee Meeting or an Adjustment as described 
below. 
4.1.1. Continuity of the aggregate value of the Index Components of the Exane Index  
 
where: 
Nold  
=  
number of Index Components on the day immediately preceding the Rebalancing Date t 
Nnew  
=  
number of Index Components once the Rebalancing Trigger has been affected on 
Rebalancing Date t 
qi,tOld 
=   
quantity of the Index Component(i) appearing in the previous composition of the Exane Index 
qj,tNew  
=   
quantity of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane Index 
Acti,tOld  
=  
Reference Price of the Index Component(i) appearing in the previous composition of the 
Exane Index at Rebalancing Date t of the Exane Index, expressed in the Base Currency 



=

Nnew
New
t
i
New
t
i
Nold
Old
t
i
Old
t
i
Act
q
Act
q
1
,
,
1
,
,

--- Page 450 ---
450 
 
Acti,tNew  
=  
Reference Price of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane 
Index at Rebalancing Date t of the Exane Index, expressed in the Base Currency 
4.1.2. Rebalancing of Index Components at each Rebalancing Date:  
 
𝒒𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑨𝒄𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× (𝟏−𝑭
𝑩)
𝒏(𝒕)
= 𝑾𝒆𝒊𝒈𝒉𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑰𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒙(𝒕) 
where: 
qi,t New 
=  
quantity of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane Index 
Acti,tNew  
=  
Reference Price of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane 
Index at Rebalancing Date t of the Exane Index, expressed in the Base Currency 
Index(t)  
=  
level of the Exane Index at Rebalancing Date t of the Exane Index, expressed in the Base 
Currency 
Weighti,tNew =  
the new weight of each Index Component(i) at Rebalancing Date t 
F 
=  
Index Fees equal to the percentage defined in the Specific Methodology 
n(t) 
= 
number of calendar or working days, as stated in the Specific Methodology, between the 
Creation Date of the Exane Index and Rebalancing Date t 
B 
= 
total number of calendar or working days per year, as stated in the Specific Methodology 
 
4.1.2 (cont.) Weighting of Index Components at each Rebalancing Date: 
 
𝒒𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑨𝒄𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× (𝟏−𝑭
𝑩)
𝒏(𝒕)
= 𝑰𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒙(𝒕)
𝑵𝒏𝒆𝒘
 
where: 
Nnew  
=  
number of Index Components determined by the latest Rebalancing Trigger 
qi,tNew 
=   
quantity of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane Index 
Acti,tNew  
=  
Reference Price of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane 
Index at Rebalancing Date t of the Exane Index, expressed in the Base Currency 
Index(t) 
= 
value of the Exane Index at Rebalancing Date t of the Exane Index, expressed in the Base 
Currency 
F 
=  
Index Fees of the Exane Index equal to the percentage defined in the Specific Methodology 
n(t) 
= 
number of calendar or working days, as stated in the Specific Methodology, between the 
Creation Date of the Exane Index and Rebalancing Date t 
B 
= 
total number of calendar or working days per year, as stated in the Specific Methodology 
4.2. 
Mechanism specific to reinvestment of income and profits of an Index Component 
Each applicable Specific Methodology will specify how income and profits of an Index Component are taken 
into account. 
If the Specific Methodology states that the Exane Index takes into account the reinvestment of income and 
profits of an Index Component, the quantities of the Index Components are readjusted in the following manner to 
take into account payments of income and profits between two Rebalancing Dates, but without seeking to obtain 
a equal weighting of the Index Components.

--- Page 451 ---
451 
 
a)  
If the income and profits are reinvested in the Exane Index: 
 
where: 
Dt  
=  
the total amount of income and profits net of the withholding tax rate applicable in the 
country of domicile of each Index Component(i) at date t. 
𝐷𝑡= ∑𝐷𝑖,𝑡
𝑖=𝑁
𝑖=1
 
Di,t  
=  
the amount of income and profits net of the withholding tax rate applicable in the country of 
domicile of the Index Component(i) at date t, also equal to 
𝐷𝑖,𝑡= 𝑞𝑖,𝑡
𝑂𝑙𝑑× 𝑑𝑖,𝑡× (1 −𝑊𝑇𝑖) 
qi,tOld  
= 
the quantity of the Index Component(i) appearing in the previous composition of the Exane 
Index at date t 
q i,t New  
= 
the quantity of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane Index 
at date t 
Act i,t 
= 
the value of the Index Component(i) after the income and profits are paid on date t 
d i,t  
= 
the gross unit income and profits denominated in euros paid by the Index Component(i) at 
date t.  
WTi  
= 
the withholding tax rate applicable in the country of domicile of the Index Components(i) as 
defined in Appendix Y.  
If the Exane Index is calculated with gross income and profits reinvested, WTi will be equal to zero. 
b) 
If the income and profits for an Index Component(j’) are reinvested in the corresponding Index 
Component (j’), the following formula is applied for any j’: 
𝑞𝑗′,𝑡
𝑁𝑒𝑤= 𝑞𝑗′,𝑡
𝑂𝑙𝑑+ 𝐷𝑗′,𝑡
𝐴𝑐𝑡𝑗′,𝑡
 
where: 
Di,t  
=  
the amount of income and profits net of the withholding tax rate applicable in the country of 
domicile of the Index Component(j’) at date t, also equal to 
𝐷𝑗′,𝑡= 𝑞𝑗′,𝑡
𝑂𝑙𝑑× 𝑑𝑗′,𝑡× (1 −𝑊𝑇𝑗′) 
qj’,tOld  
= 
the quantity of the Index Component(j’) appearing in the previous composition of the Exane 
Index at date t 
q j’,t New  
= 
the quantity of the Index Component(j’) appearing in the new composition of the Exane Index 
at date t 
Act j’,t 
= 
the value of the Index Component(j’) after the income and profits are paid on date t 
d j’,t  
= 
the gross unit income and profits denominated in euros paid by the Index Component(j’) at 
date t.  
WTj’  
= 
the withholding tax rate applicable in the country of domicile of the Index Components(j’) as 
defined in Appendix Y. 
 
If the Exane Index is calculated with gross income and profits reinvested, WTj’ will be equal to zero. 
 
 
 












+

=
N
1
t;i
Old
t,i
t
Old
t,i
New
t,i
Act
q
D
1
q
q

--- Page 452 ---
452 
 
4.3. 
Rebalancing Cost for Debt Security Instruments: 
 
The Rebalancing Cost will be defined in the Specific Methodology using either the following formula or a fixed 
amount: 
𝐑𝐞𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐂𝐨𝐬𝐭= 𝐒𝐩𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐝
𝟐
+ 𝐀𝐝𝐝 𝐨𝐧 
Where: 
 
Spread  
=  
the difference between the BVAL ask and the BVAL bid of the Debt Security Instrument established 
by the Index Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to the corresponding 
Bloomberg HP calculation page unless specified otherwise into the Specific Methodology.  
 
Add on  =  
is specified in the Specific Methodology.

--- Page 453 ---
453 
 
Appendix 2 “Adjustments of the Exane Indices following an Event” 
 
 
 
Events means each event as specified here above (including the “Increase in Costs”, for the avoidance of doubt). 
General provisions 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Exane Index for the second Event and subsequent 
Events shall be made to the terms of the Exane Index, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
The Index Calculation Agent shall notify the Sponsor, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having 
made adjustments, modifications or cancellation as the case may be, to the terms of the Exane Index in accordance with 
this Appendix 2.  
Increase in Costs 
If the Sponsor incurs a materially increased (as compared with the circumstances existing on the Creation Date) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the rationale or functionality of the Exane 
Index, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) remove the relevant Index Component, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Index 
Component, (c) adjust any relevant terms of the Index Rules or (d) permanently cancel the Exane Index.  
Each Event Remedy will be published as per the paragraph 4 of the Appendix 1. 
 
1. Adjustments of Equity Instruments 
The Events applicable to an Equity Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
 
1.1. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
In the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Index Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of such event, determine whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including: 
- adjust the new Weighting of Equity Instruments to which the Exane Index henceforth relates, pursuant to the method 
applied by Stoxx (if applicable);  
- implement Substitution of the Exane Index; or 
- permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
Each Event Remedy will be published as per the paragraph 4 of the Appendix 1. 
Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(1) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Equity Instrument (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Equity Instrument to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalization or similar issue; 
(2) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Equity Instrument of (A) such Equity 
Instrument, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Equity 
Instruments, or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights 
or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing 
market price as determined by the Index Calculation Agent;

--- Page 454 ---
454 
 
(3) 
an extraordinary dividend which characterization of or portion thereof shall be determined by the Index 
Calculation Agent; 
(4) 
a call by the Company in respect of relevant Equity Instrument that are not fully paid 
(5) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Equity Instruments whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(6) 
in respect of the Company, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below 
their market value, as determined by the Index Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a 
result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any settlement of such rights;  
(7) 
a distribution of reserves in cash or in listed shares held in the Company’s portfolio or a redemption of share 
capital; or 
(8) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Equity 
Instruments. 
 
1.2. 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer  
a. Definitions 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means any takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person (the Offeror) that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or 
having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 % and less than 100 % of the outstanding 
voting shares of the Company, as determined by the Index Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Index Calculation Agent deems relevant.  
Successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means a Cash/Exchange Tender Offer the results of which have been 
published by the relevant Reference Market authorities. 
Offer Period means the period from (and including) the date on which the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer is officially 
announced by the Offeror in whatever manner to the competent supervisory authorities in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction, up to (but excluding) the date of the Tender Offer Date.  
b. Consequences 
If an Offer Period commences, the Index Calculation Agent may, having examined its characteristics and relevant 
practical arrangements, elect (a) to maintain the Equity Instrument or (b) replace it with the share issued by the Offeror. 
If the Index Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment during the Offer Period in accordance with the paragraph 
above and if the Company is the subject of a Successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer (the Tender Offer), the Index 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index, including electing (each, an Event 
Remedy) to (a) maintain the Equity Instrument, (b) replace the Equity Instrument with New Equity Instrument, (c) 
implement Substitution of the Equity Instrument or (d) permanently cancel the Exane Index.

--- Page 455 ---
455 
 
 
1.3. 
Merger 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Merger means, in respect of any relevant Equity Instruments, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Equity Instruments that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Equity Instruments outstanding to another entity or person;  
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company with or into another entity or 
person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of all of such Equity 
Instruments outstanding); 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 % of the outstanding Equity Instruments of the Company that results in a 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Equity Instruments (other than such Equity 
Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company or its subsidiaries with or 
into another entity in which the Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Equity Instruments outstanding but results in the outstanding Equity 
Instruments (other than Equity Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to 
such event collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding Equity Instruments immediately 
following such event (a "Reverse Merger"),  
in each case if the Event Effective Date is on or before, the last occurring Calculation Date. 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
In the event that a Merger occurs in respect of an Equity Instrument, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether 
to adjust the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Equity Instruments with New Equity 
Instruments or (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (c) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
1.4. 
Spin-off 
 
In the event of a spin-off of the Company (Spin-off), the Index Calculation Agent shall adjust the Exane Index (an 
Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Share with New Shares or (b) implement Substitution of the 
relevant Share. 
 
1.5. 
Nationalisation 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Nationalisation means that all the Equity Instruments or all or substantially all the assets of a Company are 
nationalized expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
 
b. 
Consequences

--- Page 456 ---
456 
 
The Index Calculation Agent shall adjust the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) if Nationalisation occurs in respect of an 
Equity Instrument, including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
1.6. 
 Insolvency  
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Company, (A) all the Equity Instruments of that Company are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Equity Instruments of that 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
The Index Calculation Agent shall adjust the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement 
Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument in the event of Insolvency or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
1.7. 
Change of Listing - compartment or Reference Market 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Change of Listing - compartment or Reference Market means that the Reference Market announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Reference Market, the Equity Instruments (A) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Reference Market for any reason (other than a Merger or Tender Offer), but are immediately re-listed, re-
traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Reference Market (or where 
the Reference Market is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) which is according to 
the Index Calculation Agent similar to the original Reference Market or (B) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on the original compartment Reference Market for any reason (other than a Merger or Tender Offer), 
and are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on another compartment of the Reference Market. 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
In the event of a Change of Listing - compartment or Reference Market in respect of an Equity Instrument, the Index 
Calculation Agent shall adjust the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of 
the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
1.8. 
Delisting 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Delisting means that the Reference Market announces that pursuant to the rules of such Reference Market, the Equity 
Instruments cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Reference Market for any reason (other 
than a Merger or Tender Offer), and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as the Reference Market (or where the Reference Market is within the European 
Union, in any Member State of the European Union).

--- Page 457 ---
457 
 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
If a Delisting occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the Exane 
Index. 
 
1.9. 
Correction of Reference Price of Equity Instrument 
 
If a Reference Price of Equity Instrument published on the Reference Market and used by the Index Calculation Agent 
for the purposes of any calculation (the Initial Calculation) is subsequently corrected and if the correction (the 
Corrected Value) is published on the relevant Reference Market within one relevant Settlement Cycle following the 
Initial Calculation, the Index Calculation Agent shall notify the Corrected Value to the Sponsor as soon as reasonably 
practicable and shall determine the relevant price of the Equity Instruments (the New Calculation) using the Corrected 
Value.  
If the result of the New Calculation is different than the result of the Initial Calculation, the Index Calculation Agent 
shall decide whether to (an Event Remedy), to the extent that it deems necessary, (a) adjust the Exane Index accordingly 
or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
1.10. Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Index 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under the Exane Index (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on its tax position). 
The Index Calculation Agent shall adjust the Exane Index (Event Remedy) if a Change in Law occurs , including 
electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
1.11. Insolvency Filing 
Insolvency Filing means that the Company institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
The Index Calculation Agent shall, if a Insolvency Filing occurs, decide whether to adjust the Exane Index (an Event 
Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel 
the Exane Index. 
 
1.12. Additional methods of adjustment for Depository Receipts 
a. If the Equity Instrument specified in the applicable Specific Methodology is an Underlying Share (Depository 
Receipt), the provisions of paragraph (1) above (Adjustment of Equity Instruments) shall apply, with references to 
Equity Instrument being replaced by references to the Underlying Share.

--- Page 458 ---
458 
 
b. If the Deposit Agreement is terminated, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust the Exane Index 
(an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
1.13. Additional methods of adjustment for ETFs 
If the Equity Instrument specified in the applicable Specific Methodology is an ETF unit, the following provisions shall 
apply. 
 
a. 
Adjustment of the ETF Underlying Index 
 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the 
Exane Index, if (i) the sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index materially amends the formula or method for calculating 
the ETF Underlying Index or makes any other material modification to the ETF Underlying Index (other than any 
modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain the ETF Underlying Index in the event of 
change to any of the shares comprised in the ETF Underlying Index, capitalisation or any other routine event), or (ii) the 
sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index fails to calculate and publish the ETF Underlying Index and no successor index 
using, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, a substantially similar formula and calculation method to that used 
for calculating the ETF Underlying Index is published, resulting in a material change to the price of the Equity 
Instrument. 
 
b. 
Change in Investment Policy  
 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the 
Exane Index, if the ETF Advisor of the Company makes or announces its intention to make a change to the investment 
objectives, risk profile or other investment guidelines of the Company, in any material respect, or makes any other 
substantial change to the terms and conditions of the Company, to the extent that the Equity Instruments cease, or are 
reasonably likely to cease, to replicate the ETF Underlying Index. 
 
c. 
 Liquidation 
 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), 
including electing (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the Exane 
Index, if due to the winding-up or voluntary or judicial liquidation of the ETF Administrator, the Equity Instruments 
have to be transferred to a manager, trustee, liquidator or other similar official, or the holders of the Equity Instruments 
are legally prohibited from transferring them. 
 
2. 
Adjustment applicable to Index Instruments 
2.1. 
Index Instruments  
The Events applicable to an Index Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
 
2.1.1 
Calculation and publication of an Index Instrument by a New Sponsor 
 
If an Index Instrument ceases to be calculated and/or published by the sponsor of such Index Instrument which exists on 
the Creation Date, but is calculated and/or published by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (the "New 
Sponsor"), the reference level of the Index Instrument shall be determined on the basis of the level of the Index 
Instrument as calculated and/or published by the New Sponsor.

--- Page 459 ---
459 
 
The name of the New Sponsor and the terms and conditions for the calculation and/or distribution of the Index 
Instrument shall be published as soon as possible. 
 
2.1.2 
Change in the calculation or replacement of an Index Instrument  
 
If, the sponsor or, if applicable, the New Sponsor of an Index Instrument announces that it will make a material change 
in the formula for or method of calculating that Index Instrument or in any other way materially modified that Index 
Instrument (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of 
changes in constituent stock and capitalization and other routine event), or if the Sponsor of such Index Instrument 
replaces by a successor index using, in the determination of the Index Calculation Agent, the same or substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index Instrument, then in each case such 
new index must be used as the new Index Instrument of the Exane Index, and the Index Calculation Agent will be 
entitled for the purpose of performing its obligation, either to: 
(a) 
use the Index Instrument so calculated or replace the Index Instrument with the new index, as applicable, by 
multiplying it, if necessary, by a factor that ensures the continuity of the Index Instrument used as the 
underlying index for the Exane Index; the Index Instrument so calculated or the new index, as applicable, as 
well as the factor, if necessary, shall be published as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
shall decide whether to make adjustments to any other terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the affected Index Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the Exane 
Index.  
 
2.1.3 
Non-publication or cessation of calculation of an Index Instrument  
 
If, on the Calculation Date or an earlier date, the original sponsor (which exists on the Creation Date) or the New 
Sponsor fails to publish or definitively stops calculating the Index Instrument without providing a new Index 
Instrument, or if it is no longer possible to use the Index Instrument as an Index Component of the Exane Index, the 
Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to make adjustments to any other terms of the Exane Index (an Event 
Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the affected Index Instrument or (b) permanently cancel 
the Exane Index. 
 
2.1.4 
Change in Law 
 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Index 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under the Exane Index (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust the other terms of the Exane 
Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Exane Index or (b) 
permanently cancel the Exane Index.

--- Page 460 ---
460 
 
2.2. 
Additional adjustment for Index Instrument which is a Proprietary Index 
 
2.2.1 Publication of a Substitute Proprietary Index 
 
If a Proprietary Index (i) ceases to be calculated and published by the Index Calculation Agent of such Proprietary 
Index and/or ceases to be published by the sponsor of such Proprietary Index but is calculated by a replacement ndex 
calculation agent (the Replacement Index Calculation Agent) acceptable to the Index Calculation Agent and/or is 
published by a replacement sponsor (the Replacement Sponsor) acceptable to the Index Calculation Agent, or (ii) is 
replaced by a new proprietary index which uses, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula and calculation method as that used to calculate such Proprietary Index then, in each case, 
such substitute Proprietary Index (the Substitute Exane Index) shall be deemed to be the Proprietary Index. 
 
2.2.2 Modification and cessation of calculation of a Proprietary Index 
 
If the sponsor, or if applicable, the Replacement Sponsor of a relevant Proprietary Index, announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula or method of calculating that Proprietary Index or in any other way materially modified 
that Proprietary Index (other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain such 
Proprietary Index in the event of change to any of the index components comprised in the Proprietary Index, their 
capitalisation or any other routine event) (Proprietary Index Modification) or permanently cancels the Proprietary 
Index and no Substitute Proprietary Index exists (Proprietary Index Cancellation), then the Index Calculation Agent 
shall decide whether to adjust any other terms of the Proprietary Index (an Event Remedy) by, in particular, (a) 
calculating the level of such Proprietary Index in accordance with the index rules in force prior to such modification or 
cancellation, but using only the index components immediately prior to such Proprietary Index Modification or 
Proprietary Index Cancellation, or (b) proceeding with Substitution of the Proprietary Index or (c) permanently 
cancelling the Exane Index. 
2.2.3 Change of index advisor 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index, if 
(i) the index advisor of such Proprietary Index ceases to perform its functions and no satisfactory successor, in the 
opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, has been appointed to replace it within five (5) Exchange Business Days 
following such event, (ii) there is a change of control of the index advisor or (iii) the index advisor is no longer able, in 
the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, to perform its functions with the same care and attention as prior to the 
Creation Date, in particular due to a legal or regulatory decision or decision of a supervisory authority or is the subject 
of judicial reorganisation, liquidation or insolvency proceedings or, at any time, ceases to honour its debts or is the 
subject of a temporary or permanent withdrawal of its licence, or is the subject of disciplinary or administrative 
proceedings initiated by its supervisory authorities or acts in a fraudulent manner or any other event occurs which, in 
the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, has a material adverse effect on the Proprietary Index. 
 
2.2.4. Change in Law 
 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Index 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under the Index Instrument (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position).

--- Page 461 ---
461 
 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any other terms of the Exane 
Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index or (b) 
permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
3. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Fund Instruments 
The Events applicable to a Fund Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
3.1. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
In the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) adjust the new Weighting of Fund Instrument to which each 
Exane Index henceforth relates or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
 means any of the following: 
(1). 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Instruments, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Instrument to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or 
similar issue; 
(2). 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Instrument of (A) an additional 
amount of such Fund Instrument, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Fund Instrument, or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type of 
securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than 
the prevailing market price as determined by the Index Calculation Agent; 
(3). 
an extraordinary dividend which characterization of or portion thereof shall be determined by Index the 
Calculation Agent; 
(4). 
a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Instrument whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Instrument initiated by an investor in 
such Fund Documents that is consistent with the Fund Documents; or 
(5). 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund 
Instrument. 
3.2. 
Merger  
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Merger means, in respect of any relevant Fund Instrument, any: 
(i) reclassification or change of such Fund Instrument that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Fund Instrument outstanding to another entity or person; 
(ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service 
Provider, as the context may require) with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding fund units exchange of all of such Fund Instrument outstanding);

--- Page 462 ---
462 
 
(iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase 
or otherwise obtain 100 % of the outstanding Fund Instrument of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as 
the context may require) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Fund Instruments 
(other than such Fund Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
(iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service 
Provider, as the context may require) or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Fund (or any 
applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require) is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Fund Instruments outstanding but results in the outstanding Fund Instruments 
(other than Fund Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50% of the outstanding Fund Instruments immediately following such event (a "Reverse 
Merger"). 
 
b. 
Consequences  
 
In the event that a Merger occurs in respect of a Fund Instrument, the Index Calculation Agent decide whether to adjust 
the other terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Fund Instruments with New 
Fund Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (c) permanently cancel the Exane 
Index. 
3.3. 
Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Fund (a Spin-Off), the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Fund Instruments with New Fund 
Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (c) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
3.4. 
Nationalization 
Nationalization means that all the Fund Instruments or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalized, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
In the event of Nationalization, the Index Calculation Agent shall c decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane 
Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.5. 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (i) all the Fund Instruments of that Fund are required to be 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally 
prohibited from transferring or redeeming them. 
In the event of Insolvency, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an 
Event Remedy), including (a) electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) permanently 
cancelling the Exane. 
3.6. 
Fund Instrument Insolvency Event 
A Fund Instrument Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Instrument, which the related Fund (or any 
applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require):

--- Page 463 ---
463 
 
(i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; 
(iii) (A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction 
of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency lax or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (B) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (A) above and either (x) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for tis winding-up or liquidation or 
(y) is not dismissed, discharger, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen (15) days of the institution or 
representation thereof; 
(iv) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(v) has secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or nay such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case, 
within fifteen (15) days thereafter; or 
(vi) cause or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (v) through (vi) above. 
In the event of a Fund Instrument Insolvency Event, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund 
Instrument or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.7. 
Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension  
Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension means that settlements and/or subscriptions in the Fund are suspended, 
postponed, reduced, subject to any threshold or other constraint or partially executed or the Fund is closed to 
subscriptions and settlements, for any reason, without having obtained the prior written consent of the Index Calculation 
Agent.  
If a Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument 
or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.8. 
Subscription and/or Settlement Modification 
Subscription Settlement Modification means that (a) new subscription and/or settlement costs for a relevant Fund 
Instrument are introduced, (b) the notice period for Fund Instrument subscriptions and/or settlements is modified 
without having obtained the prior written consent of the Index Calculation Agent or (c) the Fund modifies the terms and 
conditions at which subscription and/or settlement orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided in the 
Fund Documents as of the Creation Date of the Exane Index or implements a modification of the conditions at which 
subscription and/or settlement orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless as to whether the principle 
of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Creation Date of the Exane Index.

--- Page 464 ---
464 
 
If a Subscription and/or Settlement Modification occur(s), the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust 
any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund 
Instrument or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.9. 
Fees Modification 
Fees Modification means that (i) the Fund applies subscription or settlement fees that are higher than the subscription 
fees and the redemption fees respectively, as specified in the applicable Fund Documents at the Creation Date or (ii) the 
Fund applies any other fees (including any transaction fees or administrative costs) which are not specified in the Fund 
Documents at the Creation Date of the Exane Index. 
The Index Calculation Agent may adjust any terms of the Exane Index, including implementing Substitution of the 
relevant Fund Instrument if a Fees Modification occurs. 
3.10. Fund Documents Modification 
Fund Documents Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents from those 
prevailing on the Creation Date of the Exane Index that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund 
Instrument or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-end fund that becomes 
a closed-end fund) as determined by the Index Calculation Agent. 
If a Fund Documents Modifications occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.11. Fund Service Provider Event 
Fund Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation or termination of any Fund Service Provider and no 
successor deemed satisfactory in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent has been appointed within five (5) 
Exchange Business Days following such event, (b) a change of control or indirect control of the Fund Service Provider, 
(c) any Fund Service Provider is no longer able in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent to execute its duties with 
the same level of care and diligence as of the Creation Date of the Exane Index, in particular as a result of a legal, 
regulatory or supervisory decision, (d) any Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency 
Event, where “Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event” has the same meaning as a Fund Insolvency Event described 
above, (e) any Fund Service Provider fails to meet its financial commitments at any time, (f) any Fund Service Provider 
is subject to temporary or definitive withdrawal of its license or to disciplinary or administrative proceedings from its 
supervisory authorities or acts fraudulently in relation to the Fund, (g) in the reasonable opinion of the Index 
Calculation Agent, any Fund Service Provider is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the standard care 
which was prevailing on the Creation Date of the Exane Index, (h) the resignation, termination, death or replacement of 
any key person in the management of the Fund has occurred or (i) any other event which may, in the view of the Index 
Calculation Agent, have a material adverse effect on the Fund. 
If a Fund Service Provider Event occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.12. Net Asset Value Disruption 
Net Asset Value Disruption means that (a) the Fund does not determine its Net Asset Value in accordance with its 
Fund Documents (b) fails to publish its Net Asset Value in accordance with its Fund Documents or (c) fails to carry out 
any action necessary for such determination or publication.

--- Page 465 ---
465 
 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
(a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Net Asset Value Disruption occurs or (b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.13. Fund Modification 
Fund Modification means (i) any failure by the Fund Adviser to act in accordance with the investment objectives, risk 
profile or investment guidelines of the Fund, (ii) the imposition by any regulatory body of any restriction limiting the 
ability of any Fund Service Provider to buy or sell shares or other assets, (iii) any limitation on the ability of any Fund 
Service Provider to buy or sell shares or other assets, for reasons relating to liquidity, unfavourable market conditions or 
decrease in the value of the Fund's assets, or (iv) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or 
affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of 
government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or 
affecting the Fund or any of its assets, where, in each case, the Index Calculation Agent considers that such situation is 
unlikely to be remedied within a reasonable time. 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
(a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Fund Modification occurs or (b) permanently 
cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.14. Strategy Breach 
Strategy Breach means (1) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines specified in the relevant 
Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Instrument or risk profile of the Fund or the 
rights and remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Index Calculation Agent) (2) or, even 
where the Fund Documents are not modified, any material modification or effect, as determined by the Index 
Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Creation Date of the Exane 
Index or of the performance of the Fund by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or 
reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the 
assets of the Fund, which in each case does not necessarily involve an amendment of the Fund Documents. 
If a Strategy Breach occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index 
(an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) permanently 
cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.15. Decrease of Assets Under Management 
Decrease of Assets Under Management means that the Index Calculation Agent determines that during the last twelve 
(12) month period, the total value of the assets managed by the Management Company or the Fund Adviser (including 
the Fund) has decreased by fifty per cent (50%) (due to either a settlement or decrease in the value of such assets). 
If a Decrease of Assets Under Management occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument 
or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.16. Regulatory Action 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Instrument: 
(i) 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund or its Fund Instrument by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund or its Fund Instrument;

--- Page 466 ---
466 
 
(ii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the Fund or its Fund Service Provider 
which is likely, in the reasonable opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, to have an adverse impact on the 
value of such Fund Instrument or on any investor in the relevant Fund; or  
(iii) 
the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service 
Provider. 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
(a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Regulatory Action occurs or (b) permanently 
cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.17. Breach of Related Contract(s) 
Breach of Related Contracts means that the Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service 
Provider (i) fails to perform or breaches its obligations under any contract relating to the management of the Fund or 
any other contract relating to such Fund (the Related Contracts), (ii) terminate the Related Contract(s) for reasons 
beyond the control of the Sponsor, (iii) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the 
validity of such Related Contract(s). The Related Contracts may include, among other, any agreement entered into by 
the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service Provider with the Sponsor. 
If a Breach of Related Contract(s) occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.18. Know Your Fund Procedures 
Know Your Fund Procedures means that, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, the Fund does not comply, in 
full or in part, with the "know your fund" procedures (including in particular its obligations in respect of money-
laundering and terrorism financing).  
If a Know Your Fund Procedures occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instruments or (b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.19. Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or 
new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that the 
Sponsor will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Exane Index or the Related 
Contract(s) (as referred to in section (P) (Breach of Related Contracts) above) entered into by the Sponsor with the 
Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service Provider (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Index Calculation Agent decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an 
Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instruments or (b) permanently cancelling 
the Exane Index.

--- Page 467 ---
467 
 
3.20. Reporting Disruption 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Instrument, (i) occurrence of any event affecting such Fund 
Instrument that, in the determination of the Index Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the 
Index Calculation Agent to determine the value of such Fund Instrument, and such event continues for at least the time 
period specified in the related Specific Methodology or, if no such time period is specified, the foreseeable future; (ii) 
any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, 
or cause to be delivered to the Index Calculation Agent, or (B) information that has been previously delivered to the 
Index Calculation Agent in accordance with such Funds, or its authorised representative’s, normal practice and that the 
Index Calculation Agent deems necessary for it to monitor such Fund’s compliance with any investment guidelines, 
asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund Instruments. 
If a Reporting Disruption occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane 
Inde (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) permanently 
cancelling the Exane Index if no other other Event Remedy constitutes suitable remedy for such Event, as determined 
by the Technical Committee. 
3.21. Other events 
If any other event occurs and in the reasonable opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, affect the value or risk profile of 
the relevant Fund Instruments, the Index Calculation Agent may adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Exane), 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument, or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane 
Index. 
 
4. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Futures Contract Instruments 
The Events applicable to a Futures Contract Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
4.1. 
Futures Contract Instruments listed by a third party 
If the Futures Contract Instrument is not listed by the Reference Market, but is listed by another person or party (the 
Third Party) who has been nominated by the Reference Market or any other competent market authority, the 
Reference Market shall be replaced by the Third Party.  
The same shall apply if the Third Party ceases to quote the price of the Futures Contract Instrument, but is replaced by 
another Third Party nominated as provided above.  
4.2. 
Modification of the specific terms, or replacement, of the Futures Contract Instrument 
If the Reference Market, the Third Party or the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument modifies, in any material 
respect, the formula or calculation method for the Futures Contract Instrument or makes any other material modification 
to the Futures Contract Instrument (other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to 
maintain the Futures Contract Instrument in the event of a change to the Futures Contract Underlying) or if the 
Reference Market, any other competent market authority or the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument replaces the 
Futures Contract Instrument with a new futures contract, such new Futures Contract Instrument to be used as the new 
underlying of the Exane Index, the Index Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
may replace the Futures Contract Instrument with the modified Futures Contract Instrument or with the new 
substitute futures contract (as the case may be) multiplying it, if necessary, by a factor that ensures continuity 
in the evolution of the underlying instrument of the Exane Index. The new or amended Futures Contract 
Instrument (as the case may be) and, if necessary, the factor, shall be notified to the Sponsor by the Index 
Calculation Agent as soon as possible; or

--- Page 468 ---
468 
 
(b) 
shall decide whether to make adjustments to any other terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract Instrument or (b) permanently cancel 
the Exane Index. Cessation of price quotations for the Futures Contract Instrument 
If the Reference Market or Third Party permanently ceases to quote prices for the Futures Contract Instrument and does 
not provide a new futures contract instrument, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to make adjustments to 
any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Futures 
Contract Instrument (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index.  
4.3. 
Calculation and publication of the Futures Contract Instrument by a sponsor 
If the Futures Contract Instrument (i) is not calculated and published by the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument, 
but is calculated and published by a successor sponsor deemed acceptable by the Index Calculation Agent, or (ii) is 
replaced by a successor contract which, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, utilises the same, or a 
substantially similar, formula and calculation method as those used to calculate the Futures Contract Instrument, such 
contract (the Successor Futures Contract Instrument) shall be deemed to be the Futures Contract Instrument, and the 
Appendix 2 shall be interpreted accordingly. 
4.4. 
Publication of the Reference Price of the Futures Contract Instrument 
If the Reference Market, or as the case may be, the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument fails to publish the 
Reference Price of the Futures Contract Instrument, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract 
Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index.  
4.5. 
Change in Law  
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation, order, regulatory decision, any order of any regulatory or 
taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any 
change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Index Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Exane Index (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an 
Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancel the Exane Index.  
 
5. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Debt Security Instruments 
5.1. 
Correction of the Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument  
If the Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument published by the relevant Reference Market or obtained by the 
Index Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is corrected to a material extent after the Calculation Date, then the 
corrected price shall be deemed to be the Reference Price of the Debt Security Instrument applicable on the Calculation 
Date. 
5.2. 
Merger 
In the event that the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instrument) merges with, or is absorbed by, another issuer 
company (other than a merger of which the issuer Company is the surviving entity) (the Merger), the Index Calculation 
Agent shall decide whether to elect (an Event Remedy) to (a) replace the Debt Security Instruments with New Debt

--- Page 469 ---
469 
 
Security Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument or (c) permanently cancel the 
Exane Index. 
5.3. 
Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instrument) (Spin-off), the Index Calculation 
Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including to (a) replace the Debt 
Security Instruments with New Debt Security Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Debt Security 
Instrument or (c) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
5.4. 
Insolvency, Restructuring and Deterioration of the Company 
The Index Calculation Agent decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index, (i) in the 
event of a Debt Security Instrument Bankruptcy, (ii) acceleration of the Debt Security Instrument, (iii) restructuring of 
the Debt Security Instrument, either by a reduction of the initially specified rate or amount of interest payable or 
accruing, a reduction in the amount of any premium or principal due at maturity or on the initially specified settlement 
dates, or any postponement of any date or dates on which it is provided (x) that an interest payment is to be made or 
interest begins to accrue or (y) that a repayment of principal or payment of any premium is to be made, or any lowering 
of the priority ranking or status of the Debt Security Instrument, or any change in the monetary unit in which 
repayments of principal or payments of interest must be made, or in their composition, or (iv) any material deterioration 
in the financial situation of the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instrument), in the opinion of the Index 
Calculation Agent.  
5.5. 
Change to the Debt Security Instrument Nominal Value 
In the event of a change to the Debt Security Instrument Nominal Value, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide 
whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including (a) adjust the new Weighting of Debt 
Security Instruments to which each Exane Index henceforth relates or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index.  
For this purpose, Debt Security Instrument Nominal Value means the nominal value assigned to the Debt Security 
Instrument. 
5.6. 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer  
If an Offer Period commences, the Index Calculation Agent may, having examined its characteristics and relevant 
practical arrangements, elect (a) to maintain the Debt Security Instrument, (b) replace it with the debt instrument issued 
by the Offeror or (c) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
If the Index Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment during the Offer Period in accordance with the paragraph 
below and if the Company is the subject of a successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer (the Tender Offer), the Index 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including (a) to 
maintain the Debt Security Instrument as an Index Component, (b) replace the Debt Security Instrument with the 
Substitute Debt Security Instrument, (c) implement Substitution of the Debt Security Instrument or (d) permanently 
cancel the Exane Index. 
For the purposes of this section (Cash/Exchange Tender Offer): 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means any acquisition offer made by one or more legal entities (or if applicable one or 
more individuals) (the Offeror) in respect of one or more Debt Security Instruments giving rights to share capital in the 
Company(ies) under the relevant national law, and for a fixed price.

--- Page 470 ---
470 
 
Offer Period means the period from (and including) the date on which the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer is officially 
announced by the Offeror in whatever manner to the competent supervisory authorities in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction, up to (but excluding) the date of the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer. 
5.7. 
Buy-Back Offer 
In the event of a buy-back offer by the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instruments) (the Buy-Back Offer), the 
Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including 
electing (an Event Remedy): 
(a) 
to maintain the relevant Debt Security Instrument as an Index Component of the Exane Index, or 
(b) 
to replace the relevant Debt Security Instrument with the debt instrument issued by the Company, or 
(c) 
to liquidate the relevant Debt Security Instruments, or 
(d) 
permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
5.8. 
Financial default 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including 
(a) proceeding with the Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane 
Index, (i) if a hypothetical investor in a Debt Security Instrument has not received all or any of the coupons and/or 
principal on the dates specified in the applicable Debt Security Instrument documentation in force on the Creation Date; 
or (ii) if an event occurs that may have the same consequences such as a restructuring, insolvency, repudiation or 
moratorium (Financial Default). 
5.9. 
Change in law 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including 
(a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane Index 
if, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any regulatory or taxation authority, or any regulation, rule or 
procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation 
authority), the Index Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Exane Index (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
 
6. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Listed Option Instruments 
6.1. 
Listed Option Instrument listed by a third party 
If the Listed Option Instrument is not listed by the Exchange, but is listed by another person or party which has been 
nominated by the Exchange or any other competent market authority (the Third Party), the Exchange shall be replaced 
by the Third Party.  
The same shall apply if the Third Party ceases to quote the price of the Listed Option Instrument, but is replaced by 
another Third Party nominated as provided above. 
6.2. 
Modification of the terms applicable to the Listed Option, or replacement, of the Listed Option

--- Page 471 ---
471 
 
If the Exchange or the Third Party substantially amends the terms applicable to the Listed Option or if the Exchange or 
the Third Party replaces the Listed Option with another listed option, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether 
to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including: 
(a) 
replacing the Listed Option Instrument with the amended Listed Option Instrument or by another listed 
option, as applicable and by applying, if necessary, an adjustment coefficient ensuring that the relevant Listed 
Option Instrument may continue to be used for the Exane Index. The amended Listed Option Instrument or 
the other listed option, as the case may be, and, if necessary, the adjustment coefficient shall be notified as 
soon as possible to the Sponsor by the Index Calculation Agent as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
implementing Substitution of the Listed Option; 
(c) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
6.3. 
Cessation of price quotations on the Listed Option 
If the exchange or Third Party permanently ceases to quote prices for the Listed Option Instrument, the Index 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including: 
(a) 
implementing Substitution of the Listed Option. 
(b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
6.4. 
Change in Law 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including 
(a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Listed Option Instrument or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane Index 
if, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any regulatory or taxation authority, or any regulation, rule or 
procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation 
authority), the Index Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Exane Index (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
 
7. Adjustment methods applicable to FX Instruments Instruments 
 
(a) Substitution of a domestic currency with another domestic currency  
In the event that an FX Instruments relates to a domestic currency that is replaced by another currency (the Substitute 
Currency), the Substitute Currency shall be used in place of the replaced domestic currency, using the fixed conversion 
rate between such domestic currency and the Substitute Currency, as established by the relevant authorities.  
(b) Currency of a Member State of the European Union participating in the third phase of economic and 
monetary union introduced on 1 January 1999  
In the event that an FX Instruments relates to a domestic currency that will be replaced by the euro due to participation 
of a Member State of the European Union in the third phase of economic and monetary union introduced on 1 January 
1999, the domestic currency shall be converted into euro using the fixed conversion rate between such domestic 
currency and the euro, as established by the Council of the European Union in accordance with article 123 (4) of the 
Treaty, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest one-hundredth of a euro (0.005 euro being rounded-up to the next 
highest one hundredth of a euro).

--- Page 472 ---
472 
 
(c) Cessation of publication of FX Instruments 
If the Price Source permanently ceases to publish the FX Instruments and no Substitute FX Instruments is available, 
the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant FX Instruments. 
(d) Change in Law 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including implementing 
Substitution of the relevant FX Instruments if, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in 
any law (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation, order, regulatory decision, any order of any 
regulatory or taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith 
that (X) it has become illegal or contrary to any applicable regulation for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or dispose 
of the relevant FX Instruments /Hedged Positions in relation to such Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in 
tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
 
 
8. Adjustment methods applicable to OTC Derivatives Instruments 
 
In case of the occurrence of an event of default or a termination event as defined into the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement 
or 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) 
which cause the early termination of the OTC Derivatives Instrument, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether 
to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including:  
(a)  
replacing the OTC Derivatives Instrument with the amended OTC Derivatives Instrument or by another OTC 
Derivatives Instrument, as applicable and by applying, if necessary, an adjustment coefficient ensuring that 
the relevant Listed Option Instrument may continue to be used for the Exane Index. The amended OTC 
Derivatives Instrument or the other OTC derivatives instrument, as the case may be, and, if necessary, the 
adjustment coefficient shall be notified as soon as possible to the Sponsor by the Index Calculation Agent as 
soon as possible; or 
(b) 
implementing Substitution of the OTC Derivatives Instrument; 
(c) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index

--- Page 473 ---
473 
 
 
Appendix X - List of Admissible Markets and Admissible Quote Currencies 
Admissible Markets 
Admissible Quote Currencies 
EURONEXT Brussels (BE) 
EUR 
EURONEXT Paris (FR) 
EUR 
EURONEXT Amsterdam (NL) 
EUR 
EURONEXT Lisbon (PT) 
EUR 
London Stock Exchange 
GBP 
Milan Stock Exchange 
EUR 
OMX - Helsinki Stock Exchange (FI) 
EUR 
OMX - Copenhagen Stock Exchange (DK) 
DKK 
OMX - Stockholm Stock Exchange (SE) 
SEK 
OMX - Rekjavik Stock Exchange (IS) 
ISK 
Oslo Stock Exchange 
NOK 
SIBE Stock Exchange 
EUR 
Virt-x, SWX Swiss Exchange 
CHF 
Xetra - Vienna Stock Exchange (AT) 
EUR 
Xetra - German Stock Exchange (DE) 
EUR 
Xetra - Irish Stock Exchange (IE) 
EUR 
Nasdaq 
USD 
NYSE 
USD 
Tokyo Stock Exchange 
YEN 
HKEX – Hong Kong Stock Exchange 
HKD 
SGX – Singapore Exchange 
SGD 
CSE – Canadian Securities Exchange 
CAD 
ASX – Australian Securities Exchange 
AUD

--- Page 474 ---
474 
 
Appendix Y - List of Withholding Tax applicable to dividends 
 
The withholding tax rate applicable to dividends in the country of domicile (“Withholding Tax”) is the one applied by 
STOXX ©, as adjusted from time to time, available on the site www.stoxx.com/indices/taxes.html as of 21 July 2021 
and detailed in the table below for information purposes only. 
 
Country 
Code 
Withholding tax 
Argentina 
AR 
7.00% 
Australia 
AU 
30.00% 
Austria 
AT 
27.50% 
Bahamas 
BS 
0.00% 
Bahrain 
BH 
0.00% 
Belgium 
BE 
30.00% 
Bermuda 
BM 
0.00% 
Brazil 
BR 
0.00% 
Bulgaria 
BG 
5.00% 
Canada 
CA 
25.00% 
Cayman Islands 
KY 
0.00% 
Chile 
CL 
35.00% 
China 
CN 
10.00% 
Colombia 
CO 
37.10% 
Croatia 
HR 
12.00% 
Curaçao 
CW 
0.00% 
Cyprus 
CY 
0.00% 
Czech Republic 
CZ 
15.00% 
Denmark 
DK 
27.00% 
Egypt 
EG 
10.00% 
Estonia 
EE 
0.00% 
Finland 
FI 
30.00% 
France 
FR 
28.00% 
Germany 
DE 
26.38% 
Greece 
GR 
5.00% 
Hong Kong 
HK 
0.00% 
Hungary 
HU 
0.00% 
Iceland 
IS 
20.00% 
India 
IN 
0.00% 
Indonesia 
ID 
20.00% 
Ireland 
IE 
25.00% 
Isle of Man 
IM 
0.00% 
Israel 
IL 
25.00% 
Italy 
IT 
26.00% 
Japan 
JP 
20.315% 
Jersey 
JE 
0.00% 
Jordan 
JO 
0.00% 
Kuwait 
KW 
0.00% 
Latvia 
LV 
0.00% 
Liberia 
LR 
15.00% 
Liechtenstein 
LI 
0.00% 
Lithuania 
LT 
15.00% 
Luxembourg 
LU 
15.00% 
Macedonia (FYROM) 
MK 
10.00% 
Malaysia 
MY 
0.00% 
Malta 
MT 
0.00% 
Marshall Islands 
MH 
0.00% 
Mauritius 
MU 
0.00% 
Mexico 
MX 
10.00% 
Morocco 
MA 
15.00% 
Netherlands 
NL 
15.00% 
New Zealand 
NZ 
33.00% 
Nigeria 
NG 
10.00% 
Norway 
NO 
25.00% 
Oman 
OM 
10.00% 
Pakistan 
PK 
12.50% 
Panama 
PA 
20.00% 
Papua New Guinea 
PG 
15.00% 
Peru 
PE 
5.00% 
Philippines 
PH 
30.00% 
Poland 
PL 
19.00% 
Portugal 
PT 
25.00% 
Qatar 
QA 
0.00% 
Romania 
RO 
5.00%

--- Page 475 ---
475 
 
Country 
Code 
Withholding tax 
Russia 
RU 
15.00% 
Saudi Arabia 
SA 
5.00% 
Serbia 
RS 
20.00% 
Singapore 
SG 
0.00% 
Slovak Republic 
SK 
35.00% 
Slovenia 
SI 
15.00% 
South Africa 
ZA 
20.00% 
South Korea 
KR 
22.00% 
Spain 
ES 
19.00% 
Sri Lanka 
LK 
14.00% 
Sweden 
SE 
30.00% 
Switzerland 
CH 
35.00% 
Taiwan 
TW 
21.00% 
Thailand 
TH 
10.00% 
Tunisia 
TN 
10.00% 
Turkey 
TR 
15.00% 
Ukraine 
UA 
15.00% 
United Arab Emirates 
AE 
0.00% 
United Kingdom 
GB 
0.00% 
USA 
US 
30.00% 
Venezuela 
VE 
34.00% 
Vietnam 
VN 
0.00% 
British Virgin Islands 
VG 
0.00%

--- Page 476 ---
476 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix Z - List of the 17 market makers 
 
BCSB 
Barclays 
CAED 
Crédit Agricole 
CG 
Citigroup 
CS 
Crédit Suisse 
DB 
Deutsche Bank Group 
DMG 
Deutsche Bank Securities 
EXA 
Exane 
GOLD 
Goldman Sachs 
JJEY 
Jefferies 
KNGS 
KNG Securities 
MS 
Morgan Stanley 
NMDP 
Nomura 
NXED 
Natixis 
PARS 
BNP 
CG 
Citigroup 
SGEN 
Société Générale 
WDRL 
UBS

--- Page 477 ---
477 
 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES 
 
“Exane Apollo” 
“Exane Apollo NTR” 
“Exane Apollo EUR-H” 
“Exane Apollo USD-H” 
“Exane Apollo CHF-H” 
 
 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
This document, published by Exane Derivatives, constitutes the specific methodology for the Exane Apollo, Exane 
Apollo NTR, the Exane Apollo EUR-H, the Exane Apollo USD-H and the Exane Apollo CHF-H indices (the “Specific 
Methodology”). 
Together 
with 
the 
General 
Methodology 
(available 
within 
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
at 
www.exane.com/exaneIssues), the Specific Methodology defines the formulae and the procedures for their construction 
and calculation. 
 
The Exane Apollo, Exane Apollo NTR, Apollo EUR-H, Apollo CHF-H and Apollo USD-H Indices are Proprietary 
Indices as stated in the applicable Base Prospectus (available at https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues) and shall hereafter 
be referred to respectively as the “Exane Index”, the “Exane NTR Index”, the “Exane EUR-H Index” , the “Exane 
CHF-H Index” and the “Exane USD-H Index” or collectively as the “Exane Indices”. 
 
Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the General Methodology. 
 
 
2. 
General Index Terms 
 
Bloomberg Code 
EXDMAPOL for the Exane NTR Index 
EXDMAPOP for the Exane Index 
EXDMAPEH for the Exane EUR-H 
EXDMAPUH for the Exane USD-H 
EXDMAPCH for the Exane CHF-H 
 
  
Calculation Agent 
Exane Derivatives 
Creation Date 
07/09/2020 
Creation Value 
1 000.00 
Base Currency 
Euro (EUR) 
US dollar (USD) for the Exane USD-H 
Swiss Franc (CHF) for the Exane CHF-H  
Exane Index 
Exane Apollo 
Exane Total Return Index 
Exane Apollo NTR 
Exane EUR-H Index 
Exane Apollo EUR-H 
Exane USD-H Index 
Exane Apollo USD-H 
Exane CHF-H Index 
Exane Apollo CHF-H 
Index Family 
Equity 
Index Components 
Equity Instruments, Index 
Index Components for the Exane 
EUR-H, USD,-H, CHF-H 
The Exane Total Return Index 
The Foreign monetary indices 
The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF Monetary 
Index 
Foreign monetary indices 
The following non exhaustive list of monetary indices: 
- 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3CHF) 
- 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3DKK) 
- 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3GBP) 
- 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code:

--- Page 478 ---
478 
 
EXDM3HKD) 
- 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HUF) 
- 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3JPY) 
- 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3NOK) 
- 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3PLN) 
- 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3SEK) 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3USD) 
EUR Monetary Index 
Exane EUR 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3EUR) 
USD Monetary Index 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3USD) 
CHF Monetary Index 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3CHF) 
Index Fees 
0.20% 
Index Format 
Price Return for the Exane Index 
Net Total Return for the Exane NTR Index 
Net Total Return for the Exane EUR-H Index, USD-H, CHF-H 
Rebalancing frequency 
Ad-hoc, for the Exane EUR-H, Exane USD-H, Exane CHF-H each time there is 
a rebalancing on the Exane Total Return Index 
Number of Rebalancing Days 
1 Calculation Date 
Administrator/Sponsor 
Exane Derivatives 
Advisor 
the Index Committee 
 
 
3. 
Objective of the Exane Indices 
 
The Exane Indices are based on a bottom-up selection of international stocks determined by the Index Committee. The 
selected equities are expected to be driven by the return of state interventionism for the coming years, according to 
investment themes identified by the Exane Research and sales recommendation. This selection will also notably be 
based on Exane BNP-Paribas’s stock analyst recommendations. 
 
 
The objective of the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index is to be exposed to 
the performance of the Exane Total Return Index with a dynamic hedge against the variations of the Exane Total Return 
Index components due to variations of foreign currencies against the Base Currency. The foreign exchange hedging is 
implemented with a borrowing position on the foreign currencies and a lending position on the Base Currency. This 
position is renewed each time there is a rebalancing on the Underlying Index. 
 
 
4. 
Construction and Calculation Rules of the Exane Indices 
 
4.1. 
Composition of the Exane Indices 
 
 It is built as follows: 
 
- The Investment Universe is made of European exchange traded stocks 
- The components will invest as closely as possible the different thematics of the Exane Apollo approach as defined by 
Exane Asset Allocation’s team 
- Each component having an Exane BNPP recommendation has to be at least rated as “outperform” or “neutral” 
- Equal weighting of components at each reshuffle 
The turnover of the selection will notably depend on the intrinsic turnover of the Apollo approach and the 
recommendation’s change at Exane BNPP-Paribas. 
The Index Components are selected based on the process described above and in accordance with the Technical 
Eligibility Criteria as described in paragraph 3 of the General Methodology. 
 
The Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index are composed of the following Index 
Components: 
- The Exane Total Return Index,

--- Page 479 ---
479 
 
- The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF Monetary Index 
- The following non exhaustive list of foreign monetary indices depending on which currencies of the 
Underlying Index Components have to be hedged on the Rebalancing Date: 
 
 
i 
Foreign monetary index i 
Foreign currency i 
Bloomberg Code 
1 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Swiss Franc (CHF) 
EXDM3CHF 
2 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Danish Krone (DKK) 
EXDM3DKK 
3 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Sterling Pound (GBP) 
EXDM3GBP 
4 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) 
EXDM3HKD 
5 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hungarian Forint (HUF) 
EXDM3HUF 
6 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Japanese Yen (JPY) 
EXDM3JPY 
7 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Norwegian Krone (NOK) 
EXDM3NOK 
8 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Polish Zloty (PLN) 
EXDM3PLN 
9 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Swedish Krona (SEK) 
EXDM3SEK 
10 Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
U.S. Dollar (USD) 
EXDM3USD 
 
 
 
4.2. 
Calculation Method of the Exane Indices 
 
4.2.1. Reinvestment mechanism of income and profits of an Index Component 
 
The Exane Index is calculated without reinvestment of income and profits. 
 
The Exane NTR Index is calculated with income and profits reinvested (after potential withholding tax) in 
the Exane NTR Index converted into the Base Currency and paid either in shares or in cash (Net Total 
Return). 
 
4.2.2. Weighting of the Index Components on each Rebalancing Date 
 
The Index Components are equally-weighted on each Rebalancing Date for the Exane Index and the 
Exane Total Return Index. 
 
For the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index on any Rebalancing 
Date 𝑑, the weights of the Index Components are determined in accordance with the following rules: 
- 
The weight of the Exane Total Return Index is equal to 100%, 
- 
The weight of each Foreign Monetary Index 𝑖, 𝑤𝑖(𝑑), is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
𝑤𝑖(𝑑) =
{
 
 
 
 −∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑)
𝑆𝑖
1
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) ≥1%
𝑆𝑖
1
0
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) < 1%
𝑆𝑖
1
 
 
- 
The weight of the EUR Monetary Index ((𝒘𝑬𝑰(𝒅)), resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF 
Monetary Index are calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 480 ---
480 
 
𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) = −∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑)
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
 
With: 
𝑆𝑖 
is the total number of Components of the Exane Total Return Index 
denominated in foreign currency 𝑖, 
𝑧𝑗(𝑑)  
is the weight of the jth share of the Exane Total Return Index denominated 
in foreign currency 𝑖 on Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝑛𝐹𝐶  
is the number of foreign currencies of the Exane Total Return Index 
components to be hedged in the Exane Index on Rebalancing 𝑑. 
  
 
4.2.3. Foreign exchange risk 
 
The foreign exchange risk, if any, is not hedged in the Exane Index and in the Exane Total Return Index. 
The prices of the Index Components are expressed in the Base Currency and can be converted as 
stipulated in Appendix 1 of the General Methodology “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices”. 
 
4.3. 
Calculation Formulas 
 
The Calculation Agent of the Exane Indices will use the calculation formulas as mentioned in Appendix 1 
“Calculation Method of the Exane Indices” of the General Methodology using the following criteria: 
 
 
Index Fees “F” are equal to 0.20% 
 
B is equal to 252. 
 
n(t) is the number of Calculation Dates between the Creation Date of the Exane Indices and Calculation 
Date t. 
 
Clause 4.1.2 cont. “Weighting of the Index Components at each Rebalancing Date” will apply. 
 
Clause 4.2 a) “Mechanism specific to reinvestment of income and profits of an Index Component” will 
apply to the Exane NTR Index.  
 
 
On any Calculation Date 𝑡, the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index and the Exane CHF-H Index are 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐸𝐼𝑡
𝐸𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝑈𝐼𝑡
𝑈𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐶𝐼𝑡
𝐶𝐼𝑑
)] 
 
 
With: 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane EUR-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane USD-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑,

--- Page 481 ---
481 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane CHF-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Exane Total Return Index on Calculation 
Date 𝑡, 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane Total Return Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on Calculation 
Date 𝑡, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐵 
is equal to 360, 
𝑛𝑏𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑑𝑎𝑦𝑠(𝑑, 𝑡) 
is the number of calendar days between the last Rebalancing Date 𝑑 and 
Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR (expressed 
as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Calculation Date 𝑡 as defined in 
the General Methodology, 
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR (expressed 
as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Rebalancing Date 𝑑 as defined in 
the General Methodology, 
𝐸𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Euro Monetary Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐸𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝑈𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Euro Monetary Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝑈𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝐶𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Euro Monetary Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐶𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
 
 
5. 
Publication 
 
Any information regarding the Exane Indices is available on the website www.exane.com. 
The latest valuations of Exane Indices, including performance and 1-year volatility, are available on Bloomberg Page 
<ALLX EXDM>.

--- Page 482 ---
482 
 
 
Disclaimer: Conflicts of Interest 
 
The calculation and publication of the values of the Exane Proprietary Index by Exane Derivatives requires the 
calculation of Index values based on predetermined rules set out in the Index calculation methodology by Exane 
Derivatives, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exane SA.  
This step may give rise to conflicts of interest. The principal negative impact of such conflicts of interest would 
challenge the independence of the Index calculation process.  
The impartiality and independence of the Exane Proprietary Index calculation process is guaranteed by the procedure 
for managing conflicts of interest at Exane. 
The 
conflicts 
of 
interest 
management 
policy 
can 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
address:  
https://www.exane.com/pdf/corporate/mifidConflitFR.pdf 
 
Disclosure 
 
This index does not specifically pursue alignment with the target of reducing carbon emissions or with the long-
term global warming target of the Paris Climate Agreement.

--- Page 483 ---
483 
 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES 
 
“Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery NTR” 
“Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery EUR-H” 
“Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery USD-H” 
“Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery CHF-H” 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
This document, published by Exane Derivatives, constitutes the specific methodology for the Exane Explorer Consumer 
Recovery NTR, the Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery EUR-H, the Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery USD-H and 
the Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery CHF-H Indices (the “Specific Methodology”). Together with the General 
Methodology (available within the Base Prospectus at www.exane.com/exaneIssues), the Specific Methodology defines 
the formulae and the procedures for their construction and calculation. 
 
The Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery NTR, Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery EUR-H, Exane Explorer 
Consumer Recovery USD-H and Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery CHF-H Indices are Proprietary Indices as stated 
in the applicable Base Prospectus (available at https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues) and shall hereafter be referred to 
respectively as the “Exane NTR Index”, the “Exane EUR-H Index”, the “Exane USD-H Index” and the “Exane CHF-H 
Index” or collectively as the “Exane Indices”. 
 
Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the General Methodology. 
 
 
2. 
General Index Terms 
 
Bloomberg Code 
EXDMCONS for the Exane NTR Index 
EXDMCOEH for the Exane EUR-H 
EXDMCOUH for the Exane USD-H 
EXDMCOCH for the Exane CHF-H 
 
 
  
Calculation Agent 
Exane Derivatives 
Creation Date 
14/04/2021 
Creation Value 
1 000.00 
Base Currency 
Euro (EUR) 
Euro (EUR) for the Exane EUR-H  
US dollar (USD) for the Exane USD-H 
Swiss Franc (CHF) for the Exane CHF-H 
Exane NTR Index 
Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery NTR 
Exane EUR-H Index 
Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery EUR-H 
Exane USD-H Index 
Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery USD-H 
Exane CHF-H Index 
Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery CHF-H 
Index Family 
Equity 
Index Components 
Equity Instruments, Index 
Index Components for the Exane 
EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H 
Index and the Exane CHF-H 
Index 
The Exane NTR Index  
The Foreign monetary indices 
The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index and the CHF 
Monetary Index.  
Foreign monetary indices 
The following non exhaustive list of monetary indices: 
- 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3CHF) 
- 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3DKK) 
- 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3GBP)

--- Page 484 ---
484 
 
- 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HKD) 
- 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HUF) 
- 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3JPY) 
- 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3NOK) 
- 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3PLN) 
- 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3SEK) 
- 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3USD) 
EUR Monetary Index 
Exane EUR 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3EUR) 
USD Monetary Index 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3USD) 
CHF Monetary Index 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3CHF) 
Index Fees 
0.20% 
Index Format 
Net Total Return for the Exane NTR Index 
Net Total Return for the Exane EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H Index and the 
Exane CHF-H Index 
Rebalancing frequency 
Ad-hoc for the Exane NTR Index, each time there is a rebalancing on the Exane 
NTR Index for the Exane EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H Index and the Exane 
CHF-H Index 
Number of Rebalancing Days 
1 Calculation Date 
Administrator/Sponsor 
Exane Derivatives 
Advisor 
the Index Committee 
 
 
3. 
Objective of the Exane Indices 
 
The Exane Indices are based on a bottom-up selection of international stocks determined by the Index Committee. The 
selected equities are expected to be driven by the consumption for the next years, according to investment themes 
identified by the Exane Research and sales recommendation. This selection will also notably be based on Exane BNP-
Paribas’s stock analyst recommendations. 
 
 
The objective of the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, and the Exane CHF-H Index is to be exposed 
to the performance of the Exane NTR Index with a dynamic hedge against the variations of the Exane NTR Index 
components due to variations of foreign currencies against the Base Currency. The foreign exchange hedging is 
implemented with a borrowing position on the foreign currencies and a lending position on the Base Currency. This 
position is renewed each time there is a rebalancing on the Underlying Index. 
 
 
 
4. 
Construction and Calculation Rules of the Exane Indices 
 
4.1. 
Composition of the Exane Indices 
 
 It is built as follows: 
 
- The Investment Universe is made of listed stocks 
- The components will invest as closely as possible the different thematic of the Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery 
universe as defined by Exane Derivatives’ Asset Allocation Research. 
- Each component having an Exane BNP-Paribas recommendation has to be at least rated as “outperform” or “neutral” 
- Equal weighting of components at each reshuffle 
The turnover of the selection will notably depend on the intrinsic turnover of the Exane Explorer Consumer universe 
and the recommendation’s change at Exane BNPP-Paribas. 
The Index Components are selected based on the process described above and in accordance with the Technical 
Eligibility Criteria as described in paragraph 3 of the General Methodology.

--- Page 485 ---
485 
 
 
The Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, and the Exane CHF-H Index are composed of the following 
Index Components: 
- The Exane NTR Index, 
- The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index and the CHF Monetary Index. 
- The following non exhaustive list of foreign monetary indices depending on which currencies of the 
Underlying Index Components have to be hedged on the Rebalancing Date: 
 
 
i 
Foreign monetary index i 
Foreign currency i 
Bloomberg Code 
1 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Swiss Franc (CHF) 
EXDM3CHF 
2 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Danish Krone (DKK) 
EXDM3DKK 
3 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Sterling Pound (GBP) 
EXDM3GBP 
4 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) 
EXDM3HKD 
5 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hungarian Forint (HUF) 
EXDM3HUF 
6 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Japanese Yen (JPY) 
EXDM3JPY 
7 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Norwegian Krone (NOK) 
EXDM3NOK 
8 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Polish Zloty (PLN) 
EXDM3PLN 
9 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Swedish Krona (SEK) 
EXDM3SEK 
10 Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
U.S. Dollar (USD) 
EXDM3USD 
 
 
 
4.2. 
Calculation Method of the Exane Indices 
 
4.2.1. Reinvestment mechanism of income and profits of an Index Component 
 
 
The Exane NTR Index is calculated with income and profits reinvested (after potential withholding tax) in 
the Exane NTR Index converted into the Base Currency and paid either in shares or in cash (Net Total 
Return). 
 
In the case of any Portfolio Component expected to pay a dividend from sources within the United States 
and thus subject to the U.S 871(m) withholding regime, the reinvestment of income and profits will be 
equal to 55% taking into account inter alia the applicable U.S withholding tax. 
 
 
4.2.2. Weighting of the Index Components on each Rebalancing Date 
 
The Index Components are equally-weighted on each Rebalancing Date for the Exane Index and the 
Exane NTR Index. 
 
For the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index and the Exane CHF-H Index on any 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, the weights of the Index Components are determined in accordance with the 
following rules: 
- 
The weight of the Exane NTR Index is equal to 100%, 
- 
The weight of each Foreign Monetary Index 𝑖, 𝑤𝑖(𝑑), is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 486 ---
486 
 
𝑤𝑖(𝑑) =
{
 
 
 
 −∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑)
𝑆𝑖
1
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) ≥1%
𝑆𝑖
1
0
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) < 1%
𝑆𝑖
1
 
 
- 
The weight of the EUR Monetary Index ((𝒘𝑬𝑰(𝒅)), resp. the USD Monetary Index and the CHF 
Monetary Index are calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) = −∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑)
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
 
With: 
𝑆𝑖 
is the total number of Components of the Exane NTR Index denominated 
in foreign currency 𝑖, 
𝑧𝑗(𝑑)  
is the weight of the jth share of the Exane NTR Index denominated in 
foreign currency 𝑖 on Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝑛𝐹𝐶  
is the number of foreign currencies of the Exane NTR Index components 
to be hedged in the Exane Index on Rebalancing 𝑑. 
  
 
4.2.3. Foreign exchange risk 
 
The foreign exchange risk, if any, is not hedged in the Exane NTR Index. The prices of the Index 
Components are expressed in the Base Currency and can be converted as stipulated in Appendix 1 of the 
General Methodology “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices”. 
 
4.3. 
Calculation Formulas 
 
The Calculation Agent of the Exane Indices will use the calculation formulas as mentioned in Appendix 1 
“Calculation Method of the Exane Indices” of the General Methodology using the following criteria: 
 
 
Index Fees “F” are equal to 0.20% 
 
B is equal to 252. 
 
n(t) is the number of Calculation Dates between the Creation Date of the Exane Indices and Calculation 
Date t. 
 
Clause 4.1.2 cont. “Weighting of the Index Components at each Rebalancing Date” will apply. 
 
Clause 4.2 a) “Mechanism specific to reinvestment of income and profits of an Index Component” will 
apply to the Exane NTR Index.  
 
 
On any Calculation Date 𝑡, the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index and the Exane CHF-H Index are 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐸𝐼𝑡
𝐸𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝑈𝐼𝑡
𝑈𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐶𝐼𝑡
𝐶𝐼𝑑
)]

--- Page 487 ---
487 
 
 
With: 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane EUR-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane USD-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane CHF-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Exane NTR Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane NTR Index on the last Rebalancing 
Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on Calculation 
Date 𝑡, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR (expressed 
as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Calculation Date 𝑡 as defined in 
the General Methodology, 
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR (expressed 
as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Rebalancing Date 𝑑 as defined in 
the General Methodology, 
𝐸𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the EUR Monetary Index on Calculation Date 
𝑡, 
𝐸𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the EUR Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝑈𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on Calculation Date 
𝑡, 
𝑈𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝐶𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐶𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
 
 
5. 
Publication 
 
Any information regarding the Exane Indices is available on the website www.exane.com. 
The latest valuations of Exane Indices, including performance and 1-year volatility, are available on Bloomberg Page 
<ALLX EXDM>.

--- Page 488 ---
488 
 
 
Disclaimer: Conflicts of Interest 
 
The calculation and publication of the values of the Exane Proprietary Index by Exane Derivatives requires the 
calculation of Index values based on predetermined rules set out in the Index calculation methodology by Exane 
Derivatives, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exane SA.  
This step may give rise to conflicts of interest. The principal negative impact of such conflicts of interest would 
challenge the independence of the Index calculation process.  
The impartiality and independence of the Exane Proprietary Index calculation process is guaranteed by the procedure 
for managing conflicts of interest at Exane. 
The 
conflicts 
of 
interest 
management 
policy 
can 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
address:  
https://www.exane.com/pdf/corporate/mifidConflitFR.pdf 
 
Disclosure 
 
This index does not specifically pursue alignment with the target of reducing carbon emissions or with the long-
term global warming target of the Paris Climate Agreement.

--- Page 489 ---
489 
 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES 
 
“Exane Explorer Green Deal NTR” 
“Exane Explorer Green Deal EUR-H” 
“Exane Explorer Green Deal USD-H” 
“Exane Explorer Green Deal CHF-H” 
“Exane Explorer Green Deal GBP-H” 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
This document, published by Exane Derivatives, constitutes the specific methodology for the Exane Explorer Green 
Deal NTR, the Exane Explorer Green Deal EUR-H, the Exane Explorer Green Deal USD-H and the Exane Explorer 
Green Deal CHF-H Indices (the “Specific Methodology”). Together with the General Methodology (available within 
the Base Prospectus at www.exane.com/exaneIssues), the Specific Methodology defines the formulae and the 
procedures for their construction and calculation. 
 
The Exane Explorer Green Deal NTR, Exane Explorer Green Deal EUR-H, Exane Explorer Green Deal USD-H and 
Exane Explorer Green Deal CHF-H Indices are Proprietary Indices as stated in the applicable Base Prospectus 
(available at https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues) and shall hereafter be referred to respectively as the “Exane NTR 
Index”, the “Exane EUR-H Index”, the “Exane USD-H Index” and the “Exane CHF-H Index” or collectively as the 
“Exane Indices”. 
 
Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the General Methodology. 
 
 
2. 
General Index Terms 
 
Bloomberg Code 
EXDMGREN for the Exane NTR Index 
EXDMGREE for the Exane EUR-H Index 
EXDMGREU for the Exane USD-H Index 
EXDMGREC for the Exane CHF-H Index 
EXDMGREG for the Exane GBP-H Index 
 
 
 
  
Calculation Agent 
Exane Derivatives 
Creation Date 
26/04/2021 
Creation Value 
1 000.00 
Base Currency 
Euro (EUR) for the Exane NTR Index 
Euro (EUR) for the Exane EUR-H Index 
US dollar (USD) for the Exane USD-H Index 
Swiss Franc (CHF) for the Exane CHF-H Index 
British Pound (GBP) for the Exane GBP-H Index 
Exane NTR Index 
Exane Explorer Green Deal NTR 
Exane EUR-H Index 
Exane Explorer Green Deal EUR-H 
Exane USD-H Index 
Exane Explorer Green Deal USD-H 
Exane CHF-H Index 
Exane Explorer Green Deal CHF-H 
Exane GBP-H Index 
Exane Explorer Green Deal GBP-H 
Index Family 
Equity 
Index Components 
Equity Instruments, Index 
Index Components for the Exane 
EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H 
Index, the Exane CHF-H Index 
and the Exane GBP-H Index 
The Exane NTR Index  
The Foreign monetary indices 
The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF Monetary 
Index and the GBP Monetary Index.  
Foreign monetary indices 
The following non exhaustive list of monetary indices: 
- 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3CHF)

--- Page 490 ---
490 
 
- 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3DKK) 
- 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3GBP) 
- 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HKD) 
- 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HUF) 
- 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3JPY) 
- 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3NOK) 
- 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3PLN) 
- 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3SEK) 
- 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3USD) 
EUR Monetary Index 
Exane EUR 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3EUR) 
USD Monetary Index 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3USD) 
CHF Monetary Index 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3CHF) 
GBP Monetary Index 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3GBP) 
Index Fees 
0.20%  p.a. 
Index Format 
Net Total Return for the Exane NTR Index 
Net Total Return for the Exane EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H Index, the 
Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-H Index 
Rebalancing frequency 
Ad-hoc for the Exane NTR Index, each time there is a rebalancing on the Exane 
NTR Index for the Exane EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane 
CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-H Index 
Number of Rebalancing Days 
1 Calculation Date 
Administrator/Sponsor 
Exane Derivatives 
Advisor 
the Index Committee 
 
 
3. 
Objective of the Exane Indices 
 
The Exane Indices are based on a bottom-up selection of international stocks determined by the Index Committee. The 
selected equities are expected to be driven by the ‘green new deal’ for the next years, according to investment themes 
identified by the Exane Research and sales recommendation. This selection will also notably be based on Exane BNP-
Paribas’s stock analyst recommendations. 
 
 
The objective of the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-
H Index is to be exposed to the performance of the Exane NTR Index with a dynamic hedge against the variations of the 
Exane NTR Index components due to variations of foreign currencies against the Base Currency. The foreign exchange 
hedging is implemented with a borrowing position on the foreign currencies and a lending position on the Base 
Currency. This position is renewed each time there is a rebalancing on the Underlying Index. 
 
 
4. 
Construction and Calculation Rules of the Exane Indices 
 
4.1. 
Composition of the Exane Indices 
 
 It is built as follows: 
 
- The Investment Universe is made of listed stocks 
- The components will invest as closely as possible the different thematic of the Exane Explorer Green Deal universe as 
defined by Exane Research. 
- Each components having an Exane BNP-Paribas recommendation has to be at least rated as “outperform” or “neutral” 
- Equal weighting of components at each reshuffle

--- Page 491 ---
491 
 
The turnover of the selection will notably depend on the intrinsic turnover of the Exane Explorer Green Deal universe 
and the recommendation’s change at Exane BNPP-Paribas. 
The Index Components are selected based on the process described above and in accordance with the Technical 
Eligibility Criteria as described in paragraph 3 of the General Methodology. 
 
The Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, and the Exane CHF-H Index are composed of the following 
Index Components: 
- The Exane NTR Index, 
- The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index and the CHF Monetary Index. 
- The following non exhaustive list of foreign monetary indices depending on which currencies of the 
Underlying Index Components have to be hedged on the Rebalancing Date: 
 
 
i 
Foreign monetary index i 
Foreign currency i 
Bloomberg Code 
1 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Swiss Franc (CHF) 
EXDM3CHF 
2 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Danish Krone (DKK) 
EXDM3DKK 
3 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Sterling Pound (GBP) 
EXDM3GBP 
4 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) 
EXDM3HKD 
5 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hungarian Forint (HUF) 
EXDM3HUF 
6 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Japanese Yen (JPY) 
EXDM3JPY 
7 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Norwegian Krone (NOK) 
EXDM3NOK 
8 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Polish Zloty (PLN) 
EXDM3PLN 
9 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Swedish Krona (SEK) 
EXDM3SEK 
10 Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
U.S. Dollar (USD) 
EXDM3USD 
 
 
 
4.2. 
Calculation Method of the Exane Indices 
 
4.2.1. Reinvestment mechanism of income and profits of an Index Component 
 
 
The Exane NTR Index is calculated with income and profits reinvested (after potential withholding tax) in 
the Exane NTR Index converted into the Base Currency and paid either in shares or in cash (Net Total 
Return). 
In the case of any Portfolio Component expected to pay a dividend from sources within the United States 
and thus subject to the U.S 871(m) withholding regime, the reinvestment of income and profits will be 
equal to 55% taking into account inter alia the applicable U.S withholding tax. 
 
 
4.2.2. Weighting of the Index Components on each Rebalancing Date 
 
The Index Components are equally-weighted on each Rebalancing Date for the Exane NTR Index. 
 
For the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane 
GBP-H Index on any Rebalancing Date 𝑑, the weights of the Index Components are determined in 
accordance with the following rules: 
- 
The weight of the Exane NTR Index is equal to 100%, 
- 
The weight of each Foreign Monetary Index 𝑖, 𝑤𝑖(𝑑), is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 492 ---
492 
 
𝑤𝑖(𝑑) =
{
 
 
 
 −∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑)
𝑆𝑖
1
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) ≥1%
𝑆𝑖
1
0
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) < 1%
𝑆𝑖
1
 
 
- 
The weight of the EUR Monetary Index ((𝒘𝑬𝑰(𝒅)), resp. the USD Monetary Index and the CHF 
Monetary Index are calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) = −∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑)
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
 
With: 
𝑆𝑖 
is the total number of Components of the Exane NTR Index denominated 
in foreign currency 𝑖, 
𝑧𝑗(𝑑)  
is the weight of the jth share of the Exane NTR Index denominated in 
foreign currency 𝑖 on Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝑛𝐹𝐶  
is the number of foreign currencies of the Exane NTR Index components 
to be hedged in the Exane Index on Rebalancing 𝑑. 
  
 
4.2.3. Foreign exchange risk 
 
The foreign exchange risk, if any, is not hedged in the Exane NTR Index. The prices of the Index 
Components are expressed in the Base Currency and can be converted as stipulated in Appendix 1 of the 
General Methodology “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices”. 
 
4.3. 
Calculation Formulas 
 
The Calculation Agent of the Exane Indices will use the calculation formulas as mentioned in Appendix 1 
“Calculation Method of the Exane Indices” of the General Methodology using the following criteria: 
 
 
Index Fees “F” are equal to 0.20% 
 
B is equal to 252. 
 
n(t) is the number of Calculation Dates between the Creation Date of the Exane Indices and Calculation 
Date t. 
 
Clause 4.1.2 cont. “Weighting of the Index Components at each Rebalancing Date” will apply. 
 
Clause 4.2 a) “Mechanism specific to reinvestment of income and profits of an Index Component” will 
apply to the Exane NTR Index.  
 
 
On any Calculation Date 𝑡, the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the 
Exane GBP-H Index are calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐸𝐼𝑡
𝐸𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝑈𝐼𝑡
𝑈𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐶𝐼𝑡
𝐶𝐼𝑑
)]

--- Page 493 ---
493 
 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐺𝐵𝑃−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐺𝐵𝑃−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐺𝐼𝑡
𝐺𝐼𝑑
)] 
 
With: 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane EUR-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane USD-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane CHF-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Exane NTR Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane NTR Index on the last Rebalancing 
Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on Calculation 
Date 𝑡, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR (expressed 
as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Calculation Date 𝑡 as defined in 
the General Methodology, 
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR (expressed 
as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Rebalancing Date 𝑑 as defined in 
the General Methodology, 
𝐸𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the EUR Monetary Index on Calculation Date 
𝑡, 
𝐸𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the EUR Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝑈𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on Calculation Date 
𝑡, 
𝑈𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝐶𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐶𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝐺𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the GBP Monetary Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐺𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the GBP Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
 
 
5. 
Publication 
 
Any information regarding the Exane Indices is available on the website www.exane.com. 
The latest valuations of Exane Indices, including performance and 1-year volatility, are available on Bloomberg Page 
<ALLX EXDM>.

--- Page 494 ---
494 
 
 
Disclaimer: Conflicts of Interest 
 
The calculation and publication of the values of the Exane Proprietary Index by Exane Derivatives requires the 
calculation of Index values based on predetermined rules set out in the Index calculation methodology by Exane 
Derivatives, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exane SA.  
This step may give rise to conflicts of interest. The principal negative impact of such conflicts of interest would 
challenge the independence of the Index calculation process.  
The impartiality and independence of the Exane Proprietary Index calculation process is guaranteed by the procedure 
for managing conflicts of interest at Exane. 
The 
conflicts 
of 
interest 
management 
policy 
can 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
address:  
https://www.exane.com/pdf/corporate/mifidConflitFR.pdf 
 
Disclosure 
 
This index does not specifically pursue alignment with the target of reducing carbon emissions or with the long-
term global warming target of the Paris Climate Agreement.

--- Page 495 ---
495 
 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES 
 
“Exane Explorer Inflation NTR” 
“Exane Explorer Inflation EUR-H” 
“Exane Explorer Inflation USD-H” 
“Exane Explorer Inflation CHF-H” 
“Exane Explorer Inflation GBP-H” 
 
 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
This document, published by Exane Derivatives, constitutes the specific methodology for the Exane Explorer Inflation 
NTR, the Exane Explorer Inflation EUR-H, the Exane Explorer Inflation USD-H and the Exane Explorer Inflation 
CHF-H Indices, the Exane Explorer Inflation GBP-H (the “Specific Methodology”). Together with the General 
Methodology (available within the Base Prospectus at www.exane.com/exaneIssues), the Specific Methodology defines 
the formulae and the procedures for their construction and calculation. 
 
The Exane Explorer Inflation NTR, Exane Explorer Inflation EUR-H, Exane Explorer Inflation USD-H, Exane 
Explorer Inflation CHF-H and Exane Explorer Inflation GBP-H Indices are Proprietary Indices as stated in the 
applicable Base Prospectus (available at https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues) and shall hereafter be referred to 
respectively as the “Exane NTR Index”, the “Exane EUR-H Index”, the “Exane USD-H Index”, the “Exane CHF-H 
Index” and “Exane GBP-H Index” or collectively as the “Exane Indices”. 
 
Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the General Methodology. 
 
 
2. 
General Index Terms 
 
Bloomberg Code 
EXDMINFR for the Exane NTR Index 
EXDMINFL for the Exane EUR-H Index 
EXDMINFU for the Exane USD-H Index 
EXDMINFC for the Exane CHF-H Index 
EXDMINFG for the Exane GBP-H Index 
 
 
 
  
Calculation Agent 
Exane Derivatives 
Creation Date 
15/06/2021 
Base Currency 
Euro (EUR) for the Exane NTR Index 
Euro (EUR) for the Exane EUR-H Index 
US Dollar (USD) for the Exane USD-H Index 
Swiss Franc (CHF) for the Exane CHF-H Index 
British Pound (GBP) for the Exane GBP-H Index 
Exane NTR Index 
Exane Explorer Inflation NTR 
Exane EUR-H Index 
Exane Explorer Inflation EUR-H 
Exane USD-H Index 
Exane Explorer Inflation USD-H 
Exane CHF-H Index 
Exane Explorer Inflation CHF-H 
Exane GBP-H Index 
Exane Explorer Inflation GBP-H 
Index Family 
Equity 
Index Components 
Equity Instruments, Index 
Index Components for the Exane 
EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H 
Index, the Exane CHF-H Index 
and the Exane GBP-H Index 
The Exane NTR Index  
The Foreign Monetary Indices 
The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF Monetary 
Index and the GBP Monetary Index.  
Foreign Monetary Indices 
The following non exhaustive list of monetary indices: 
- 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3CHF) 
- 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3DKK)

--- Page 496 ---
496 
 
- 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3GBP) 
- 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HKD) 
- 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HUF) 
- 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3JPY) 
- 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3NOK) 
- 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3PLN) 
- 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3SEK) 
- 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3USD) 
EUR Monetary Index 
Exane EUR 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3EUR) 
USD Monetary Index 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3USD) 
CHF Monetary Index 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3CHF) 
GBP Monetary Index 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3GBP) 
Index Fees 
0.20% p.a. 
Index Format 
Net Total Return for the Exane NTR Index 
Net Total Return for the Exane EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H Index, the 
Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-H Index 
Rebalancing frequency 
Ad-hoc for the Exane NTR Index, each time there is a rebalancing on the Exane 
NTR Index for the Exane EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane 
CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-H Index 
Number of Rebalancing Days 
1 Calculation Date 
Administrator/Sponsor 
Exane Derivatives 
Advisor 
the Index Committee 
 
 
3. 
Objective of the Exane Indices 
 
The Exane Indices are based on a bottom-up selection of international stocks determined by the Index Committee. The 
selected equities are expected to be driven by the global reflation for the next years, according to investment themes 
identified by the Exane Research and sales recommendation. This selection will also notably be based on Exane BNP-
Paribas’s stock analyst recommendations. 
 
The objective of the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-
H Index is to be exposed to the performance of the Exane NTR Index with a dynamic hedge against the variations of the 
Exane NTR Index components due to variations of foreign currencies against the Base Currency. The foreign exchange 
hedging is implemented with a borrowing position on the foreign currencies and a lending position on the Base 
Currency. This position is renewed each time there is a rebalancing on the Underlying Index. 
 
4. 
Construction and Calculation Rules of the Exane Indices 
 
4.1. 
Composition of the Exane Indices 
 
 It is built as follows: 
 
- The Investment Universe is made of listed stocks 
- The components will invest as closely as possible the different thematic of the Exane Explorer Inflation universe as 
defined by the Exane Research. 
- Each component having an Exane BNP-Paribas recommendation has to be at least rated as “outperform” or “neutral” 
- Equal weighting of components at each reshuffle 
The turnover of the selection will notably depend on the intrinsic turnover of the Exane Explorer Inflation universe and 
the recommendation’s change at Exane BNPP-Paribas. 
The Index Components are selected by the Index Committee based on the process described above and in accordance 
with the Technical Eligibility Criteria as described in paragraph 3 of the General Methodology.

--- Page 497 ---
497 
 
 
The Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-H Index are 
composed of the following Index Components: 
- The Exane NTR Index, 
- The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF Monetary Index and the GBP Monetary 
Index. 
- The following non exhaustive list of Foreign Monetary Indices depending on which currencies of the 
Underlying Index Components have to be hedged on the Rebalancing Date: 
 
 
i 
Foreign Monetary Index i 
Foreign currency i 
Bloomberg Code 
1 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Swiss Franc (CHF) 
EXDM3CHF 
2 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Danish Krone (DKK) 
EXDM3DKK 
3 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Sterling Pound (GBP) 
EXDM3GBP 
4 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) 
EXDM3HKD 
5 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hungarian Forint (HUF) 
EXDM3HUF 
6 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Japanese Yen (JPY) 
EXDM3JPY 
7 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Norwegian Krone (NOK) 
EXDM3NOK 
8 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Polish Zloty (PLN) 
EXDM3PLN 
9 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Swedish Krona (SEK) 
EXDM3SEK 
10 Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
U.S. Dollar (USD) 
EXDM3USD 
 
 
4.2. 
Calculation Method of the Exane Indices 
 
4.2.1. Reinvestment mechanism of income and profits of an Index Component 
 
 
The Exane NTR Index is calculated with income and profits reinvested (after potential withholding tax) in 
the Exane NTR Index converted into the Base Currency and paid either in shares or in cash (Net Total 
Return). 
 
In the case of any Portfolio Component expected to pay a dividend from sources within the United States 
and thus subject to the U.S 871(m) withholding regime, the reinvestment of income and profits will be 
equal to 55% taking into account inter alia the applicable U.S withholding tax. 
 
4.2.2. Weighting of the Index Components on each Rebalancing Date 
 
The Index Components are equally-weighted on each Rebalancing Date for the Exane NTR Index. 
 
For the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane 
GBP-H Index on any Rebalancing Date 𝑑, the weights of the Index Components are determined in 
accordance with the following rules: 
- 
The weight of the Exane NTR Index is equal to 100%, 
- 
The weight of each Foreign Monetary Index 𝑖, 𝑤𝑖(𝑑), is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
𝑤𝑖(𝑑) =
{
 
 
 
 −∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑)
𝑆𝑖
1
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) ≥1%
𝑆𝑖
1
0
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) < 1%
𝑆𝑖
1

--- Page 498 ---
498 
 
 
- 
The weight of the EUR Monetary Index ((𝒘𝑬𝑰(𝒅)), resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF 
Monetary Index and the GBP Monetary Index are calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) = −∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑)
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
 
With: 
𝑆𝑖 
is the total number of Components of the Exane NTR Index denominated 
in foreign currency 𝑖, 
𝑧𝑗(𝑑)  
is the weight of the jth share of the Exane NTR Index denominated in 
foreign currency 𝑖 on Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝑛𝐹𝐶  
is the number of foreign currencies of the Exane NTR Index components 
to be hedged in the Exane Index on Rebalancing 𝑑. 
  
 
4.2.3. Foreign exchange risk 
 
The foreign exchange risk, if any, is not hedged in the Exane NTR Index. The prices of the Index 
Components are expressed in the Base Currency and can be converted as stipulated in Appendix 1 of the 
General Methodology “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices”. 
 
4.3. 
Calculation Formulas 
 
The Calculation Agent of the Exane Indices will use the calculation formulas as mentioned in Appendix 1 
“Calculation Method of the Exane Indices” of the General Methodology using the following criteria: 
 
 
Index Fees “F” are equal to 0.20% 
 
B is equal to 252. 
 
n(t) is the number of Calculation Dates between the Creation Date of the Exane Indices and Calculation 
Date t. 
 
Clause 4.1.2 cont. “Weighting of the Index Components at each Rebalancing Date” will apply. 
 
Clause 4.2 a) “Mechanism specific to reinvestment of income and profits of an Index Component” will 
apply to the Exane NTR Index.  
 
 
On any Calculation Date 𝑡, the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the 
Exane GBP-H Index are calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐸𝐼𝑡
𝐸𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝑈𝐼𝑡
𝑈𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐶𝐼𝑡
𝐶𝐼𝑑
)] 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐺𝐵𝑃−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐺𝐵𝑃−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐺𝐼𝑡
𝐺𝐼𝑑
)]

--- Page 499 ---
499 
 
 
With: 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane EUR-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane USD-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane CHF-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐺𝐵𝑃 
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane GBP-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date d, 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Exane NTR Index on Calculation 
Date 𝑡, 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane NTR Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on 
Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on the 
last Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR 
(expressed as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Calculation 
Date 𝑡 as defined in the General Methodology, 
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR 
(expressed as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Rebalancing 
Date 𝑑 as defined in the General Methodology, 
𝐸𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the EUR Monetary Index on 
Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐸𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the EUR Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
𝑈𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on 
Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝑈𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
𝐶𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on 
Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐶𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
𝐺𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the GBP Monetary Index on 
Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐺𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the GBP Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
 
 
5. 
Publication 
 
Any information regarding the Exane Indices is available on the website www.exane.com. 
The latest valuations of Exane Indices, including performance and 1-year volatility, are available on Bloomberg Page 
<ALLX EXDM>.

--- Page 500 ---
500 
 
 
Disclaimer: Conflicts of Interest 
 
The calculation and publication of the values of the Exane Proprietary Index by Exane Derivatives requires the 
calculation of Index values based on predetermined rules set out in the Index calculation methodology by Exane 
Derivatives, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exane SA.  
This step may give rise to conflicts of interest. The principal negative impact of such conflicts of interest would 
challenge the independence of the Index calculation process.  
The impartiality and independence of the Exane Proprietary Index calculation process is guaranteed by the procedure 
for managing conflicts of interest at Exane. 
The 
conflicts 
of 
interest 
management 
policy 
can 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
address:  
https://www.exane.com/pdf/corporate/mifidConflitFR.pdf 
 
Disclosure 
 
This index does not specifically pursue alignment with the target of reducing carbon emissions or with the long-
term global warming target of the Paris Climate Agreement.

--- Page 501 ---
501 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER: EXANE SOLUTIONS (LUXEMBOURG) SA 
 
 
 
Corporate name, registered office and date of formation 
 
The corporate name of the Issuer is Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA (the Company or Exane Solutions, for the 
purposes of this section). 
 
The Company is a Luxembourg law public limited liability company (société anonyme), having its registered offices at 
6, rue Eugène Ruppert – L-2453 Luxembourg – Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, and is registered with the Luxembourg 
trade and companies register under number B246360. The Company operates under the law of Luxembourg.  
Its legal entity identifier (LEI) is 549300LFYN0WYQ0GAF25. 
Its telephone number is +352 26 44 97 24 
Website: www.exane.com  13 
The Company was incorporated on 7 August 2020 for an unlimited duration. 
 
There has been no material change in the borrowing and funding structure of the Company since its creation.   
 
The Company expects to finance its activities by issuing certificates, warrants and credit-linked notes under this Debt 
Securities Issue Programme and/or by entering into hedging agreements with Exane Derivatives and its affiliates. 
 
 
Corporate purpose 
As of the day of the publication of this description, pursuant to article 3 of its articles of association, 
 
“3.1 The corporate object of the Company is to act as an acquisition, sale and/or holding company as well as an 
issuance vehicle. 
3.2 The Company may in particular: 
(a) 
subscribe or acquire in any other appropriate manner any securities or financial instruments (in the 
widest sense of the word) issued by international institutions or organisations, sovereign states, public 
and private companies or undertakings; 
(b) 
subscribe or acquire any other participations in companies, partnerships, or other undertakings, 
which do not qualify as securities or financial instruments, whether in movable property or real estate, 
or incorporate such companies; 
(c) 
acquire loans or other receivables which may or may not be embedded in securities; 
(d) 
in the furtherance of its object, dispose of, apply or otherwise use all of its assets, securities or other 
financial instruments, and provide, within the limits of any applicable Luxembourg regulations, for 
any kind of guarantees and security rights, by way of mortgage, pledge, charge or other means over 
the assets and rights held by the Company; 
(e) 
in the context of its operations, enter into securities lending and repo transactions, pledge or any 
agreements of a similar kind; 
(f) 
enter into execute and deliver and perform derivatives transactions (including, but not limited to, 
swaps, futures, forwards and options) and any similar transactions; 
 
13 The information contained on the websites referenced herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the competent authority.

--- Page 502 ---
502 
 
(g) 
obtain funding by the issue any notes, bonds, certificates, warrants, and generally securities and 
financial instruments whatsoever (including one or more issuance programme or by means of 
standalone issues); and 
(h) 
enter into loan agreements as borrower to comply with any payment or other obligation it has under 
any of its securities or any agreement entered into within the context of its activities and insofar it 
seems to be useful and necessary within the context of the transaction. 
3.3 The descriptions above are to be understood in their broadest sense and their enumeration is not limiting. The 
corporate object of the Company shall include any transaction or agreement which is entered into by the Company, 
provided it is not inconsistent with the foregoing enumerated objects. 
3.4 The Company may take any measure to safeguard its rights and make any transactions whatsoever which are 
directly or indirectly connected with or useful for its purposes and which are able to promote their accomplishment or 
development of its corporate object to the largest extent permitted under applicable Luxembourg law.” 
 
 
Preparation of the annual accounts 
 
Each financial year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.  
 
The first financial year of the Company began on the day of the incorporation of the Company and ended on 31 
December 2020. 
 
 
Statutory distribution of profits 
 
General Principle 
 
Each year at least 5% of the net profits of the Company has to be allocated to the legal reserve account. This allocation 
is no longer mandatory if and as long as such legal reserve amounts to at least 10% of the capital of the Company as 
stated or as increased or reduced from time to time as provided in article 8 of its articles of association. 
 
After allocation to the legal reserve, the General Meeting of shareholders determines the appropriation and distribution 
of net profits (if any). 
 
The dividends may be paid in euro and they may be paid at such places and times as may be determined by the Board.  
 
Interim dividends 
 
The sole director or the Board, as the case may be, may decide to pay interim dividends, subject to the following 
conditions: 
 
a) The sole director or, in case of plurality of directors, the Board shall have exclusive competence to take the 
initiative to declare interim dividends and allow the distribution of such interim dividends as they deem appropriate 
and in accordance with the Company's corporate interest. 
b) In this respect, the director or, in case of plurality of directors, the Board is exclusively competent to decide the 
amount of the sums available for distribution and the opportunity of such distribution, based on the supporting 
documentation and principles contained in these Articles. 
c) In addition, the decision of the director or, in case of plurality of directors, of the Board shall be supported by 
interim financial statements of the Company dated of less than two (2) months before such decision of the director 
or in case of plurality of directors of the Board and showing sufficient funds available for distribution provided that 
the amount to be distributed does not exceed profits realized since the end of the financial year increased by profits 
carried forward and distributable reserves decreased by losses carried forward and any sums to be allocated to the 
reserves required by law or these Articles. 
d) Finally, the distribution of interim dividends shall be limited to the amount of the distributable profit as it appears 
on the above mentioned interim financial statements of the Company. 
e) If the Company has appointed a supervisory auditor or independent expert, the latter verifies if these conditions 
have been met. 
f) 
In any case, the distribution of interim dividends shall remain subject to the provisions of article 461-3 of the 
Company Law which provides for a recovery against the shareholder(s) of the dividends which have been

--- Page 503 ---
503 
 
distributed to it/them but do not correspond to profits actually earned by the Company. Such action for recovery 
shall prescribe five (5) years after the date of the distribution.  
 
Any amount paid as interim dividend in accordance with the foregoing that is not finally resolved by the shareholders 
will be considered as advance to the next dividend payment. 
 
Approval of annual accounts 
 
The shareholders' Ordinary General Meeting shall approve the annual accounts. 
 
Share capital 
 
The share capital of the Company is 30,000 Euros, composed of 300 fully paid-up ordinary shares each with a 
nominal value of 100 Euros. 
The shares must be in registered form.  
 
Authorised share capital 
The authorised share capital of the Company is set at 1,000,000 Euros divided into 10,000 Shares, all having par value 
of 100 Euros. 
During a period of five years from the date of incorporation of the Company or any subsequent resolution by the Sole 
Shareholder or the shareholders to create, renew or increase the authorised share capital pursuant to this article 8 the 
Board of Directors is authorised to issue Shares, to grant options to subscribe for Shares and to use any other 
instruments convertible into Shares within the limits of the authorised share capital and subject to any applicable 
provisions of the Company Law. 
The authorised share capital may be increased or reduced by a resolution of the Sole Shareholder or the shareholders 
adopted in the manner required for an amendment of these Articles. Furthermore, the Sole Shareholder or the 
shareholders may renew the authorised share capital by way of a resolution adopted in the manner required for an 
amendment of these Articles and subject to any applicable provisions of the Company Law, each time for a period not 
exceeding five years. 
In the context of any issuance of Shares under the authorised share capital described in this article 8 the Board of 
Directors may decide to waive any applicable statutory preferential subscription rights attached to such Shares with 
respect to the existing shareholders of the Company. 
 
 
Distribution of capital 
 
As of 31 December 2020 , the shares of the Company are held as follows: 
 
− 
300 shares held by Exane SA. 
The other companies held, directly or indirectly, by Exane SA are: 
 
− 
Exane Derivatives SNC 
− 
Exane Finance SA 
− 
Exane Asset Management SAS 
− 
Exane Inc. 
− 
Ellipsis Asset Management SA  
− 
Ellipsis AM Suisse Sarl (100% owned company by Ellipsis Asset Management SA) 
− 
Exane Derivatives Gérance SA 
− 
Exane Participations SNC: a French commercial partnership managed by Exane Derivatives Gérance SA 
(having no operational activity) 
− 
Ixios Asset Management SA (99.99% owned company by Exane Derivatives SNC) 
 
Exane Solutions has no subsidiary. 
Exane Solutions is a 100% owned subsidiary of Exane SA and is a fully consolidated company. 
Prior to 13 July 2021, BNP Paribas SA was holding 50% of the share capital and 40% of the voting rights of Verner 
Investissements SAS, the holding company of Exane SA. Verner Investissements SAS is a financial holding company

--- Page 504 ---
504 
 
EXANE INC 
(New-York) 
Broker-Dealer 
-Equites and 
Derivatives 
(Brokerage, 
research) 
 
(compagnie financière) approved by ACPR. On 27 of April 2021, the partners of Verner Investissements SAS entered 
into a share purchase agreement (the “SPA”) with BNP Paribas SA concerning the sale by Verner Investissements SAS 
partners’ of 50% of the share capital of Verner Investissements SAS (the “Verner Transaction”). Following completion 
of the Verner Transaction on 13 July 2021, BNP Paribas now holds 100% of the share capital and of the voting rights of 
Verner Investissements SAS. 
 
Exane Solutions is part of the Group: a simplified corporate structure chart appears below. 
 
Group means Exane SA and any direct or indirect subsidiary (as defined in article L. 233-1 of the French 
commercial code) of Exane SA. 
 
EXANE GROUP ORGANIZATION CHART 
JULY 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VERNER INVESTISSEMENTS SAS (France) 
 
 Investments Holding Company 
EXANE FINANCE 
SA 
(France) 
Investment Firm 
Structured 
Products Issuer 
EXANE SOLUTIONS 
(LUXEMBOURG) SA 
(Luxembourg) 
 
Structured 
Products Issuer 
 
EXANE  
DERIVATIVES  
GERANCE 
SA  
(France) 
 
 
EXANE  
PARTICIPATIONS  
SNC 
(France) 
 
 
EXANE DERIVATIVES SNC 
(France) 
Branches: London, Geneva, Milan 
 
Investment Firm  
-Derivatives products 
 
ELLIPSIS ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
SA (France) 
 
Asset 
management 
 
EXANE ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
SAS (France) 
 
Asset 
management 
 
PARTNERS EAM  
20% 
ELLIPSIS AM SUISSE 
SARL (Geneva) 
Share funds distribution 
IXIOS ASSET 
MANAGEMENT SA 
(France) 
Asset management 
 
99,99% 
99,99% 
99,99% 
99,99% 
99,99% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
80% 
100% 
99,99% 
*Exane Group’s key managers and experts 
BNP PARIBAS (France) 
 
EXANE SA (France) 
 
Branches: London, Geneva, Milan, Frankfurt, Madrid, 
Stockholm 
  
Investments Firm 
                 -Equity 
(cash equities, financial research, & analysis) 
100%

--- Page 505 ---
505 
 
Principal activities and the financial instruments of the Company 
 
The principal business of the Company is the issuance of debt-related securities (including certificates and credit 
linked notes) and warrants. Exane Derivatives acts as Dealer of these issues, which then places these securities with 
clients. 
 
The operations relating to these issuing activities are totally symmetrical between the issued product and the over the 
counter hedging transactions between Exane Derivatives and the Company. The hedging transactions with Exane 
Derivatives are determined at the same price as the instruments issued and subscribed. In view of this, the risks borne 
by the Company are managed, for internal control purposes, through the activities of Exane Derivatives. 
 
Certain debt securities ( certificates and credit linked notes) and warrants issued by the Company and guaranteed by 
Exane SA will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange,  Euronext Paris 
and/or other regulated market of multi-lateral facilities as the case may be.  
 
 
 
Employees 
 
The Company has no employees. 
 
 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
 
The Board of Directors of Exane Solutions reviews, inter alia, the financial statements and the implementation of 
internal control procedures. 
 
The Company does not have an audit committee. 
 
The Company complies with its country’s of incorporation corporate governance regime. 
 
 
Board of Directors 
 
The members of the Board of Directors are, whose business addresses are, for the purpose of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Director 
 
Principal outside activities 
Emmanuelle Bobin 
Chief Operating Officer of Exane Derivatives 
 
 Paolo Perin 
Senior Manager Legal Service Line 
Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à r.l 
 
Povilas Valencius 
Business Unit Manager Accounting  
Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à r.l 
 
 
The business address of Emmanuelle Bobin is 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France, 
 
The business address of Paolo Perin and Povilas Valencius is 6, rue Eugène Ruppert – L-2453 Luxembourg – Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg, 
  
 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies, conflicts of interest 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties, to the Company, of any person of the Board of 
Directors specified above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors 
 
Subject to the restrictions set forth in the articles of association, and by law, the Board of Directors sets the strategic 
guidelines for the conduct of the Company's business and oversees their implementation. 
 
 
Auditors 
The independent qualified auditor of the Company which belong to the Luxembourg institute of auditors (Instituts des 
réviseurs d’entreprises) is as follows:

--- Page 506 ---
506 
 
 
Deloitte Audit 
20, boulevard de Kockelscheuer  
L-1821 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
Appointment during the Extraordinary General Meeting of 7 August 2020 until the General Meeting responsible 
in 2026 for approving the accounts for the year ending 31 December 2025. 
 
Selected financial information 
   
In K€ 
31 December 2020 (audited) 
Net Banking Income 
285 
Operating profit 
253 
Net profit 
(10) 
Total Assets 
384,475 
Total Shareholders’ Equity 
20 
 
Investments 
 
No specific investment has been undertaken since the date of incorporation or has been the subject of firm 
commitments for a future undertaking.

--- Page 507 ---
507 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR: EXANE SA 
 
Corporate Name, registered office and date of incorporation 
The corporate name of the Guarantor is Exane SA (the Company or Exane SA for the purposes of this section) 
The Company is a French law public limited company (société anonyme), having its registered office at 6, rue Ménars –
75002 Paris – France, and identified under number 342 040 268 RCS Paris. The Company operates under the law of 
France. 
Its legal entity identifier is 969500UP76J52A9OXU27. 
Its telephone number is + 33 (0)1 44 95 40 00. 
Website: www.exane.com  14 
The Company was incorporated on 25 August 1987 for a term that expires on 25 August 2086.  
Rating: 
- 
18 December 2018: the Company’s long term credit rating is for Moody's: Baa2 with a stable outlook. As per 
the definition appearing on the website of Moody's, “obligations rated Baa are subject to moderate credit risk. 
They are considered medium-grade and as such may possess speculative characteristics” (note: Moody's 
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The 
modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of ils generic rating category; the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category). 
On 19 December 2017, Moody’s has affirmed the Baa2 backed long term issuer rating of the Company. 
 
- 
28 February 2019: the Company’s long term credit rating is for: Standard & Poor's BBB+ (BBB which means, 
as per the definition appearing on the website of Standard & Poor's, “adequate capacity to meet financial 
commitments, but more subject to adverse economic conditions – note: ratings from “AA” to “CCC” may be 
modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating 
categories”) with a stable outlook and the Company’s short term credit rating is for Standard & Poor's: A-2 
with a stable outlook. 
- 
13 July 2021: Following the announcement of the Verner Transaction (as defined below) on 27 April 2021, 
Moody’s updated its outlook of the Company’s rating to positive outlook. Following the closing of the Verner 
Transaction (as defined below), Standard & Poor’s upgraded the Company’s long term credit rating to A+ (A 
which means, as per the definition appearing on the website of Standard & Poor’s, "Strong capacity to meet 
financial commitments, but somewhat susceptible to adverse economic conditions and changes in 
circumstances – Note: ratings from “AA” to “CCC” may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) 
sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories") with a stable outlook and the Company’s 
short term credit rating is for to A-1 with a stable outlook. 
- 
16 July 2021: Following the closing of the Verner Transaction (as defined below), Moody’s upgraded the 
Company’s long term rating to Aa3, which means, as per the definition appearing on the website of Moody’s, 
“obligations rated Aa are judged to be high quality and are subject to very low credit risk” (note: Moody's 
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The 
modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of ils generic rating category; the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category). 
 
 
14 The information contained on the websites referenced herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the competent authority

--- Page 508 ---
508 
 
Moody's and Standard & Poor's are established in the European Union and are registered under the CRA Regulation, as 
it appears from the list published by the European Securities and Markets Authority dated 31 October 2011.There has 
been no material change in the borrowing and funding structure of the Company since its creation.   
 
The Company expects to finance its activities by stable sources of financing (excluding equity) for amounts sufficient 
to meet the financing needs of all its activities. The Company benefits from a permanent multi-currency credit line 
provided for in the partnership agreement between the Company and BNP Paribas.  
 
Corporate purpose 
Pursuant to article 2 of its articles of association, “the purpose of the company, subject to the provisions of the last 
paragraph of this article, is: 
• 
the provision, in France and abroad, of investment services including the provision of investment advice, 
ancillary services such as account management and compensation, services related to investment services, in 
each case, in accordance with applicable regulations, and any other financial activity which is not prohibited 
under applicable regulations; 
• 
the participation, direct or indirect, in any operation, in France and abroad, related in any manner 
whatsoever to its purpose, including by way of creation of new companies, contribution, subscription, emission 
or purchase of debt securities or other, securities and/or shares or other (of any nature whatsoever), merger, 
association or any other means whatsoever; 
• 
and, more generally, the participation, in France or abroad, in any commercial, financial, industrial, movable 
asset and real-estate operation relating, by any mean whatsoever, to its purpose. 
The company shall conduct its activities which are subject, under applicable regulations, to the procurement of an 
authorisation, in accordance with the conditions of such authorisation or any authorisation which may be granted to 
the company.” 
Preparation of the annual accounts 
Each financial year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December. 
Statutory distribution of profits 
From the profit of each financial year, reduced by any losses, at least 5 per cent shall be deducted for the "statutory 
reserve" (the reserve légale). This deduction shall cease to be compulsory when the statutory reserve reaches one-tenth 
of the share capital. The deduction resumes when, for any reason whatsoever, the legal reserve has fallen below this 
fraction.  
The distributable profit shall consist of the profit of the financial year less prior losses and the amounts allocated to the 
"statutory reserve", in accordance with the law, and increased by any retained earnings. From this profit, the General 
Meeting may, subject to approval by the Board of Directors, allocate such sums as it deems appropriate to be allocated 
to any reserve funds or to be carried forward. The balance, if any, shall be allocated among the shareholders in 
proportion with the number of shares owned by each of them. 
Approval of the annual accounts 
The partners' Ordinary General Assembly shall approve the annual accounts. 
Share capital 
The share capital is 30,691,800 Euros, composed of 180,540 fully paid-up ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of 
170 Euros. 
The shares must be in registered form.

--- Page 509 ---
509 
 
Subject to legal exceptions, any transfer of shares to a third party, for any reason whatsoever, shall be subject to the 
prior approval of the Board of Directors. The procedure for obtaining such approval and the consequences of a refusal 
are set out in prevailing laws. 
Distribution of capital 
As of 31 December 2020, the shares of the Company are held as follows:  
- 
180 539 shares held by Verner Investissements SAS 
- 
1 share held by Nicolas Chanut 
 
The other companies held, directly or indirectly, by Exane SA are: 
- 
Exane Finance SA 
- 
Exane Derivatives SNC 
- 
Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA 
- 
Exane Asset Management SAS 
- 
Exane Inc. 
- 
Ellipsis Asset Management SA  
- 
Ellipsis AM Suisse Sarl (100% owned company by Ellipsis Asset Management SA) 
- 
Exane Derivatives Gérance SA 
- 
Exane Participations SNC: a French commercial partnership managed by Exane Derivatives Gérance SA 
(having no operational activity). 
- 
Ixios Asset Management SA (99.99% owned company by Exane Derivatives SNC). 
The Company is a 99.9% owned subsidiary of Verner Investissements SAS and is a fully consolidated company. Prior 
to 13 July 2021, BNP Paribas SA was holding 50% of the share capital and 40% of the voting rights of Verner 
Investissements SAS, the holding company of Exane SA. Verner Investissements SAS is a financial holding company 
(compagnie financière) approved by ACPR. On 27 of April 2021, the partners of Verner Investissements SAS entered 
into a share purchase agreement (the “SPA”) with BNP Paribas SA concerning the sale by Verner Investissements SAS 
partners’ of 50% of the share capital of Verner Investissements SAS (the “Verner Transaction”). Following completion 
of the Verner Transaction on 13 July 2021, BNP Paribas now holds 100% of the share capital and of the voting rights of 
Verner Investissements SAS. 
The Company forms part of the Group: a simplified Group structure chart appears below. Group means Exane SA and 
any direct or indirect subsidiary (as defined in article L. 233-1 of the French commercial code) of Exane SA.

--- Page 510 ---
510 
 
EXANE INC 
(New-York) 
Broker-Dealer 
-Equites and 
Derivatives 
(Brokerage, 
research) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXANE GROUP ORGANIZATION CHART 
JULY 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VERNER INVESTISSEMENTS SAS (France) 
 
 Investments Holding Company 
EXANE FINANCE 
SA 
(France) 
Investment Firm 
Structured 
Products Issuer 
EXANE SOLUTIONS 
(LUXEMBOURG) SA 
(Luxembourg) 
 
Structured 
Products Issuer 
 
EXANE  
DERIVATIVES  
GERANCE 
SA  
(France) 
 
 
EXANE  
PARTICIPATIONS  
SNC 
(France) 
 
 
EXANE DERIVATIVES SNC 
(France) 
Branches: London, Geneva, Milan 
 
Investment Firm  
-Derivatives products 
 
ELLIPSIS ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
SA (France) 
 
Asset 
management 
 
EXANE ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
SAS (France) 
 
Asset 
management 
 
PARTNERS EAM  
20% 
ELLIPSIS AM SUISSE 
SARL (Geneva) 
Share funds distribution 
IXIOS ASSET 
MANAGEMENT SA 
(France) 
Asset management 
 
99,99% 
99,99% 
99,99% 
99,99% 
99,99% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
80% 
100% 
BNP PARIBAS (France) 
 
99,99% 
EXANE SA (France) 
 
Branches: London, Geneva, Milan, Frankfurt, Madrid, 
Stockholm 
  
Investments Firm 
                 -Equity 
(cash equities, financial research, & analysis) 
*Exane Group’s key managers and experts 
100%

--- Page 511 ---
511 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the Ministerial Order of 3 November 2014 relating to the internal control 
applicable to ACPR authorised banking, payment and investment services firms, the internal control system of the 
Group is twofold: permanent control and periodic control. Central control staff are involved in all the activities of the 
Group. 
Principal activities and the financial instruments market of the Company 
Exane SA engages in the following main activities: 
- 
Cash Equity; 
- 
Derivatives; 
- 
Asset Management. 
Structure of the Company 
The Company is authorised to operate as an investment firm (entreprise d’investissement) by ACPR and is authorised, 
in accordance with article L. 531- 1 of the French monetary and financial code, to provide the following investment 
services as defined under article L. 321-1 of the French monetary and financial code: reception and transmission of 
orders, execution of orders, dealing on own account, portfolio management, investment advice, underwriting of 
financial instruments, placing of financial instruments on a firm commitment basis and without a firm commitment 
basis. The following ancillary investment services are also authorised: investment research, custodian services, advice 
to undertakings on capital structure, industrial strategy and related matters and advice and services relating to mergers 
and the purchase of undertakings, and account keeping and clearing services. 
The Company is subject to the regulatory supervision of the ACPR and of the AMF. 
In accordance with French regulations, the ACPR oversight relates more specifically to accounting and prudential-
related matters and corresponding reporting. As far as prudential reporting is concerned, ratios are calculated on a 
consolidated basis at an Exane Group level. No reporting is made by the Company on an individual basis. 
Exane SA has set up the following branches, as per the license granted by ACPR: 
- 
Italy: the Milan branch of Exane SA provides securities-related sales (including order reception and 
transmission) and investment research services; 
- 
Germany: the Frankfurt branch of Exane SA provides securities-related sales services (including order 
reception and transmission) services research services; 
- 
Spain: the Madrid Branch of Exane SA provides securities-related sales (including order reception and 
transmission) and investment research services;  
- 
Switzerland: the Geneva Branch of Exane SA provides securities-related sales (including order reception and 
transmission) and investment research services;  
- 
United Kingdom: the London Branch of Exane SA provides cash equity services (including reception and 
transmission of orders, execution of orders, dealing on own account, placing of financial instruments without a 
firm commitment basis, investment research, and advice to undertakings on capital structure, industrial 
strategy and related matters and advice and services relating to mergers and the purchase of undertakings; and 
- 
Sweden: the Stockholm Branch of Exane SA provides cash equity services (including reception and 
transmission of orders, execution of orders and investment research). 
Exane SA is also passported to carry out investment services activities as per EU regulations regarding freedom of 
services in the following jurisdictions: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, 
Norway, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom.

--- Page 512 ---
512 
 
Employees 
As of 31 December 2020, Exane SA had a total of 511 employees (including expatriate and seconded employees).  
Corporate Governance 
 
The Board of Directors of Exane SA reviews, inter alia, the financial statements and the implementation of internal 
control procedures. 
 
The Company complies with its country’s of incorporation corporate governance regime. 
 
The members of the Board of Directors are: 
 
- 
Alain Papiasse, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
- 
Verner Investissements SAS, Director represented by Mrs Dominique Aubernon 
- 
Benoit Catherine, Director 
- 
Ben Spruntulis, Director 
- 
Nicolas Marque, Director 
- 
Michel Konczaty, Director 
- 
Stéphanie Maarek, Director 
- 
Aurélie Deleuze, Director.  
 
The business address of the members of Board of Directors is 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies, conflicts of interest 
 
Potential conflicts of interest between any duties, to the Company, of any person of the Board of Directors specified 
above and their private interests and/or other duties give rise to a disclosure to the Company’s Board of Directors. In the 
event a Director would have an interest in a transaction, he may not take part in the vote of the relevant board 
resolutions  
 
 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors 
 
Subject to the restrictions set forth in the articles of association, and by law, the Board of Directors sets the strategic 
guidelines for the conduct of the Company's business and oversees their implementation. 
 
Risk, Remuneration and Nomination Committees 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment 
firms (hereinafter referred to as “CRD IV”) as implemented in the French Code monétaire et financier and by the 
French Arrêté relatif au contrôle interne des entreprises du secteur de la banque, des services de paiement et des 
services d'investissement soumis au contrôle de l'Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution dated 3 November 
2014 (the “Decree”), the Company has set up the following Committees: 
 
- 
A Risk Committee set up in accordance with the provisions of article 76 of CRD IV, comprising three non-
executive Directors (Mr. Pierre Lasserre also acting as chairman of the Risk Committee; Mrs. Carole Sirou; 
Mrs. Stéphanie Maarek). As per the provisions of CRD IV, the Risk Committee shall advise the Board of 
Directors on Exane SA’s overall current and future risk appetite and risk mitigating strategy and assist the 
Board of Directors in overseeing the implementation of that strategy by senior management. The Risk 
Committee advises on a group basis, considering the Exane Group prudential consolidation. The risk

--- Page 513 ---
513 
 
Committee shall carry out such duties and responsibilities provided by the French Code monétaire et financier 
and the Decree; 
 
- 
A Remuneration Committee, set up in accordance with the provisions of article 95 of CRD IV, comprising 
three non-executive Directors (Mr Alain Papiasse, also acting as chairman of the Remuneration Committee; 
Mr Frédéric Delattre and Mr Pierre Lasserre). As per applicable rules, the Remuneration committee is 
responsible for the preparation of decisions regarding remuneration, including those which have implications 
for the risk and risk management of the institution concerned and which are to be taken by the Board of 
Directors; 
 
- 
A Nomination Committee set up in accordance with the provisions of article 88 of CRD IV, comprising three 
non-executive Directors (Mr. Frédéric Delattre, chairing the Nomination Committee; Mr. Pierre Lasserre; Mrs. 
Dominique Aubernon). The Nomination Committee’s responsibilities and functions are set out under article 88 
of CRD IV, the French Code monétaire et financier and the Decree and include, inter alia the identification and 
recommendation, for approval by the Directors or by the shareholders, of candidates to replace Directors’ 
vacancies; assessment of the Directors (including regarding their knowledge, skills, diversity and experience) 
and of the Board as a whole (regarding the structure, size, composition and performance); along with 
recommendations regarding the Board policy for selection and appointment of senior management. 
 
The Company has not set up any specific audit committee.  
 
Management committee 
 
Dominique Aubernon was appointed as Chief Executive Officer by the Board of Directors effective as from 13 July 
2021. 
The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the management of the Company. 
 
Benoît Catherine was appointed as Deputy CEO by the Board of Directors effective as from 14 October 2015.  
 
Ben Spruntulis was appointed as Deputy CEO by the Board of Directors effective as from 28 March 2019.  
Auditors 
The auditors of the Company are as follows:  
 
 
Deloitte et Associés 
        
6, place de la Pyramide 
        
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex 
       
France 
 
Appointment: during the Ordinary General Meeting of 12 April 2017 (renewal of the appointment) for a six year term, 
until the General Meeting responsible in 2023 for approving the accounts for the financial year ended on 31 December 
2022. 
Member of the French Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles.  
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
Appointment: during the Ordinary General Meeting of 6 May 2020 (renewal of the appointment) for a six year term, 
until the General Meeting responsible in 2026 for approving the accounts for the financial year ended on 31 December 
2025.

--- Page 514 ---
514 
 
Member of the French Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles. 
Selected financial information 
 
 
In K€ 
31 December 2019  
(audited) 
31 December 2020  
(audited) 
Net Banking 
Income 
288,756 
239,661 
Operating profit 
98,057 
59,531 
Net profit 
21,635 
(7,311) 
Total Assets 
1,760,394 
1,194,473 
Total 
Shareholders’ Equity 
207,378 
200,067 
 
 
Investment 
 
No specific investment has been undertaken since the date of the most recently published accounts or has been the 
subject of firm commitments for a future undertaking.

--- Page 515 ---
515 
 
TAXATION 
Warning: Tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s jurisdiction of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the Securities. 
The following section provides information, on taxes on the income from the Securities withheld at source in respect of 
(i) the country of the registered office of the Issuer and (ii) the countries where offers of Securities to the public may be 
made or admission to trading may be bought.  
The following information provided below does not purport to be a complete overview of the tax laws. Potential 
purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of transactions 
involving Securities.

--- Page 516 ---
516 
 
BELGIAN TAXATION 
Set out below is an overview of certain Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding and selling the Securities. This 
overview is not intended to be an exhaustive description of all relevant Belgian tax considerations and investors should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding such considerations in relation to their own particular circumstances. The 
description of certain Belgian taxes set out below is for general information only and does not purport to be 
comprehensive. In particular, it does not cover the situation of non-residents or the tax treatment of securities which 
may be received upon repurchase or settlement of the Securities. 
This overview is based on current legislation, published case law and other published guidelines and regulations as in 
force at the date of this Base Prospectus and remains subject to any future amendments, which may or may not have 
retroactive effect. 
This overview does not describe the tax consequences for a holder of Securities that are redeemable in exchange for, or 
convertible into shares, of the exercise, settlement or redemption of such Securities and/or any tax consequences after 
the moment of exercise, settlement or redemption. In addition, it does not cover Warrants issued in accordance with the 
rules set out in the Act of 26 March 1999 on the Belgian Action Plan for Employment 1998 and other miscellaneous 
measures.  
Each prospective holder of Securities should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax consequences of an 
investment in the Securities, taking into account the influence of each regional, local or national law.  
For Belgian tax purposes, if interest is in a foreign currency, it is converted into euro on the date of payment or 
attribution. 
1. Belgian income tax 
Structured securities 
On 25 January 2013, the Belgian tax authorities issued a circular letter on the Belgian tax treatment of income from 
structured securities characterised by an uncertain return on investment due to the variation of the coupons or the 
repayment terms at maturity, such as securities whose return is linked to the evolution of underlying products. 
According to the circular letter, the transfer of structured securities to a third party (other than the issuer) results in 
taxation as interest income of the "pro rata interest", calculated on an unclear formulae. In addition, any amount paid in 
excess of the initial issue price upon redemption or repayment of the structured securities is considered as interest for 
Belgian tax purposes. It is highly debatable whether the circular letter is in line with Belgian tax legislation. 
Furthermore, it is unclear whether the Belgian tax authorities will seek to apply the principles set out in the circular 
letter to the structured Securities (the "Structured Securities"). 
It is assumed that any gains realised upon redemption or repayment by the Issuer will indeed be viewed as interest by 
the Belgian tax authorities (and any such gains are therefore referred to as "interest" for the purposes of the following 
paragraphs), but that the effective taxation of the "pro rata interest" in case of sale to a third party (i.e. other than the 
Issuer) would not be possible, on the basis that it is currently impossible to determine the amount of the "pro rata 
interest". 
1.1. Repayment or redemption by the Issuer 
 
a) Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax ("Personenbelasting/Impôt 
des personnes physiques"), who are holding the Structured Securities are subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Structured Securities in Belgium. Other rules may be applicable in special situations, in particular when 
Belgian resident individuals acquire the Structured Securities for professional purposes or when their transactions with 
respect to the Structured Securities fall outside the scope of the normal management of their own private estate or are 
speculative in nature.

--- Page 517 ---
517 
 
Payments of interest (as defined by Belgian tax laws) on the Structured Securities made through a paying agent or other 
financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30% withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the 
interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding taxes). The Belgian withholding tax constitutes the 
final income tax for Belgian resident individuals. This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on 
the Structured Securities in their personal income tax return, provided Belgian withholding tax was levied on these 
interest payments. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest on the Structured Securities in their personal 
income tax return. Also, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent or 
other financial intermediary, the interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be 
declared in the personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared this way will in principle be taxed at a flat 
rate of 30 % (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer's other declared 
income, whichever is more beneficial) and no local surcharges will be due. The Belgian withholding tax levied may be 
credited against the income tax liability and any excess will be refundable. 
b) Belgian resident corporate investors 
Belgian 
corporate 
investors, 
i.e. 
companies 
that 
are 
subject 
to 
Belgian 
corporate 
income 
tax 
("Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés"), are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Structured 
Securities in Belgium. 
Interest received by Belgian resident companies on the Structured Securities will be subject to Belgian corporate 
income tax at the applicable corporate income tax rates (the ordinary corporate income tax rate applicable as of 
assessment year 2021 is 25%, but a lower rate of 20% applies to small companies under certain conditions for the first 
EUR 100,000 of taxable profits). If the income has been subject to a foreign withholding tax, a foreign tax credit will be 
applied on the Belgian tax due. For interest income, the foreign tax credit is generally equal to a fraction where the 
numerator is equal to the foreign tax and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the rate of the foreign tax, up to a 
maximum of 15/85 of the net amount received (subject to some further limitations). Capital losses are in principle tax 
deductible.  
Interest payments on the Structured Securities made through a paying agent or other financial intermediary in Belgium 
are in principle subject to a 30 % withholding tax, but can under certain circumstances be exempt from Belgian 
withholding tax, provided that certain formalities are complied with. For zero or capitalisation bonds, an exemption will 
only apply if the Belgian company and the Issuer are associated companies within the meaning of article 105, 6° of the 
Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992. The withholding tax that has 
been levied is creditable and refundable in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. 
c) Other Belgian legal entities  
Non-corporate legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to Belgian tax on legal 
entities ("Rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales"), are subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Structured Securities in Belgium. 
Payments of interest on the Structured Securities made through a paying agent or other financial intermediary in 
Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 % withholding tax in Belgium and no further tax on legal entities will be 
due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent or other financial 
intermediary and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the legal entity itself is responsible for the 
deduction and payment of the 30% withholding tax.  
d) Non- resident investors  
Interest payments on the Structured Securities made through a financial institution or other intermediary established in 
Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium, unless a reduced BELGIAN

--- Page 518 ---
518 
 
TAXATION 1204 rate or an exemption applies on the basis that the non-resident investor is resident in a country with 
which Belgium has concluded a double taxation agreement and delivers the requested affidavit. Non-resident corporate 
investors who have allocated the Structured Securities to the exercise of a professional activity in Belgium through a 
permanent establishment are in principle subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident corporate investors (see 
"Repayment or redemption by the Issuer – Belgian resident corporate investors" above). Non-resident corporate 
investors who have not allocated the Structured Securities to a Belgian establishment can also rely on an exemption 
from Belgian withholding tax on interest in respect of the Structured Securities if certain conditions are met. No other 
Belgian income tax will be payable by these investors. If the income is not collected through a professional 
intermediary in Belgium, no Belgian withholding tax will be payable. 
1.2. Sale to a third party  
No Belgian withholding tax should apply to the sale of the Structured Securities. 
a) Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax ("Personenbelasting/Impôt 
des personnes physiques"), are currently not liable to Belgian income tax on the capital gains (if any) realised upon 
disposal of the Structured Securities to a third party, provided that the Structured Securities have not been used for their 
professional activity and that the capital gain is realised within the framework of the normal management of their 
private estate and is not speculative in nature. Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Structured Securities held as a 
non-professional investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
However, capital gains on the Structured Securities may be subject to a 33% Belgian income tax (plus local surcharges) 
if they are deemed to be speculative or outside the scope of the normal management of a private estate. Capital losses 
arising from such transactions are not tax deductible. 
Capital gains realised upon transfer of Structured Securities held for professional purposes are taxable at the ordinary 
progressive income tax rates (plus local surcharges), except for Structured Securities held for more than five years as 
fixed assets, which are taxable at a separate flat rate of 16.5% (plus local surcharges). Capital losses on the Structured 
Securities incurred by Belgian resident individuals holding the Structured Securities for professional purposes are in 
principle tax deductible. 
b) Belgian resident corporate investors 
Corporations that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to Belgian Corporate Income Tax 
("Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés"), are liable to Belgian corporate income tax on the capital gains (if any) 
realised upon disposal of the Structured Securities to a third party, irrespective of whether such Structured Securities 
relate to shares or other assets or indices. The current standard corporate income tax rate in Belgium is 25% (20% for 
small companies under certain conditions for the first EUR 100,000 of taxable profits). 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Structured Securities are in principle tax deductible. 
c) Other Belgian legal entities 
Non-corporate legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to Belgian tax on legal 
entities ("Rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales"), are currently not liable to Belgian income tax on 
capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Structured Securities to a third party. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Structured Securities are in principle not tax deductible. 
d) Non-resident investors 
Investors who are not considered Belgian residents for tax purposes can be subject to Belgian non-resident income tax 
("Belasting van niet-inwoners/impôt des non-résidents"), in which case they are subject to the following tax treatment

--- Page 519 ---
519 
 
with respect to the Notes in Belgium. Capital gains realised upon disposal of the Structured Securities by non-residents 
that have not acquired and do not hold the Structured Securities in connection with a business conducted in Belgium 
through a fixed base in Belgium or a Belgian permanent establishment are, in principle, not subject to taxation in 
Belgium. For non-resident investors holding the Structured Securities in connection with a business conducted in 
Belgium through a fixed base in Belgium or a Belgian permanent establishment, capital gains realised on the disposal of 
the Structured Securities are generally subject to the same tax regime as Belgian resident companies or Belgian resident 
inviduals holding the Structured Securities for professional purposes (see "Sale to a third party - Belgian resident 
individual investors" and "Sale to a third party – Belgian resident corporate investors" above). 
Other Securities 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian withholding tax considerations with respect to Securities other 
than Structured Securities. 
For Belgian tax purposes, periodic interest income and amounts paid by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (whether 
or not on the maturity date) are qualified and taxable as “interest”. In addition, if the Securities qualify as fixed income 
securities within the meaning of article 2, §1, 8°of the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992, in case of a realisation of the 
Securities between two interest payment dates, an income equal to the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the 
holding period is also taxable as interest. 
For the purposes of the following paragraphs, any such gains and accrued interest are therefore referred to as interest. 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax ("Personenbelasting/Impôt 
des personnes physiques"), and who hold the Securities as a private investment, are in Belgium subject to the following 
tax treatment with respect to the Securities.  
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Securities as a private investment.  
Payments of interest on the Securities made through a paying agent or other financial intermediary in Belgium will in 
principle be subject to a 30% withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any 
non-Belgian withholding taxes). The Belgian withholding tax constitutes the final tax for Belgian resident individuals. 
This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the Securities in their personal income tax return, 
provided Belgian withholding tax was levied on these interest payments.  
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest on the Structured Securities in their personal 
income tax return. Also, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent, the 
interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the personal income tax 
return. Interest income which is declared this way will in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30% (or at the relevant 
progressive personal income tax rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer's other declared income, whichever is more 
beneficial) and no local surcharges will be due. The Belgian withholding tax levied may be credited against the income 
tax liability. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Securities are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains are realised 
outside the scope of the normal management of one’s private estate or are speculative in nature or unless the capital 
gains qualify as interest (as defined above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible.  
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian 
resident 
companies, 
i.e. 
companies 
that 
are 
subject 
to 
Belgian 
corporate 
income 
tax 
("Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés"), are in Belgium subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the 
Securities.

--- Page 520 ---
520 
 
Interest derived by Belgian resident companies on the Securities and capital gains realised on the Securities will be 
subject to Belgian Corporate Income Tax at the applicable corporate income tax rates (the ordinary corporate income 
tax rate applicable as of assessment year 2021 is 25%, but a lower rate of 20% applies to small companies under certain 
conditions for the first EUR 100,000 of taxable profits). If the income has been subject to a foreign withholding tax, a 
foreign tax credit will be applied on the Belgian tax due. For interest income, the foreign tax credit is generally equal to 
a fraction where the numerator is equal to the foreign tax and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the rate of the 
foreign tax, up to a maximum of 15/85 of the net amount received (subject to some further limitations). Capital losses 
are in principle tax deductible.  
Interest payments on the Securities made through a paying agent or other financial intermediary in Belgium are in 
principle be subject to a 30% withholding tax, but can under certain circumstances be exempt from Belgian withholding 
tax, provided that certain formalities are complied with. For zero or capitalisation bonds, an exemption will only apply 
if the Belgian company and the Issuer are associated companies within the meaning of article 105, 6° of the Royal 
Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992. The withholding tax that has been 
levied is creditable and refundable in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. 
Belgian non-profit legal entities  
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
("Rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales"), are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the 
Securities in Belgium.  
Payments of interest on the Securities made through a paying agent or other financial intermediary in Belgium will in 
principle be subject to a 30 % withholding tax in Belgium and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest.  
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent or other financial 
intermediary and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the Belgian non-profit legal entity itself is 
responsible for the declaration and payment of the 30 % withholding tax.  
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Securities are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gain qualifies as interest 
(as defined). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible.  
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
The sale and acquisition of the Structured Securities on the secondary market is subject to a tax on stock exchange 
transaction ("Taks op de beursverrichtingen/Taxe sur les opérations de bourse") if (i) executed in Belgium through a 
professional intermediary, or (ii) deemed to be executed in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly or 
indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by private individuals with 
habitual residence in Belgium, or legal entities for the account of their seat or establishment in Belgium.  
The tax is currently due at a rate of 0.12% for debt securities and 0.35% for other securities on each sale and acquisition 
separately, with a maximum of EUR 1,300 per taxable transaction for debt securities and EUR 1,600 for other 
securities. A separate tax is due by each party to the transaction, and both taxes are collected by the professional 
intermediary. However, if the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax will in principle be due by the 
ordering private individual or legal entity, unless that individual or entity can demonstrate that the tax has already been 
paid. Professional intermediaries established outside of Belgium can, subject to certain conditions and formalities, 
appoint a Belgian responsible representative for tax purposes, which will be liable for the tax on stock exchange 
transactions in respect of the transactions executed through the professional intermediary. Exemptions apply for certain 
categories of non-residents and institutional investors. Transactions on the primary market are not subject to the tax on 
stock exchange transaction. 
As stated above, the European Commission has published a draft Directive for a common financial transactions tax (the 
"FTT"). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member States shall not 
maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 
2006/112/EC of November 28, 2006 on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock

--- Page 521 ---
521 
 
exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. The proposal is still subject to 
negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time.

--- Page 522 ---
522 
 
FRENCH TAXATION 
The following is an overview of certain French tax consequences in relation to the holding of the Securities. It is based 
on the legislation as of the date of the Base Prospectus and may be subject to any changes in law or interpretation 
thereof (potentially with a retroactive effect). It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all French tax 
considerations that may be relevant for a decision to invest in the Securities. The tax treatment for each investor 
depends on the particular situation. Investors are advised to consult their professional tax advisers as to the respective 
French tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, exercise or settlement of the Securities in light of 
their particular circumstances. 
Withholding tax on Securities issued by the Issuer 
The withholding tax treatment will depend on the nature and characterisation of the Securities issued by the Issuer. 
Securities constituting debt instruments for French tax purposes 
The following may be relevant to holders of Securities constituting debt instruments for French tax purposes who do not 
concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
Securities which are not consolidated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with securities issued before 1 
March 2010 
Payments of interest and other revenues with respect to Securities issued by the Issuer which constitute debt instruments 
for French tax purposes (other than Securities which are consolidated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) and 
form a single series with securities issued prior to 1 March 2010 having the benefit of Article 131 quater of the French 
Code général des impôts) will not be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code 
général des impôts unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (État ou 
territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a 
Non-Cooperative State). If such payments under such Securities are made in a Non-Cooperative State, a 75% 
withholding tax will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions described below and the more favourable provisions of 
an applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other revenues with 
respect to such Securities are not deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are paid or accrued to persons 
domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a financial institution established in 
such a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest 
and other revenues may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 and seq. of the French 
Code général des impôts, in which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the 
withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts, at a rate of (i) 12.8% for 
payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents, (ii) the standard corporate incorme tax rate set forth 
in Article 219-I of the French Code Général des impôts for fiscal year beginning as from 1 January 2021 (ie 26.5% for 
the fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2021 or (iii) 75% for payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative 
State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code general des impôts (subject to the 
more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75% withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code 
général des impôts nor the Deductibility Exclusion will apply in respect of an issue of Securities if the Issuer can prove 
that the principal purpose and effect of such issue of Securities was not that of allowing the payments of interest or 
other revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the Exception). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances 
Publiques-Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30-24/02/2021, no. 150, BOIRPPM-RCM-30-10-20-40-20/12/2019, BOI-IR-
DOMIC-10-20-20-60-20/12/2019, no. 10, an issue of Securities will benefit from the Exception without the Issuer 
having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Securities, if such Securities are:

--- Page 523 ---
523 
 
− 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L. 411-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-cooperative State. For this purpose, an 
"equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a 
foreign securities market authority; or 
− 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such market 
is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, or by such other similar foreign entity, 
provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not located in a Non-
Cooperative State; or 
− 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities clearing and 
delivery and payments systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is 
not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Securities held by individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France 
Where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A of the French général 
des impôts, subject to certain exceptions, interest and other revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled 
(domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8% withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal 
income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and 
other related contributions) are also levied by way of withholding at a global rate of 17.2% on such interest and other 
revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France. 
Securities not constituting debt instruments for French tax purposes 
Subject to the immediately following paragraph, payments in respect of Securities issued by the Issuer which do not 
constitute debt instruments for French tax purposes should not be subject to, or else benefit from an exemption from 
French withholding tax provided that the beneficial owner of such Securities and the payments thereunder is resident or 
domiciled in France or in a country which has entered into an appropriate double tax treaty with France, fulfils the 
relevant requirements set out in such treaty and payments under the relevant Securities are not paid or accrued to 
persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperartive State or paid in such a Non-cooperative State. 
In addition, payments in respect of such Securities may, in certain circumstances, be non-deductible (in whole or in 
part) for French tax purposes if they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State 
or paid in such a Non-Cooperative State. Under certain conditions, and subject to the more favourable provisions of an 
applicable double tax treaty, such non-deductible payments in respect of such Securities may be recharacterised as 
constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 and seq of the French Code général des impôts subject to the 
withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts at a rate of up to 75%. 
Potential purchasers of Securities who are resident or domiciled in a country which has not entered into an appropriate 
double tax treaty with France or who are domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State are advised to consult 
their own appropriate independent and professionally qualified tax advisors as to the tax consequences of any 
investment in, ownership of or transactions involving the Securities. 
Transfer tax and other taxes 
The following may be relevant in connection with Securities which may be settled, redeemed or repaid by way of 
physical delivery of certain French listed shares (or certain assimilated securities) or securities representing such 
shares (and assimilated securities). 
The French financial transaction tax provided under Article 235 ter ZD of the French Code général des impôts (the 
French FTT) is applicable, subject to certain exceptions, to any acquisitions for consideration, resulting in a transfer of 
ownership, of (i) equity securities (titres de capital) as defined by Article L.212-1 A of the French Code monétaire et

--- Page 524 ---
524 
 
financier or assimilated equity securities (titres de capital assimilés) as defined by Article L.211-41 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange when the said securities are issued by a 
company whose registered office is situated in France and whose market capitalisation exceeds 1 billion Euros on 1 
December of the year preceding the year in which the imposition occurs (the "French Shares") or (ii) securities (titres) 
representing French Shares (irrespective of the location of the issuer of such securities). The French FTT could apply in 
certain circumstances to the acquisition of French Shares (or securities representing French Shares) in connection with 
the repayment, redemption or settlement of any Securities. 
There are a number of exemptions from the French FTT and investors should consult with their counsel to identify 
whether they can benefit from them. 
The rate of the French FTT is 0.3% of the acquisition value of the French Shares (or the securities representing the 
French Shares).If the French FTT applies to an acquisition of French Shares, this transaction is exempt from transfer 
taxes (droits de mutation à titre onéreux) which generally apply at a rate of 0.1% to the sale of shares issued by a 
company whose registered office is situated in France, provided that in case of shares listed on a recognised stock 
exchange, transfer taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced by a written deed or agreement.

--- Page 525 ---
525 
 
IRISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland of certain matters 
regarding the tax position of investors who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Securities. Particular rules 
not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Securities, including dealers in securities 
and trusts. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature 
only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of 
Securities. Prospective investors in the Securities should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Securities and the receipt of payments thereon 
under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
 
Withholding Tax 
 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 25 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments of Irish source 
interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of interest on the Securities so long 
as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest paid on the Securities may be treated as having an Irish 
source if: 
 
(a) 
the Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of which 
are used to fund the payments on the Securities; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Securities is 
maintained in Ireland or (if the Securities are in bearer form) the Securities are physically 
held in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that, (i) the Issuer is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) the Issuer does not and 
will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; and (iii) bearer Securities will not be physically located in 
Ireland and the Issuer will not maintain a register of any registered Securities in Ireland. 
 
Encashment Tax 
 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per 
cent.) on any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect of the stocks, funds, shares or securities 
of a company not resident in Ireland, where such interest, dividends or annual payments are collected or realised by a 
bank or encashment agent in Ireland for payment to any person who is Irish resident. 
 
Encashment tax will not apply where the holder of the Securities is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration in 
the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank. 
 
 
 
 
Taxation of Receipts 
Notwithstanding that a Noteholder may receive payments of interest, premium or discount on the Securities free of Irish 
withholding tax, the Noteholder may still be liable to pay Irish income or corporation tax (and in the case of individuals, 
the universal social charge) on such interest if (i) such interest has an Irish source, (ii) the Noteholder is resident or (in 
the case of a person other than a body corporate) ordinarily resident in Ireland for tax purposes (in which case there may 
also be a social insurance (PRSI) liability for an individual in receipt of interest on the Securities), or (iii) the Securities 
are attributed to a branch or agency of the Noteholder in Ireland. Ireland operates a self-assessment system in respect of 
income and corporation tax, and each person must assess its own liability to Irish tax.  
Relief from Irish income tax may be available under the specific provisions of a double taxation agreement between 
Ireland and the country of residence of the recipient. 
Capital Gains Tax

--- Page 526 ---
526 
 
A Noteholder will be subject to Irish tax on capital gains realised on a disposal of Securities unless such holder is 
neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and the Securities were not used in or for the purposes of a trade 
carried on by the Noteholder in Ireland through a branch or agency and were not used or held or acquired for the 
purposes of such a branch or agency. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Securities will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax (which subject to 
available exemptions and reliefs is currently levied at 33 per cent.) if either (i) the disponer or the donee/successor in 
relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or in certain circumstances, if the disponer 
is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the done/successor) on the relevant date or (ii) if the 
Securities are regarded as property situate in Ireland. A foreign domiciled individual will not be regarded as being 
resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland at the date of the gift or inheritance unless that individual (i) has been resident 
in Ireland for the five consecutive tax years immediately preceding the tax year in which the gift or inheritance is taken, 
and (ii) is either resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland on that date.  
Bearer Securities are generally regarded as situated where they are physically located at any particular time. Securities 
in registered form are regarded as property situate in Ireland if the register of the Securities is in Ireland. The Securities 
may, however, be regarded as situated in Ireland regardless of their physical location if they secure a debt due by an 
Irish resident debtor and/or are secured over Irish property. Accordingly, if Irish situate Securities are comprised in a 
gift or inheritance, the gift or inheritance may be within the charge to tax regardless of the residence status of the 
disponer or the donee/successor. 
Stamp Duty On Transfer Of Securities 
 
As the Issuer is not registered in Ireland, stamp duty will not arise on a document effecting a transfer of the Securities so 
long as the instrument of transfer of the Securities does not relate to: 
 
(a) 
any immoveable property situated in Ireland or any right over or interest in such property; or 
(b) 
any stocks or marketable Securities of a company which is registered in Ireland (other than a 
company which is (a) an investment undertaking within the meaning of section 739B of the 
Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 (“TCA”) or (b) a qualifying company within the meaning of 
section 110 of the TCA).

--- Page 527 ---
527 
 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The following is a general overview of the principal Italian tax issues at the date hereof in relation to certain aspects of 
the Italian taxation on payments of principal and interest in respect of the Securities. The statements do not deal with 
other Italian tax aspects regarding the Securities and relate only to the position of persons who are beneficial owners of 
the Securities. The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a 
retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Securities and 
does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective investors are advised to consult their 
own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their interest in the Securities. This summary may not 
provide prospective investors with a comprehensive description of the tax consequences of an investment in Securities 
that are redeemed by physical delivery.  
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities may be different depending on whether: 
(a) they represent a securitized debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which 
the subscriber of the Securities transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital for the purpose of obtaining 
remuneration on the same capital and subject to the right to obtain its (partial or entire) reimbursement at 
maturity; or 
(b) they represent a securitized derivative financial instrument or bundle of derivative financial instruments that do 
not entail a "use of capital", through which the subscriber of the Securities invests indirectly in underlying 
financial instruments for the purpose of obtaining a profit deriving from the terms of such underlying financial 
instruments. 
Italian Resident Holders 
Interest on Securities 
Interest, premiums and other proceeds relating to Securities which qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar 
to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) and are issued by a non-Italian resident are subject, pursuant to Legislative 
Decree no. 239 of 1 April 1996 (the Decree no. 239), to an imposta sostitutiva equal to 26%. For this purpose, 
debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not 
lower than their nominal value. Such imposta sostitutiva is applied on interest and other proceeds accrued during the 
relevant holding period received by (i) an Italian individual otherwise than in connection with entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Securities are connected (unless he has entrusted the management of his financial assets, including the 
Securities, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the Asset Management Option according to Legislative 
Decree no. 461 of 21 November 1997, the Decree no. 461); (ii) Italian partnerships (other than società in nome 
collettivo, società in accomandita semplice or similar partnerships), de facto partnerships not carrying out commercial 
activities and professional associations as indicated in Article 5 of Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986; 
(iii) an Italian non-commercial private or public entity, or a trust not carrying out a commercial activity; or (iv) the 
Italian State and public entities or Italian entities exempt from Italian corporate income taxation. In case the Holders 
described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities are connected, the 
imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and may be deducted from the final income tax due by the relevant 
Holder. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not 
acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta 
sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Securities if the Securities are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraph 100-
114 of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, as amended ("Law No. 232"), and in Article 1(210-215) of Law No. 145 of 
30 December 2018 (the "Finance Act 2019"), as implemented by the Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019, or, for long-

--- Page 528 ---
528 
 
term individual savings accounts (piani individuali di risparmio a lungo termine) established as of 1 January 2020, the 
requirements set forth in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 ("Decree No. 124") as converted 
with amendments into law by Law No. 159 of 19 December 2019, as amended from time to time. 
No imposta sostitutiva is due with respect to interest and other proceeds paid to Italian resident companies, commercial 
partnerships, or trusts carrying out a commercial activity or Italian permanent establishments of non-resident companies 
and the Securities are deposited with an authorised intermediary. Such proceeds must be included in the relevant 
Holder's taxable income subject to Italian corporate income tax (IRES, levied at the rate of 24 per cent.) and, in certain 
circumstances depending on the "status" of the Holders, also as part of its net value of production for the purposes of 
regional tax on productive activities (IRAP, generally levied at the rate of 3.9 per cent., even though regional surcharges 
may apply). 
If the Holder is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, or a SICAV (an investment 
company with variable capital) established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their manager 
is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the Fund), and the relevant Securities are held by an authorised 
intermediary, income accrued during the holding period on the Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results but a 
withholding tax of 26 % will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders (the Collective Investment Fund Tax). The same tax regime applies to payments of interest made to 
Italian resident SICAF not mainly investing in real estate assets and governed by Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 
2014. 
Where an Italian resident Holder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 of the Legislative 
Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005, as subsequently amended) and the Securities are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, income relating to the Securities and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject 
to an 20% substitute tax. 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 (the Decree no. 351) payments of 
interest made to in respect of the Securities made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to 
Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law 
No. 86 of 25 January 1994 are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of a real 
estate investment fund. A withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of 26 per cent. on distributions 
made by real estate investment funds. The same tax regime applies to payments of interest made to an Italian resident 
SICAF mainly investing in real estate assets and governed by Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014. 
Pursuant to Decree no. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di Intermediazione Mobiliare (“SIMs”), 
fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree 
of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (each an Intermediary).  
For the Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva, it must (a) be resident in Italy, be a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary, or be an entity or a company not resident in Italy, 
acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of 
Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 
239; and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Securities. For the purpose of the 
application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Securities includes any assignment or other act, either with or 
without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Securities or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which the Securities are deposited.  
Where the Securities are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any 
entity paying interest to a Holder. If interest and other proceeds on the Securities are not collected through an 
Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, the Italian resident beneficial 
owners listed above under (a) to (d) (inclusive) will be required to include interest and other proceeds in their yearly 
income tax return and subject them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent. The Italian individual Investor may 
elect instead to pay ordinary personal income tax ("IRPEF") at the applicable progressive rates in respect of the

--- Page 529 ---
529 
 
payments; if so, the Investor should generally benefit from a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside of Italy, if 
any. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Securities that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 
26% pursuant to Article 8 of Law Decree no. 512 of 30 September 1983. This withholding tax is applied by the Italian 
resident intermediary intervening in the payment save where Securities are held by a commercial partnership, a 
commercial private and public institution resident in Italy for tax purposes or by an Italian permanent establishment of a 
non-Italian resident entity. These entities must include the proceeds in their taxable business income.  
Capital gains 
Capital gains arising from certificates or derivative investments or realised on the disposal of the Securities by an 
Holder which is (a) an Italian resident corporation or similar commercial entity, (b) an Italian individual engaged in 
entrepreneurial activities to which the Securities are effectively connected, or (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
non-Italian resident to which the Securities are effectively connected, as well as unrealised gains reported in the 
statutory financial statements, must be included in the relevant Holder's taxable income subject to corporate income tax 
(IRES) and, in certain circumstances depending on the "status" of such Holder, also as part of the net value of 
production for IRAP purposes. 
According to article 5 of Decree no. 461, capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals, not engaged in 
entrepreneurial activities to which the Securities are effectively connected, and by certain other non-commercial entities 
upon the sale for consideration or settlement of the Securities are subject to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) 
currently at the rate of 26%. In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the 
three regimes described below.  
a) Under the tax return regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the standard regime for taxation of capital gains 
realised by Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities are 
connected, imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital 
gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised in a fiscal year pursuant to all disposals of Securities and other 
financial instruments triggering a capital gain that is subject to the same tax regime, carried out during any given 
fiscal year. These individuals and non-commercial entities must report the overall capital gains realised in any tax 
year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual income tax return to be filed with the Italian tax 
authorities for such year and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be 
carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under Law Decree No. 
66/2014, available capital losses can be carried forward against capital gains realised as of 1 July 2014 (i) for 
48.08 per cent. of their amount, if the losses were realised until 31 December 2011; or (ii) for 76.92 per cent. of 
their amount, if the losses were realised between 1 January 2012 and 30 June 2014. 
b) As an alternative to the tax return regime, according to article 6 of Decree no. 461, Italian resident individuals not 
engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Securities are effectively connected and certain other non-
commercial entities may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on the capital gains realised upon each sale 
or settlement of the Securities (under a so-called "Risparmio Amministrato" regime, which is managed through the 
provision of non-discretionary asset management services to the taxpayer). Such a separate taxation of each capital 
gain is allowed subject to: (a) the Securities being deposited with an Italian bank, a Società di Intermediazione 
Mobiliare (SIM) or with certain authorised financial intermediaries, (b) each relevant capital gain being realised 
through such intermediary, and (c) an express election for the Risparmio Amministrato regime being timely made 
in writing by the relevant Holder. The financial intermediary, also on the basis of the information provided by the 
taxpayer, accounts for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or settlement of 
Securities (as well as in respect of capital gains realised at revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital 
loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount of tax to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from proceeds to be credited to the Holders. Under the Risparmio Amministrato 
regime, where a sale or settlement of Securities results in a capital loss, such loss may be used to reduce the

--- Page 530 ---
530 
 
subsequent capital gains realised in the same tax year and up to the following fourth. Capital losses may be carried 
forward to be offset against capital gains of the same nature realised after 30 June 2014 for an overall amount of: 
(i) 48.08% of the same nature realised before 1 January 2012; (ii) 76.92% of the capital losses realised from 1 
January 2012 to 30 June 2014. All gains that have been subject to the Risparmio Amministrato regime do not have 
to be included in the yearly income tax return of the Holders.  
c) Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian resident individual investors holding the Securities not in 
connection with a commercial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the 
Securities, to an authorised intermediary and have validly opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime (the 
regime provided by Article 7 of Decree No. 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, 
to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under Law Decree No. 66/2014 depreciation of the managed 
assets accrued as of 30 June 2014 and not yet compensated can be carried forward against increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued as of 1 July 2014 (i) for 48.08 per cent. of its amount, if accrued until 31 December 2011; 
or (ii) for 76.92 per cent. of its amount, if the registered between 1 January 2012 and 30 June 2014. Under the 
risparmio gestito regime, the Investor is not required to declare the capital gains realised in its annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in respect of 
Securities realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Securities not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, 
if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
pursuant Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232. 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder which is a Fund or a SICAV will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund or SICAV, but subsequent 
distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Tax. The same 
tax regime applies to capital gains realised by an Italian resident SICAF not mainly investing in real estate assets and 
governed by Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014. 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder which is an Italian pension fund will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20% Substitute tax. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident real estate fund to which the provisions of Decree no.351 apply, will be 
subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real estate fund. The same tax 
regime applies to capital gains realised by an Italian resident SICAF mainly investing in real estate assets and governed 
by Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014.. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders 
No Italian withholding tax or imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Holder of interest or 
premium relating to the Securities provided that, if the Securities are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other 
resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in any case an Italian resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of interest on such 
Securities, the non-Italian resident Holder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or other intermediary a self-
declaration stating itself to be a non-Italian resident according to Italian tax regulations. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders from the sale or settlement of the Securities are not subject to 
Italian taxation, provided that the Securities are (1) transferred on regulated markets, or (2) held outside Italy. 
The 26% imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital gains realised 
upon sale, transfer or settlement of the Securities by non-Italian resident individuals and corporations without a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Securities are effectively connected, if the Securities are held in Italy.

--- Page 531 ---
531 
 
However, any capital gains realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Securities are effectively connected through the sale for consideration or settlement of the Securities are exempt from 
taxation in Italy to the extent that the Securities are listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad. 
If the Securities are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, non-Italian resident Holders, with no permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Securities are effectively connected are exempt from the imposta sostitutiva on any 
capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or settlement of the Securities if they are resident, for tax purposes, in 
a country which recognises the Italian fiscal authorities' right to an adequate exchange of information. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Securities are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy, providing that capital 
gains realised upon sale or settlement of Securities are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or settlement 
of the Securities. 
Inheritance and Gift Taxes 
Italian inheritance and gift tax has to be paid at the transfer of assets (such as the Securities) and rights by reason of 
death or gift and the creation of liens on such assets for a specific purpose (vincoli di destinazione). 
The inheritance and gift tax applies as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct relatives are subject to a registration tax of 4% 
on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding EUR 1,000,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of brothers and sisters are subject to a registration tax of 6% on the value of the inheritance 
or the gift exceeding EUR 100,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
(c) 
transfers in favour of relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are subject to a 
registration tax of 6% on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
(d) 
any other transfer is subject to a registration tax of 8% on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; and 
(e) 
transfers in favour of seriously disabled persons are subject to a registration tax at the relevant rate as described 
above on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding EUR 1,500,000.00 for each beneficiary. 
(f) 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements, transfers of Securities as a result of death (but not as a result of 
an inter vivos gift or other transfers for no consideration) of Italian resident individuals holding the Securities 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from Italian inheritance tax if the Securities 
are included in a longterm individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
pursuant Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232. 
Transfer Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarised 
deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private authenticate) executed in Italy are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of Euro 
200; (ii) private deeds (scritture private authenticate) are subject to registration tax at rate of Euro 200 only in case of 
use or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the Decree no. 201), a proportional stamp duty 
applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by financial intermediaries to 
their clients in respect of any Security deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2% and cannot exceed

--- Page 532 ---
532 
 
EUR 14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if 
no market value figure is available – the nominal value or settlement amount of the Securities held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian ministry of Economy on 24 May 
2012, the stamp dusty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy 
on 20 June 2012 of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian 
territory). It may be understood that the stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident investors, to 
the extent that the notes are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
Wealth tax on Securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree no. 201, Italian resident individuals holding the Securities outside the Italian 
territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2%. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value figure 
is available – the nominal value or the settlement value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory. 
Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the 
financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Italian Financial Transaction Tax (IFTT) 
As of 1 March 2013 Italian shares and other participating instruments, as well as depository receipts representing those 
shares and participating instruments irrespective of the relevant issuer (cumulatively referred to as In-Scope Shares), 
received by an Investor upon physical settlement of the Securities may be subject to 0.2% Italian Finance Transaction 
Tax (IFTT) calculated on the value of the Securities as determined according to Article 4 of Ministerial Decree of 21 
February 2013, as amended (the "IFTT Decree"). 
Investors on derivative transactions or transferable derivatives and certain equity-linked notes mainly having as 
underlying or mainly linked to In-Scope Shares are subject to IFTT at a rate ranging between €0.01875 and €200 per 
counterparty, depending on the notional value of the relevant derivative transaction or transferable securities calculated 
pursuant to Article 9 of the IFTT. IFTT applies upon subscription, negotiation or modification of the derivative 
transactions or transferable securities. The tax rate may be reduced to a fifth if the transaction is executed on certain 
qualifying regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities. 
The FTT is levied and paid by the subject (generally a financial intermediary) that is involved, in any way, in the 
execution of the transaction. Intermediaries which are not resident in Italy but are liable to apply the FTT can appoint an 
Italian tax representative for the purposes of the FTT. If no intermediary is involved in the execution of the transaction, 
the FTT must be paid by the taxpayers. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers also on the possible 
impact of the FTT. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Italian resident individuals (and certain other entities) are required to report in their yearly income tax return, according 
to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted into law by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, for tax monitoring 
purposes, the amount of Securities held abroad (or beneficially owned abroad under Italian anti-money laundering 
provisions). This also applies in the case that at the end of the tax year, Securities are no longer held by the above Italian 
resident individuals and entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required in case the financial assets are deposited for management with 
Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or other professional intermediaries, indicated in article 1 of Decree No. 167 
of 28 June 1990, or if one of such intermediaries intervenes, also as a counterpart, in their transfer, provided that income 
deriving from such financial assets is collected through the intervention of such an intermediary. 
Payments under the Exane Guarantee

--- Page 533 ---
533 
 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by the Guarantor under the 
Exane Guarantee. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax authorities will not assert an alternative 
treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian court would not sustain such an alternative 
treatment. 
With respect to payments made to Italian resident Holders of Securities by a non-Italian resident Guarantor, in 
accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payment made by the Italian non-resident Guarantor 
could be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the relevant Issuer and would thus be subject to the tax 
regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section.

--- Page 534 ---
534 
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained 
within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the Luxembourg tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or 
dispose of the Securities. In particular, this information does not describe the tax consequences for a holder of 
Securities that are redeemable in exchange for, or convertible into, shares. Prospective investors in the 
Securities should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign 
laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
We draw your attention to the fact that reference to “residence” which is used in the developments below solely 
applies for the purposes of Luxembourg taw law. Any reference in the present section to withholding tax or tax 
of a similar nature or to any other concepts, only refers to Luxembourg tax laws and/or concepts. 
Witholding Tax 
Non-resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of 
the Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon settlement or repurchase of the Securities 
held by non-resident holders of Securities. 
Resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as amended 
(the Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg 
resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Securities, nor is any Luxembourg 
withholding tax payable upon settlement or repurchase of Securities held by Luxembourg resident holders of 
Securities. 
Under the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be 
subject to a withholding tax of currently 20%. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the 
beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility 
for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the 
Securities coming within the scope of the Law would be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of currently 20%.

--- Page 535 ---
535 
 
SWISS TAXATION 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) Securities 
where the holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax presence in Switzerland or (ii) Securities where 
the paying agent, custodian or securities dealer is located in Switzerland. The discussion is based on 
legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the 
Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to invest in securities. The tax treatment for each 
investor depends on the particular situation. All investors are advised to consult with their professional tax 
advisors as to the respective Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or 
redemption of securities (or options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of securities issued by a non-Swiss Issuer are currently not subject to the Swiss 
withholding tax ("Verrechnungssteuer"), provided that the Issuer of the securities is at all times domiciled and 
effectively managed outside of Switzerland. 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council proposed draft legislation and opened the consultation procedure 
regarding the reform of the Swiss withholding tax regime, which had previously been suspended. A main aspect 
of the draft legislation is the exemption of Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors from withholding 
tax on Swiss domestic interest-based investments. In essence, the draft legislation would replace the current 
debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding 
tax. Broadly, this paying agent-based regime would (i) subject all interest payments made through paying agents 
in Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland to Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss 
withholding tax interest payments to all other persons, including to Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign 
investors (other than for indirect interest payments via foreign and domestic collective investments vehicles). If 
such a new paying agent-based regime were to be enacted and were to result in the deduction or withholding of 
Swiss withholding tax on any interest payments in respect of the Securities, the Securities would not be entitled 
to receive any additional amounts as a result of such deduction or withholding under the terms of the Securities. 
However, the results of the consultation, which ended on 10 July 2020, were controversial. Consequently, on 15 
April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council submitted a new draft on the reform of the Swiss withholding tax system 
providing for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments on bonds for Swiss tax purposes for 
submission to the Swiss Federal Parliament. 
Income Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder 
(a) 
Structured Products 
If a Security classifies as a structured product, its income taxation depends on whether the bond and the 
derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recorded separately from each other and whether the 
Security classifies as a structured product with or without a predominant one-time interest payment. 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not recorded separately from the 
embedded derivative financial instrument(s), the Security classifies as non-transparent structured product and 
any return over the initial investment classifies as a taxable interest payment. Non-transparent derivative 
financial instruments generally include a predominant one-time interest payment. If so, Swiss resident private 
investors will be taxed on any interest payments and on any gains, including capital and foreign exchange gains, 
realised on the Securities (differential taxation method). 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest payment: If the embedded 
bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-maturity 
predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time interest-payment (see below "—
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment"), then any periodic 
interest payment and the one-time interest payment is taxed when paid to the holder of the Security. A gain, 
including interest accrued, realised on the sale of a Security is a tax-free private capital gain, whereas a loss is a 
non-tax-deductible private capital loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Securities held as Private Assets by 
a Swiss Resident Holder"). The same applies if the Security is redeemed except that interest accrued is taxed 
when paid.

--- Page 536 ---
536 
 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment: If the embedded 
bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-maturity 
predominantly derives from a one-time interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment 
premium, and not from periodic interest payments, then any periodic interest payments at sale or redemption of 
the Security as well as the difference between the value of the embedded bond at sale or redemption and its value 
at issuance or purchase, as applicable, converted, in each case, into Swiss francs at the rate of exchange 
prevailing at the time of sale, redemption, issuance or purchase constitutes taxable income (modified differential 
taxation method). A value decrease on the embedded bond realised on the sale or redemption of the Security may 
be offset against any gains (including periodic interest payments) realised within the same taxation period from 
all financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment. Any residual return realised on the 
embedded derivative financial instrument(s) is a tax-free private capital gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-
deductible private capital loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss 
Resident Holder"). 
(b) 
Pure Derivative Financial Instruments 
Periodic and one-time dividend equalisation payments realised on a Security which classifies as a pure derivative 
financial instrument (such as pure call and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not 
exceeding one year, pure futures, static certificates replicating an index or a basket of at least five shares and 
with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption right) and which is held as part of their private assets constitute 
taxable investment income. Any other return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax 
deductible capital loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss 
Resident Holder"). 
(c) 
Low Exercise Price Options (LEPO)  
According to the current practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, low exercise price options are given 
if the Underlying has been pre-financed by at least 50% at the time of issuance. 
For low exercise price options with a maturity exceeding one year, the interest component of the low exercise 
price option (i.e. issue discount) constitutes taxable investment income. Any other return will be classified as a 
tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Securities held 
as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder").  
(d) 
Fund-like Securities  
An individual holding a fund-like product as part of private assets only receives taxable income (which he or she 
must report annually) over such portion of the distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised 
on the underlying investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised on the 
underlying investment) as derived from dividends and interest (less attributable costs) on the underlying 
instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised on the underlying investments 
constitute a tax-free private capital gain and any loss on the underlying investments is a non-tax-deductible 
private capital loss. Such taxation will only apply if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) and 
capital gains and losses are reported and distributed separately. Any gain realised within a taxation period on the 
sale of a fund-like instrument (including accrued dividends and interest) is exempt from income taxation as a 
private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss realised is a non-tax-deductible capital loss (see below "Capital 
Gains Taxation – Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Securities as part of a trade or business in Switzerland (in the case of 
residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Switzerland) are 
required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the sale or redemption of, such 
Securities (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement and will be taxed on any net taxable 
earnings for the respective taxation period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who are classified by the tax authorities as 
"professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in 
Securities.

--- Page 537 ---
537 
 
Capital Gains Taxation  
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder 
 
A gain or a loss realised by an individual resident in Switzerland upon the sale or other disposal of a Security 
held as part of his or her private assets, is a tax-free private capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss, 
respectively, unless such individual is classified by the tax authorities as a "professional securities dealer" for 
reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in Securities. If an individual is classified as 
"professional securities dealer" he or she will be taxed in accordance with the principles set forth above under 
"Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business". Concerning the separation into a tax-exempt capital gains or 
non-tax deductible capital loss component, as applicable, and a taxable income component of a Security, see the 
breakdown principles set forth above with regard to the different instruments under "Income Taxation – 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Resident Business 
Capital gains realised on Securities held as assets of a Swiss resident business are taxed in accordance with the 
taxation principles set forth above under "Income Taxation – Securities held as Swiss Business Assets". 
 
Non-Swiss Resident Holders  
Under present Swiss tax law, a Holder who is a non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the taxable year has 
not engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business within 
Switzerland and who is not subject to taxation in Switzerland for any other reason, will not be subject to any 
Swiss federal, cantonal or municipal income tax on gains realised on sale or redemption of the Securities. 
Stamp Taxes 
Swiss Federal Issue Stamp Tax 
The Securities are not subject to Swiss federal stamp tax on the issuance of Securities. 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
Dealings in Securities which classify as pure derivative financial instruments (such as pure call and put options, 
including low exercise price options (LEPOs) with a maturity not exceeding twelve months, pure futures with a 
maximal pre-financing of 25%, static certificates replicating an index or a basket of at least five shares and with 
a fixed maturity or an annual redemption right) are not subject to the Swiss federal securities turnover tax. 
Dealings in Securities which have been issued by an issuer outside of Switzerland and which classify as 
structured products, share-like instruments (including Low Exercise Price Options on shares with a maturity 
exceeding twelve months) or fund-like instruments are subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3% 
on the consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax 
act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealings in bonds and structured products with a maturity not exceeding one year are exempt from Swiss federal 
securities turnover tax. 
The delivery of an underlying taxable Security at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Security is subject 
to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3% in case a Security issued by an issuer outside Switzerland is 
delivered, and of 0.15% in case a Security issued by a domestic issuer is delivered, however, in each case, only if 
a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the 
transaction and no exemption applies. 
Non-Swiss Resident Holders 
A holder of a Security who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the taxation period has 
not engaged in trade or business carried on through a business operation or permanent establishment in 
Switzerland, will be subject to neither to income tax and capital gains tax nor net wealth or capital tax in 
Switzerland.

--- Page 538 ---
538 
 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On November 19, 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the "MCAA"). 
The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance convention and is 
intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information (the "AEOI"). The 
Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters (the "AEOI Act") entered 
into force on January 1, 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the implementation of the AEOI standard in 
Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. The 
agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the principle of 
speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for criminal tax 
proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral AEOI agreement with the EU (replacing the EU savings tax agreement) 
and has concluded bilateral AEOI agreements with several non-EU countries. 
Based on such multilateral agreements and bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, 
Switzerland will begin to collect data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Securities, held 
in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for the 
benefit of individuals resident in a EU member state or in a treaty state from, depending on the effectiveness date 
of the agreement, 2017 or 2018, as the case may be, and begin to exchange it from 2018 or 2019. 
 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation of 
FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial institutions are 
disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder or by means of group requests 
within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be transferred automatically in the absence of 
consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the 
double taxation agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council 
approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on changing the current direct-notification-based regime to a 
regime where the relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides 
the information to the U.S. tax authorities. On 20 September 2019, the protocol of amendment ot the double 
taxation treaty between Switzerland and the U.S. entered into force allowing U.S. authority in accordance with 
the information reported in aggregated form to request all the information on US-accounts without a declaration 
of consent on non-consenting non-participating financial institutions.

--- Page 539 ---
539 
 
 
 
U.S. TAX 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT  
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (FATCA) impose a new reporting 
regime and potentially a 30% withholding tax with respect to certain payments to (i) any non-U.S. financial 
institution (a "foreign financial institution", or FFI (as defined by FATCA)) that does not become a 
Participating FFI by entering into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to provide the 
IRS with certain information in respect of its account holders and investors or is not otherwise exempt from or in 
deemed compliance with FATCA and (ii) any investor (unless otherwise exempt from FATCA) that does not 
provide information sufficient to determine whether the investor is a U.S. person or should otherwise be treated 
as holding a "United States Account" of the Issuer (a Recalcitrant Holder). The Issuer is classified as an FFI. 
The withholding regime is in effect for payments from sources within the United States and will apply to 
"foreign passthru payments" (a term not yet defined) no earlier than the date that is two years after the date on 
which the final U.S treasury regultions defining foreign passthru payments are published in the Federal Register. 
This withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect of (i) any Securities characterized as debt (or 
which are not otherwise characterized as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are 
issued after the grandfathering date, which (A) with respect to Securities that give rise to foreign passthru 
payments is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term 
foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register and (B) with respect to Securities that give rise to 
dividend equivalent pursuant to section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, is six months after 
the date on which obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents, or which (in each 
case) are materially modified after the grandfathering date and (ii) any Securities characterized as equity or 
which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal tax purposes, whenever issued. If Securities are issued on or 
before the grandfathering date, and additional Securities of the same series are issued after that date, the 
additional Securities may not be treated as grandfathered, which may have negative consequences for the 
existing Securities, including a negative impact on market price. 
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have entered into intergovernmental agreements to 
facilitate the implementation of FATCA (each, an IGA). Pursuant to FATCA and the "Model 1" and "Model 2" 
IGAs released by the United States, an FFI in an IGA signatory country could be treated as a Reporting FI not 
subject to withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives. Further, an FFI in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) (any such 
withholding being FATCA Withholding) from payments it makes. Under each Model IGA, a Reporting FI 
would still be required to report certain information in respect of its account holders and investors to its home 
government or to the IRS. The United States has entered into an IGA with France (the French IGA) based 
largely on the Model 1 IGA. 
The Issuer expects to be treated as a Reporting FI pursuant to the French IGA and does not anticipate being 
obliged to deduct any FATCA Withholding on payments it makes. There can be no assurance, however, that the 
Issuer will be treated as a Reporting FI, or that it would in the future not be required to deduct FATCA 
Withholding from payments it makes. Accordingly, the Issuer and financial institutions through which payments 
on the Securities are made may be required to withhold FATCA Withholding if (i) any FFI through or to which 
payment on such Securities is made is not a Participating FFI, a Reporting FI, or otherwise exempt from or in 
deemed compliance with FATCA or (ii) an investor is a Recalcitrant Holder. 
While the Securities are in global form and held within the ICSDs, it is expected that FATCA will not affect the 
amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Securities by the Issuer, any paying agent and the 
common depositary or common safekeeper, given that each of the entities in the payment chain between the 
Issuer and the participants in the ICSDs is a major financial institution whose business is dependent on

--- Page 540 ---
540 
 
compliance with FATCA and that any alternative approach introduced under an IGA will be unlikely to affect 
the Securities.  
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above description is 
based in part on regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of which are subject to change or may 
be implemented in a materially different form.  
 
Possible Withholding under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and other possible U.S.Tax 
Withholding  
U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
applicable guidance (the Section 871(m) Regulations) generally impose a 30% withholding tax on dividend 
equivalents paid or deemed paid (within the meaning of the relevant Section 871(m) Regulations) to a non-
United States holder (a Non-U.S. Holder) with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or 
indices that include U.S. equities (such equities and indices, U.S. Underlying Equities). The 30% withholding tax 
on dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty 
(provided the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of 
any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding), eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or 
refunded, provided that the beneficial owner claims a credit or refund from the United States Internal Revenue 
Service (the IRS) in a timely manner, but the Issuer makes no assessment as to whether any such tax credits will 
be available to Non-U.S. Holders.  
 
Specifically, the Section 871(m) Regulations will generally apply to Securities issued on or after 1 January 2017 
that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities as determined by 
the Issuer on the date for such Notes as of which the expected delta of the product is determined by the Issuer, 
based on tests set out in the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations and relevant IRS Notices, including Notice 
2018-72 (the Specified Securities). If one or more of the U.S. Underlying Equities are expected to pay dividends 
during the term of the Specified Note, withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Securities 
do not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. Even where a Security is a Specified Securities, no 
tax should be imposed under Section 871(m) as long as either (1) no dividend is paid with respect to any U.S.  
A Security linked to U.S. Underlying Equities which the Issuer has determined not to be a Specified Securities 
will not be subject to withholding tax under the Section 871(m) Regulations. Moreover, the Section 871(m) 
Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for Securities linked to certain 
broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable regulation pursuant to the Section 871 (m) 
Regulations (Qualified Indices) as well as securities that track such indices (Qualified Index Securities). 
 
A Security referencing U.S. Underlying Equities issued prior to 1 January 2017 is generally considered out of 
scope of Section 871(m) Regulations, unless such Security is modified after 1 January 2017 and as a result of 
any such modification substantially replicates the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying 
Equities and becomes a Specified Securities for the purposes of Section 871(m) Regulations. If additional 
Securities of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of 
Securities out of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for determining 
whether the existing Securities are Specified Securities as the date of such subsequent sale or issuance. 
Consequently, a previously out-of-scope Security might become a Specified Securities following such 
modification or further issuance.

--- Page 541 ---
541 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify if the Securities are Specified Securities.  
If the Notes are determined to be Specified Securities, a Non-U.S. Holder of such Specified Securities generally 
will be subject to a 30% withholding tax, without regard to any applicable treaty rate, on dividend equivalents 
paid or deemed paid.  
Investors are advised that the Issuer's determination is binding on all Non U.S. Holders of the Securities, but it is 
not binding on the IRS and the IRS may therefore disagree with the Issuer’s determination, as the Section 
871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to Notes linked to U.S. Underlying 
Equities and their application to a specific issue of Securities may be uncertain. Investors should note that if the 
Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor the withholding 
agent will be required to gross up any amounts withheld in connection with a Specified Securities.  
 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 
871(m) Regulations to an investment in the Notes.”  
The applicable Final Terms will specify if the Notes are subject to any additional U.S. withholding taxes.

--- Page 542 ---
542 
 
SUBSCRIPTION, PURCHASE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Under the terms and conditions of a purchase agreement dated 21 July 2021 (the Purchase Agreement) entered 
into between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer, the Securities are offered on a permanent basis by the 
Issuer to the permanent Dealer. However, the Issuer may sell Securities to Dealers other than the permanent 
Dealer.  
General 
The present selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant securities law, regulation or directive or in certain other circumstances as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus.  
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant securities laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or has in 
its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material relating to the Securities or any 
Final Terms and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Securities under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
Please note that in relation to EEA States, additional selling restrictions may apply in respect of any specific 
EEA State, including those set out below in relation to Belgium, France, Ireland and Italy. 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); 
or  
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the Insurance 
Mediation Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation); and  
(b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Securities. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (including, without limitation, Belgium, 
France and Luxembourg) (each, a Relevant Member State), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each

--- Page 543 ---
543 
 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area (a Member State), except that it may make an offer of such Securities to 
the public in that Relevant Member State:  
(a) if the final terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made other than 
pursuant to Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a Non-exempt Offer), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified 
to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that (i) the Issuer has consented in writing to its use 
for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer and (ii) any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable;  
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation;  
(c) at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or  
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Securities in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
the Securities. 
BAHRAIN 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain ("Bahrain") in terms of 
Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Central Bank of Bahrain (the "CBB"). Accordingly, the Securities cannot be offered, sold or made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase nor can this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material 
be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Securities, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Bahrain, other than as marketing to accredited investors for an offer outside 
Bahrain.  
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents and it has 
not in any way considered the merits of the Securities to be marketed for investment, whether in or outside 
Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the statements and 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss 
howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this Base Prospectus.  
The Securities cannot be offered to the public in Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee 
only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to the public generally. 
 
BELGIUM 
With regard to Securities having a maturity of less than 12 months and qualifying as money market instruments 
(and which therefore fall outside the scope of the Prospectus Regulation) and without prejudice to the

--- Page 544 ---
544 
 
passporting procedure set forth in the Prospectus Regulation andthe Belgian Law of 11 July 2018 on offerings to 
the publicof investment instruments and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated 
markets, as amended or replaced from time to time (the “Prospectus Law”), this Base Prospectus has not been, 
and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets 
Authority (FSMA). Accordingly, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it shall refrain from taking any action that 
would be characterised as or result in a public offering of these Securities in Belgium in accordance with the 
Prospectus Law.  
The funds to which certain of the Securities that can be issued under on the Programme are linked are not 
registered and will not be registered in Belgium with the FSMA under the Belgian Law of 3 August 2012 
relating to undertakings for collective investment that comply with the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC and 
undertakings for the investment in receivables. The shares and other securities issued by these funds cannot be 
offered publicly in Belgium. 
The Securities shall not be physically delivered in Belgium except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilization in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.  
When the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, the expression “retail investor” shall also mean a person who is a Belgian consumer, being 
any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, 
business or profession within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time 
(Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique). 
 
CHILE 
The Securities may not be publicly offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Chile ("Chile"),. The 
Securities will not be registered under Law No. 18,045, as amended (the securities market law of Chile) in the 
Securities Registry (Registro de Valores) or in the Foreign Securities Registry (Registro de Valores Extranjeros) 
of the Financial Market Commission (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero or "CMF"). As unregistered 
securities, we are not required to disclose public information about the Securities in Chile. Accordingly, the 
Securities cannot and will not be publicly offered or sold to persons in Chile except in circumstances which have 
not resulted and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law or in compliance with General Rule 
(Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, dated June 27, 2012, issued by the CMF ("Rule 336"). Pursuant to Rule 
336, the Securities may be privately offered in Chile to certain "qualified investors," identified as such therein 
(which in turn are further described in General Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 216, dated June 12, 2008, 
of the CMF) ("Rule 216"). 
 
FRANCE 
 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed subsequently 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable 
French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Securities and the 
distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Securities.

--- Page 545 ---
545 
 
IRELAND 
 
 
The Dealer has represented and warranted and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and warrant that: 
 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Securities otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, 
the “MiFID Regulations”), including, without limitation, Regulations 5 ( Requirement for 
authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any codes of conduct made 
under the MiFID Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Securities otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the “Companies Act”), the Central Bank Acts 
1942-2015 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 
1989 (as amended); 
 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of, the Securities 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and any rules issued by 
the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act; and  
 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the Securities 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as 
amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies 
Act. 
PERU 
The Securities under the Programme and the information contained in this Base Prospectus have not been and 
will not be registered with or approved by the Peruvian Superintendency of Securities (Superintendencia del 
Mercado de Valores) or the Lima Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Valores de Lima). Accordingly, the Securities 
cannot be offered or sold in Peru, except if such offering is considered a private offering under the securities 
laws and regulations of Peru. The Securities may not be offered or sold in the Republic of Peru except in 
compliance with the securities laws thereof..  
The Securities may not be offered, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed directly or indirectly, nor may this 
Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed, 
directly or indirectly, in Peru other than to institutional investors.  
 
REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
1. 
Offer to the public in Italy: 
It will only make an offer of the Securities to the public in the Republic of Italy after the Base Prospectus has 
been approved by the CSSF and notice of such approval has been given to the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) in accordance with the passporting procedure set forth in the Prospectus 
Regulation, Article 98 of the Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial 
Services Act) and Article and 12 of CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the Issuers 
Regulation).

--- Page 546 ---
546 
 
2. 
Private placement in Italy: 
Prior to the passporting of the Base Prospectus to CONSOB, pursuant to the Italian securities legislation, the 
Securities may not, and will not, be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in an offer to the 
public in the Republic of Italy and copies of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Securities may not, and will not, be distributed in the Republic of Italy, unless an 
exemption applies. Accordingly, each of the Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed (and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree) not to effect any offering, 
marketing, solicitation or selling activity of the Securities in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to Italian qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of the Financial 
Services Act and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1(b) of the Issuers Regulation; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the restrictions on offers 
to the public applies, as provided under Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and its implementing 
regulations, including article 34-ter of the Issuers Regulation, 
provided that, in any case, the offer or sale of the Securities in Italy shall be effected in accordance with all 
relevant Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations 
The Dealer has also represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree) that any offer, sale, transfer or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies 
of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Securities in the 
Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be effected in accordance with all relevant Italian 
securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and in particular will be made:  
(i) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act), CONSOB Regulation no. 20307 of 15 February 2018;  
(ii) 
in compliance with the reporting requirements set fotrth under Article 129 of the Banking Act and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the 
Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities in the Republic of Italy; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable requirement or limitation which may be imposed from time to 
time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption from the 
rules on public offerings applies under (a) and (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the Securities on the 
secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement 
rules provided under the Financial Services Act and the Issuers Regulation. Failure to comply with such rules 
may result in the sale of such Securities being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary 
transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the investors. 
This Base Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other document relating to the Securities, and the information 
contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipients and are not to be distributed to any third-party 
resident or located in the Republic of Italy for any reason.

--- Page 547 ---
547 
 
 
SWITZERLAND 
 
Securities issued under the Programme do not constitute participations in a collective investment scheme 
within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 (CISA), as 
amended. Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the issuer of the Securities.  
 
This Base Prospectus and any Supplements thereto will be filed for automatic acceptance pursuant to article 
54(2) FIDLEG with the SIX Prospectus Office in its capacity as Review Body, as defined in art. 52 FIDLEG. 
The filing of this Base Prospectus with the SIX Prospectus Office will be made within 10 business days 
following the publication of this Base Prospectus and its approval by the SIX Prospectus Office is expected to 
occur 10 business days thereafter. This Prospectus may be obtained in electronic or printed form, free of charge, 
upon request or on www.exane.com/exaneissues.  
 
In addition, in the case of offerings of Securities that constitute debt instruments with a "derivative character" (as 
such expression is understood under the FIDLEG and the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance (FIDLEV) that 
will be made to private (retail) clients in Switzerland, a key information document (KID) prepared in accordance 
with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 26, 2014 on 
key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs) will be made 
available.  
UNITED KINGDOM 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies “Prohibition of sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Securities 
to the public in the United Kingdom:  
(A) at any time any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(B) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(C) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the “FSMA”).  
For the purposes of this provision:  
- the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
- the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.  
Furthermore, the Dealer has represented and warranted and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and warrant that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities issued by the Issuer which have a maturity of less than one year (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business, (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not be 
offered or sold other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who 
it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the the FSMA by the Issuer.

--- Page 548 ---
548 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or Guarantor; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to any action 
taken by it in relation to the Securities in, from, or otherwise involving, the United Kingdom. 
 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
Regulation S and Rule 144A 
Neither the Securities and the Exane Guarantee, nor any securities that may be delivered upon redemption or 
exercise of the Securities, have been orwill be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act), or under the securities law of any state or political sub-division of the United 
States. No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the United 
States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA) and the rules thereunder (the CFTC Rules) of 
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC), and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, nor under any other United States 
federal laws. The Securities and the Exane Guarantee are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S), except that, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Supplement, a Dealer may 
directly or through a U.S. broker-dealer affiliate arrange for the offer and resale of Securities in registered form 
within the United States to qualified institutional buyers (as such term is defined in Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (Rule 144A)) in transactions meeting the requirements of Rule 144A. The Securities may not be 
offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws.. 
Accordingly, the Securities and the Exane Guarantee, and any securities that may be delivered upon redemption 
or exercise of the Securities, may not be offered, sold, transferered, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or 
redeemed at any times within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of any “U.S. person” (as 
defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S) except, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Supplement with respect to Securities in registered form, to a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in 
Rule 144A(a)(1)) in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in compliance with any applicable 
U.S. state securities laws. Prospective investors are hereby notified that sellers of the Securities and the Exane 
Guarantee may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A. Persons eligible to acquire Securities or interests therein pursuant to a transaction 
conducted in accordance with Regulation S or, if applicable, Rule 144A, are referred to herein as Permitted 
Transferees. 
 Any transfer of Securities to a person other than a Permitted Transferee (a Non-Permitted Transferee) will be 
void ab initio and of no legal effect whatsoever. Accordingly, any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial 
ownership interest in a Security in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial 
owner of such interest in such Security. The Issuer shall have the right at any time after becoming aware that any 
legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Security is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee to require such Non-
Permitted Transferee to sell such interest to (i) an affiliate of the Issuer (to the extent permitted by applicable 
law); or (ii) a person who is not a Non-Permitted Transferee. 
The foregoing restrictions on the offer, sale, pledge or other transfer of Securities to a Non-Permitted Transferee 
may adversely affect the ability of an investor in the Securities to dispose of the Securities in the secondary 
market, if any, and significantly reduce the liquidity of the Securities. As a result, the value of the Securities may 
be materially adversely affected.

--- Page 549 ---
549 
 
Certain Definitions 
The following definition shall apply for the purposes of this transfer restriction: 
As defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S, “U.S. person” means: 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
Any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
(c) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(g) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
Any partnership or corporation if: 
 
(i) 
Organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
 
(ii) 
Formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered 
under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited investors (as defined in 
Rule 230.501(a) under the Securities Act) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts. 
As defined 144A(a)(I), “qualified institutional buyer” means: 
(a)  
Any of the following entities, acting for its own account or the accounts of other qualified institutional 
buyers, that in the aggregate owns and invests on a discretionary basis at least $100 million in securities of 
issuers that are not affiliated with the entity: 
(i)  
Any insurance company as defined in section 2(a)(13) of the Securities Act; 
(ii)  
Any investment company registered under the Investment Company Act or any business development 
company as defined in section 2(a)(48) of that Act; 
(iii)  
Any Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration under 
section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958; 
(iv)  
Any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency or 
instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees; 
(v)  
Any employee benefit plan within the meaning of title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974; 
(vi)  
Any trust fund whose trustee is a bank or trust company and whose participants are exclusively plans of 
the types identified in paragraph (a)(1)(i) (D) or (E) of this section, except trust funds that include as participants 
individual retirement accounts or H.R. 10 plans.

--- Page 550 ---
550 
 
(vii) Any business development company as defined in section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 
1940; 
(viii) Any organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, corporation (other than a 
bank as defined in section 3(a)(2) of the Act or a savings and loan association or other institution referenced in 
section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Act or a foreign bank or savings and loan association or equivalent institution), 
partnership, or Massachusetts or similar business trust; and 
(ix) Any investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act. 
(b)  
Any dealer registered pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act, acting for its own account 
or the accounts of other qualified institutional buyers, that in the aggregate owns and invests on a discretionary 
basis at least $10 million of securities of issuers that are not affiliated with the dealer, Provided, That securities 
constituting the whole or a part of an unsold allotment to or subscription by a dealer as a participant in a public 
offering shall not be deemed to be owned by such dealer; 
(c)  
Any dealer registered pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act acting in a riskless principal 
transaction on behalf of a qualified institutional buyer; 
(d)  
Any investment company registered under the Investment Company Act, acting for its own account or 
for the accounts of other qualified institutional buyers, that is part of a family of investment companies which 
own in the aggregate at least $100 million in securities of issuers, other than issuers that are affiliated with the 
investment company or are part of such family of investment companies. Family of investment companies means 
any two or more investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act, except for a unit 
investment trust whose assets consist solely of shares of one or more registered investment companies, that have 
the same investment adviser (or, in the case of unit investment trusts, the same depositor), Provided That, for 
purposes of this section: 
(i) Each series of a series company (as defined in Rule 18f-2 under the Investment Company Act shall be 
deemed to be a separate investment company; and 
(ii) Investment companies shall be deemed to have the same adviser (or depositor) if their advisers (or 
depositors) are majority-owned subsidiaries of the same parent, or if one investment company's adviser (or 
depositor) is a majority-owned subsidiary of the other investment company's adviser (or depositor); 
(e)  
Any entity, all of the equity owners of which are qualified institutional buyers, acting for its own 
account or the accounts of other qualified institutional buyers; and 
(f)  
Any bank as defined in section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, any savings and loan association or other 
institution as referenced in section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act, or any foreign bank or savings and loan 
association or equivalent institution, acting for its own account or the accounts of other qualified institutional 
buyers, that in the aggregate owns and invests on a discretionary basis at least $100 million in securities of 
issuers that are not affiliated with it and that has an audited net worth of at least $25 million as demonstrated in 
its latest annual financial statements, as of a date not more than 16 months preceding the date of sale under Rule 
144A in the case of a U.S. bank or savings and loan association, and not more than 18 months preceding such 
date of sale for a foreign bank or savings and loan association or equivalent institution. 
Deemed Representations by Prospective Purchasers and Transferees  
Each prospective purchaser of the Securities, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Securities, 
and each transferee of the Securities by accepting the transfer of the Securities, will be deemed to have 
represented and agreed as follows (it being understood that the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer also may require 
a prospective purchaser of Securities to deliver a written investor letter of representations to such effect):

--- Page 551 ---
551 
 
(a) 
if it is purchasing Securities pursuant to Regulation S: (A) neither it nor any person for whose account 
or benefit such Securities are being purchased (i) is located in the United States, (ii) is a U.S. person (as defined 
in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S) or (iii) was solicited to purchase such Securities while present in the United 
States (within the meaning of Regulation S); and (B) it will not offer, sell, transfer, pledge, assign, deliver, 
exercise or redeem otherwise transfer any of such Securities or any interest therein at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Rule 902(k) 
of Regulation S) unless such person is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A(a(1)) and such 
transaction otherwise meets the requirements of Rule 144A;  
(b) 
if it is purchasing Securities pursuant to Rule 144A: (A) such person (i) is a qualified institutional buyer 
(as defined in Rule 144A(a(1)) that is acquiring such Securities for its own account or the account of one or more 
qualified institutional buyers and (ii) is aware, and each beneficial owner of such Securities has been advised, 
that the sale of such Securities to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; and (B) it will not offer, sell, 
transfer, pledge, assign, deliver, exercise or redeem otherwise transfer any of such Securities or any interest 
therein at any time, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. 
person (as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S) unless such person is a qualified institutional buyer (as 
defined in Rule 144A(a(1)) and such transaction otherwise meets the requirements of Rule 144A;  
(c) 
it understands that the Securities and the Exane Guarantee have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act and agrees that it will not, at any time during the term of the Securities, offer, sell, 
pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities, except (i) in an “offshore transaction” (as defined under Regulation 
S) in a transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S or (ii) to the extent so provided in the relevant Final 
Terms or Supplement, to a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A(a(1)) in a transaction meeting 
the requirements of Rule 144A; 
(d) 
it understands and acknowledges that no person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool 
operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the CEA Rules; 
(e) 
(i) it is a Permitted Transferee and (ii) if it is acting for the account or benefit of another person, such 
other person is also a Permitted Transferee; 
(f) 
it understands and agrees that the Issuer has the right to compel any legal or beneficial owner of an 
interest in the Securities to certify periodically that such legal or beneficial owner is a Permitted Transferee; 
(g) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an 
interest in the Securities in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Securities; 
(h) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right at any time after becoming aware that any 
legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Security is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee to require such Non-
Permitted Transferee to sell such interest to (i) an affiliate of the Issuer (to the extent permitted by applicable 
law) or (ii) a person who is not a Non-Permitted Transferee, in each case in accordance with Condition 2.5;  
(i) 
it agrees to provide notice of the restrictions set forth herein to any transferee of its interest in the 
Securities;  
(j) 
it understands that any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the 
Securities will be void ab initio and will not operate to transfer any rights to the Non-Permitted Transferee; and 
(k) 
it understands that Securities will bear a legend regarding the restrictions set forth herein, substantially 
similar to the following:  
THIS SECURITY, THE GUARANTEE IN RESPECT HEREOF AND THE SECURITIES (IF ANY) TO BE 
DELIVERED UPON EXERCISE OR REDEMPTION HEREOF, HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), 
OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN

--- Page 552 ---
552 
 
MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, DELIVERED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED OR 
EXERCISED OR REDEEMED, EXCEPT: 
(I) (A) IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S) 
TO A PERSON WHO (1) IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, (2) IS NOT ACTING FOR OR ON BEHALF OF A U.S. 
PERSON, AND (3) IS ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S, OR (B) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS 
OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A) TO A PERSON WHO IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (QIB) AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES; AND 
(II) WHERE THE PURCHASER THEREOF (A) WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF APPLICABLE TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS TO ANY SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE; (B) IS PURCHASING SOLELY FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNTS OF ONE OR MORE NON-U.S. PERSONS (IN THE CASE OF 
CLAUSE (I)(A) ABOVE) OR ONE OR MORE QIBs (IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (I)(B) ABOVE) AS TO 
EACH OF WHICH IT ACTS AS DULY AUTHORISED AGENT AND/OR EXERCISES SOLE 
INVESTMENT DISCRETION AND FOR EACH OF WHICH IT HAS FULL POWER TO MAKE THE 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN 
EITHER CLAUSE (I)(A) OR (I)(B); (C) HAS ENTERED INTO ANY REQUIRED INVESTOR LETTER OF 
REPRESENTATIONS WITH THE ISSUER AND/OR THE DEALER AND REMAINS IN COMPLIANCE 
THEREWITH; (D) UNDERSTANDS AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A 
LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE SECURITIES FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-
ENTRY DEPOSITORIES; AND (E) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT REOFFER, RESELL, REDELIVER, 
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY SECURITIES OR ANY LEGAL OR BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST THEREIN TO ANY PERSON EXCEPT (X) IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S IN A 
TRANSACTION THAT MEETS ALL THE REQUIREMENTS OF CLAUSE (I)(A) ABOVE OR (Y) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A TO PERSONS WHO MEET ALL OF THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
CLAUSE (I)(B) ABOVE AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY 
STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS OFFSHORE TRANSACTION, UNITED STATES AND U.S. PERSON 
HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S. 
The Securities and the Exane Guarantee have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission (SEC) or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any 
other regulatory agency in the United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the 
merits of the Securities and the Exane Guarantee. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the 
United States. Furthermore, the Securities and the Exane Guarantee do not constitute, and have not been 
marketed as, contracts for the sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, 
and neither trading in the Securities nor this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA, and no 
person other than a Permitted Transferee may at any time trade or maintain a position in the Securities. In 
addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Securities, 
an offer or sale of Securities within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
URUGUAY 
The Securities have not been registered with the Central Bank of Uruguay and will not be traded on any 
Uruguayan stock exchange.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Securities to the public in Uruguay,

--- Page 553 ---
553 
 
except pursuant only to a private offer of securities. This Base Prospectus, the Final Terms and any other 
documents relating to an offering of the Securities, may not be distributed to the public in Uruguay, nor be used 
in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Securities to the public in Uruguay.

--- Page 554 ---
554 
 
[FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR THE CERTIFICATES /WARRANTS / CLN / HYBRID 
SECURITIES]1 
[FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR THE CERTIFICATES /WARRANTS / CLN / HYBRID 
SECURITIES WHICH ARE EXEMPT SECURITIES] 
This form of Pricing Supplement for the Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities which are Exempt 
Securities has neither been review nor approved by the CSSF.]2 
 
 
[The Base Prospectus expires on [⚫] 2022 [and the Issuer intends that the Base Prospectus will be 
immediately updated thereafter]. The updated base prospectus will be available on the website of Exane 
www.exane.com/exaneissues .]3 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
Issue of [Up to][number or amount] [commercial name] [Certificates/Warrants /CLN/Hybrid Securities] 
indexed to [brief description of the Underlying(s) of the Certificates/CLN/Hybrid Securities]  
 
[Please insert if the issue is a new Tranche of the Series – to be consolidated with the [Title of the original issue] 
issued on [Issue Date of the first Tranche] (Tranche 1) [and the [Title of the original issue] issued on [Issue Date 
of the following Tranche] (Tranche [⚫])] 
pursuant to the Debt Securities Issue Programme of 
EXANE SOLUTIONS (LUXEMBOURG) SA (as “Issuer”) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300LFYN0WYQ0GAF25 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by  
EXANE SA (as “Guarantor”) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500UP76J52A9OXU27 
[This issue also has the benefit of an additional guarantee in the form of a 
pledging of securities account granted by  
EXANE DERIVATIVES / (Please delete if not applicable)] 
[EXANE DERIVATIVES (as “Dealer”)] 
Series n° : [⚫] 
Tranche n° : [⚫] 
Issue Price: [⚫] per [Certificate/Warrant/CLN/Hybrid Security] / [⚫]% of the Nominal Value 
[Scheduled Maturity Date][Exercise Date4]: [⚫] 
[An application has been made for the [Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities] to be admitted to trading 
on [the regulated market of] [⚫] (Please delete if not applicable)] 
 
 
1 For Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA, issued under 
this Base Prospectus reviewed and approved by the CSSF. 
2 For Securities which are Exempt Securities as defined in the Base Prospectus and for which which no prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation. Any terms and conditions not contained in the Base Prospectus which are applicable to these Securities will 
be set out in the Pricing Supplement.  
3 Include in respect of an issue of Securities for which the offer spans an update to the Base Prospectus. 
4 Only applicable to Warrants

--- Page 555 ---
555 
 
 
[The Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities are Exempt Securities as defined in the Base Prospectus for 
which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. Any terms and conditions not 
contained in the Base Prospectus which are applicable to the Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities will 
be set out in these Final Terms.]5 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Securities may only do so: 
(i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer;or 
(ii) in those Public Offer Jurisdiction mentioned in Paragraph [⚫] of Part A below, provided such person is one 
of the persons mentioned in Paragraph [⚫] of Part A below and that such offer is made during the Offer Period 
specified for such purpose therein] 6 
 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Securities 
in any other circumstances. 
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus referred to below is 
published at any time during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated base prospectus, 
as the case may be, will be published and made available in accordance with the arrangements applied to the 
original publication of these Final Terms. Any investors who have indicated acceptances of the Offer (as defined 
below) prior to the date of publication of such supplement or updated version of the Base Prospectus, as the case 
may be, (the "Publication Date") have the right within three working days of the Publication Date to withdraw 
their acceptances.]7  
 
Part A – Contractual Terms 
Unless otherwise required by the context, the terms and expressions used and not expressly defined in these 
Final Terms shall have the same meaning as in the Conditions of the Securities [and the Technical Annex] set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated as of [⚫] 2021 [(the 2021 Base Prospectus)][, as supplemented by the 
[First/Second/Third/[⚫]] Supplement dated as of [⚫] ([the Supplement / together, the Supplements])]. 
[The 2021 Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] constitute[s] [together] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation.] 
The 
present 
document 
constitutes 
the 
Final 
Terms 
of 
the 
[Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities] described herein [and] [for the purposes of article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.][The Final Terms] must be read in conjunction with the 2021 Base Prospectus[, as 
supplemented]. 
Full 
information 
on 
the 
Issuer, 
the 
Guarantor 
and 
the 
offer 
of 
the 
[Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities] is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the 2021 Base Prospectus[, as supplemented].  
[If there is an ongoing offer to the public at the expiration of the 2021 Base Prospectus, such Final Terms (i) 
prior to the publication of the 2022 Base Prospectus8, must be read in conjunction with the 2021 Base Prospectus 
as so supplemented and (ii) after the publication of the 2022 Base Prospectus, must be read in conjunction with 
the 2022 Base Prospectus as so supplemented in relation to the full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
 
5 Include in respect of an issue of Exempt Securities 
6 Include in respect of an issue of Securities for which a non-exempt offer of Securities is anticipated.  
7 Include in respect of issues of Securities where the public offer period spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base 
Prospectus. 
8 2022 Base Prospectus means the base prospectus which will replace the actual Base Prospectus dated as of [⚫] 2021

--- Page 556 ---
556 
 
Securities described, save in respect of the Conditions of the Securities which are extracted from the 2021 Base 
Prospectus as so supplemented]9  
[The 2021 Base Prospectus has been passported into Italy in compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation]10 
The 2021 Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] [and the Final Terms]11 [is/are] available on the website of 
Exane www.exane.com/exaneissues. [A summary of the issue of the Securities is attached as a schedule to these 
Final Terms.]12 The 2021 Base Prospectus [ , the Supplement(s)] and these Final Terms are available for 
inspection and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer, [(option – Please delete if not 
applicable) the registered office of the Principal Paying Agent / the registered office of the Pledged Account 
Custodian / and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
[These Final Terms relate to the Series of Securities as set out in “Specific Provisions for each Series” below. 
References herein to “Securities” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Securities that are the subject 
of these Final Terms and references to “Security” shall be construed accordingly.] 
 
[SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES] 
 
[applicable table in case of Warrants 
 
Series 
ISIN Code/[⚫] 
Underlyin g 
Type of Warrants 
ISIN/Bloomberg 
Code of the 
Underlyin g 
Exchange 
Related Exachnage 
Sponsor / Price Source / 
[⚫] 
Valuation 
Date 
[Exercise Date] 
[Exercise Period] 
 
 
Maximum 
Exercise Number 
Minimum 
Exercise Number 
[[⚫](Insert 
other 
variables)] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
[applicable table in case of Certificates 
 
 
Series 
ISIN Code/[⚫] 
Underlyin g 
ISIN 
/Bloomberg 
Code 
of the 
Underlyin g 
Exchange 
[Related 
Exchange] 
[Sponsor][Price 
Source][⚫] 
Valuation 
Date 
[[⚫] (insert other 
variable)] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
(Where the Final Terms cover more than one series of Securities, the table above should be completed for all 
variables which will differ across the different series of Securities. The relevant line item for any such variable in 
the General Provisions below should include the following language: "See the Specific Provisions for each 
Series above".)] 
 
9 Include in respect of issues of Securities where the public offer period spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base 
Prospectus 
10 Include for public offers in Italy 
11 In case of a Non-exempt Offer only 
12 Only applicable to Securities with a nominal value of less than euros 100,000 an/or d in case of listing or admission to a regulated market 
and to Warrants in case of listing or admission to a regulated market

--- Page 557 ---
557 
 
[(The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). 
Unless otherwise required by the context, the terms and expressions used and not expressly defined in these 
Final Terms shall have the same meaning as in the Conditions of the Securities [and the Technical Annex] set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated as of 4 September 2020 (the 2020 Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the 
First Supplement dated as of 23 December 2020  which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated as of 21 July 2021 (the 2021 Base Prospectus) [, as supplemented by the [First/Second/Third/[⚫]] 
Supplement dated as of [⚫]. 
[The present document constitutes the Final Terms of the [Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities] 
described herein [for the purposes of article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction 
with the [original year] Base Prospectus, as supplemented, which constitute[s] [together] a base prospectus for 
the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the [Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities] 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the [original year] Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented and the 2021 Base Prospectus [, as supplemented].  
The [original year] Base Prospectus as supplemented, the 2021 Base Prospectus[, as supplemented] [and the 
Final Terms]13 are available on the website of Exane (www.exane.com /exaneissues). [A summary of the issue of 
the Securities is attached as a schedule to these Final Terms.] 14 The [original year] Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented, the 2021 Base Prospectus[, as supplemented] and these Final Terms are available for inspection 
and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer, [(option – delete if not applicable) the 
registered office of the Principal Paying Agent / the registered office of the Pledged Account Custodian / and on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
 
 
 
 
13 In case of a Non-exempt Offer only 
14 Only applicable to Securities with a nominal value of less than euros 100,000 and/or in case of listing or admission to a regulated market .

--- Page 558 ---
558 
 
[Complete all the following headings, or specify "Not applicable" (N/A). The numbering must remain identical to 
the numbering below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for a specific paragraph or subparagraph. Terms in 
italics are instructions to facilitate completion of the Final Terms.] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
Calculation Agent : 
Exane Derivatives / [⚫] 
2. 
Settlement Confirmation Agent : 
[[(Only applicable in case of Securites benifiting from 
a Pledge)] [BNP Paribas Securities Services] / [⚫]] 
[Not applicable] 
3. 
Currency : 
[⚫] 
4. 
Settlement Currency(ies) : 
[⚫](if different from the Currency)/[Not Applicable] 
5. 
Dual Currency Securities : 
 [Applicable as per Condition 5.22 of the Conditions of 
the Securities] / [[Not applicable] [(if not applicable, 
delete the following sub-paragraphs)]] 
(a) Dual Currency Exchange Rate: 
[⚫] 
(b) Method of calculating the fixing 
of 
Dual 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate: 
[Predetermined][Calculation Agent 
Determination][Screen Rate Determination] 
[ If Predetermined: 
- Predetermined Fixing: 
 
[⚫] 
[ If Screen Rate Determination or 
Calculation Agent Determination 
: 
- Dual Currency Valuation Date: 
- Dual Currency Valuation Time: 
 
 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫] 
[ If Screen Rate Determination : 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 
[⚫] 
6. 
Issue Size : 
 
(a) 
Series : 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Tranche : 
[⚫][(if the Tranche is fungible with a previous Series) 
Securities shall be fungible and form a single series 
with (insert number of previous Tranches of the series) 
on [Issue Date of the Tranche]. 
7. 
Nominal Value : 
[⚫] / [Not applicable] 
8. 
Issue Price : 
[[⚫] per [Certificate] / [Warrants] / [CLN] / [Hybrid 
Security]] / [[⚫]% of the Nominal Value] / [Not

--- Page 559 ---
559 
 
applicable] 
9. 
Trade Date : 
[⚫] 
10. 
Issue Date : 
[⚫] 
11. 
Interest Commencement Date : 
[Issue Date of the Securities / (specify)] / [Not 
applicable] 
12. 
Scheduled Maturity Date : 
[⚫] 
13. 
Maturity Date: 
[[⚫] / [(for CLNs or Hybrid Securities or Credit 
Linked Warrants) the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (specify)] / 
[Not applicable]] 
14. 
Minimum Trading Number : 
[⚫] 
15. 
Interest Basis : 
(For Certificates) 
 
[Not applicable / Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Interest 
linked to Shares / Interest linked to Indices / Interest 
linked to Futures Contracts / Interest linked to Funds / 
Interest linked to Exchange Rates / Interest linked to 
Reference Rates /Interest linked to Debt Instruments / 
Interest linked to Listed Options / Interest linked to 
Commodities / Interest linked to a Dynamic Portfolio 
(combination of the above, please specify)] 
 
(For CLN) 
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Dual Currency] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Non-principal amounts are linked to the Underlyings 
and are paid to Holders within [5] Business Days of 
receipt by the Issuer.] 
 
(For Hybrid Securities) 
 
[Specify the rate of the Credit-Linked portion and of 
the Underlying-Linked portion] 
 
(For Warrants) 
 
[Not applicable] 
16. 
Settlement Basis : 
(For Certificates)

--- Page 560 ---
560 
 
 
[Settlement at par / Dual Currency / Settlement linked 
to Shares / Settlement linked to Indices / Settlement 
linked to Futures Contracts / Settlement linked to 
Funds / Settlement linked to Exchange Rates / 
Settlement linked to Reference Rates / Settlement 
linked to Debt Instruments / Settlement linked to 
Listed Options / Settlement linked to Commodities / 
Settlement linked to a Dynamic Portfolio (combination 
of the above, please specify)] 
 
(For CLN or Credit Linked Warrants) 
 
[Credit linked Settlement] 
 
(For Hybrid Securities) 
 
[Credit linked Settlement and [⚫]] (for the Underlying-
Linked Portion, specify from amongst the settlement 
types for Certificates referred to above)] 
 
(For Warrants) 
 
[Settlement linked to Shares / Settlement linked to 
Indices / Settlement linked to Futures Contracts / 
Settlement linked to Funds / Settlement linked to 
Exchange Rates / Settlement linked to Reference Rates 
/ Settlement linked to Debt Instruments / Settlement 
linked to Listed Options / Settlement linked to 
Commodities / Settlement linked to a Dynamic 
Portfolio (combination of the above, please specify)] 
17. 
Change of Interest Basis : 
[Not applicable] [Applicable (for Fixed /Floating Rate 
Securities) (Provide details on conversion of the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Securities in accordance with 
Condition 4.3) 
18. 
Business Day Convention : 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
/Modified 
Following 
Business Day / Preceding Business Day ] 
19. 
Multi Underlyings : 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
20. 
Basket of Multi Underlyings  
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Exchange Business Day : 
(For Basket composed of various type of Underlyings) 
[Exchange Business Day (All Multi Underlyings 
Basis) / Exchange Business Day (Per 
Multi 
Underlying Basis)/ Not applicable] 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day : 
(For Basket composed of various type of Underlyings) 
[Scheduled Trading Day (All Multi Underlyings 
Basis) / Scheduled Trading Day (Per Multi Underlying 
Basis) / Not applicable]

--- Page 561 ---
561 
 
21. 
Type(s) of Underlying 
 
 
Underlying(s): Share(s) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Share(s) : 
[⚫] (specify the share(s), ordinary share(s) capital, 
Depository Receipt(s), ETF Unit(s)) 
(b) 
Weighting / Wi : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable  
(c) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[⚫] / [Refer to the Technical Annex to the Final 
Terms] / Not applicable 
(d) 
Company: 
[⚫] 
(e) 
Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] 
(f) 
Related Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] 
(g) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.8 
(h) 
Exchange Business Day : 
[Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis) (where 
single Share-linked)] / [Exchange Business Day (All 
Shares Basis) / Exchange Business Day (Per Share 
Basis) (where Basket of Shares -linked)] 
(i) 
Scheduled Trading Day : 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) (where 
single Share-linked)] / [Scheduled Trading Day (Per 
Share Basis) / Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares 
Basis) (where Basket of Shares-linked)] 
(j) 
Initial Price : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.8 / Not applicable 
(k) 
Reuters Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(l) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(m) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(n) 
ETF Administrator: 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is an 
ETF Unit) 
(o) 
ETF Advisor: 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is an 
ETF Unit) 
(p) 
ETF : 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is an 
ETF Unit) 
(q) 
ETF Underlying Index: 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is an 
ETF Unit) 
(r) 
Underlying Share: 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is a 
Depository Receipt)

--- Page 562 ---
562 
 
(s) 
DR Specified Currency: 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is a 
Depository Receipt) 
(t) 
DR Sponsor: 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is a 
Depository Receipt) 
Underlying(s): Index(es) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Index(es) : 
[⚫] (specify if Mono-Exchange Index, Multi-Exchange 
Index or Proprietary Index) 
(b) 
Weighting / W(i) : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(c) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[⚫] / [Refer to the Technical Annex to the Final 
Terms] / Not applicable 
(d) 
Sponsor(s) : 
[⚫] 
(e) 
Index Adviser: 
[⚫] (for Proprietary Index only) / Not applicable 
(f) 
Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(g) 
Related Exchange(s) 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(h) 
Exchange Business Day : 
[Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) (where 
single Index-linked)] / [Exchange Business Day (All 
Indices Basis) / Exchange Business Day (Per Index 
Basis) (where Index Basket-linked)] / Not applicable 
(i) 
Scheduled Trading Day : 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) (where 
single Index-linked)] / [Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Indices Basis) / Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index 
Basis) (where Index Basket-linked)] 
(j) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 5.9] 
(k) 
Initial Level : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.9 / Not applicable 
(l) 
Reuters Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(m) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(n) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
Underlying(s): Futures Contract(s) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Futures Contract(s): 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Rolling Futures Contracts 
Applicable / Not applicable 
(c) 
Weighting / Wi: 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(d) 
Futures Contract Underlying: 
[⚫] (specify the share(s), the index(ices), the debt

--- Page 563 ---
563 
 
instrument(s) or the commodity(ies)) 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
(f) 
Exchange Business Day : 
[Exchange Business Day (Single Futures Contract 
Basis) (where single Futures Contract-linked)] / 
[Exchange Business Day (All Futures Contracts Basis) 
/ Exchange Business Day (Per Futures Contract Basis) 
(where Basket of Futures Contracts-linked)] 
(g) 
Scheduled Trading Day : 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Single Futures Contract 
Basis) (where single Futures Contract-linked)] / 
[Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures Contracts Basis) 
/ Scheduled Trading Day (Per Futures Contract Basis) 
(where Basket of Futures Contracts-linked)] 
(h) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 5.12] 
(i) 
Reuters Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(j) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(k) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(l) 
Futures Contract Sponsor : 
[⚫] 
Underlying(s) : Fund Units 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Fund(s): 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Weighting / Wi : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable  
(c) 
Valuation Date : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.11 
(d) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.11 
(e) 
Fund Business Day: 
[Fund Business Day (Single Fund Basis) (where single 
Fund Unit-linked)] / [Fund Business Day (All Funds 
Basis) / Fund Business Day (Per Fund Basis) (where 
Basket of Fund Units-linked)]/ Not applicable 
(f) 
Reuters Code(s):  
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(g) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(h) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(i) 
Fund Administrator: 
[⚫] 
(j) 
Management Company: 
[⚫] 
(k) 
Fund Adviser: 
[⚫] 
(l) 
Depositary :  
[⚫]

--- Page 564 ---
564 
 
(m) 
Maximum Subscription Fees: 
[⚫] 
(n) 
Maximum Settlement Fees: 
[⚫] 
(o) 
Fund 
Holding 
Event 
Percentage : 
Underlying(s): Exchange Rate(s) 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.11 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Exchange Rate(s): 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Weighting / Wi: 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(c) 
Price Source(s): 
[⚫] 
(d) 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 5.14] 
Underlying(s): Reference Rate(s) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Reference Rate 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Weighting / Wi: 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(c) 
Method of determination of 
the 
Underlying 
Reference 
Rate: 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
              Designated Maturity:  
              Reset Date: 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination:
 
 
Reference Rate:  
Interest Determination Date(s) 
:  
Specified Time:  
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
  
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs)  
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 4.2 C (i) III] 
[N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not 
be available at the relevant time] 
 [Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1.1] 
 
 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1.1]

--- Page 565 ---
565 
 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the case of 
LIBOR, or 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
(d) 
Price Source(s): 
 
[⚫] 
(e) 
Relevant Screen Page 
[⚫] 
(f) 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
Underlying(s): Debt Instrument(s) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Debt Instrument(s): 
[⚫] (specify, if applicable, whether it is a Bond, a 
Convertible Bond, a Perpetual Bond or a Contingent 
Bond ) 
(b) 
Company(ies): 
[⚫] 
(c) 
Debt 
Instrument 
Nominal 
Value: 
[⚫] 
(d) 
Debt 
Instrument 
Maturity 
Date:  
[⚫] 
(e) 
Weighting / Wi : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(f) 
Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] 
(g) 
Related Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] 
(h) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.16 
(i) 
Exchange Business Day:  
[Exchange Business Day (Single Debt Instrument 
Basis) (where single Debt Instrument-linked)] / 
[Exchange Business Day (All Debt Instruments Basis) 
/ Exchange Business Day (Per Debt Instrument Basis) 
(where Debt Instrument Basket-linked) / any Business 
Day] 
(j) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Single Debt Instrument 
Basis) (where single Debt Instrument-linked))] / 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Per Debt Instrument Basis) / 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Debt Instruments Basis) 
(where Debt Instrument Basket-linked)] 
(k) 
Debt Instrument Price: 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 5.16] 
(l) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(m) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable

--- Page 566 ---
566 
 
(n) 
Reuters Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(o) 
Screen Page: 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(p) 
Conversion Rate: 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(q) 
Capitalisation Rate: 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(r) 
Debt Instrument Coupon Rate: 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(s) 
Debt 
Instrument 
Coupon 
Frequency: 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(t) 
Partial 
Settlement 
upon 
Occurrence 
of 
a 
Debt 
Instrument Event 
Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs) 
(i) 
Partial 
Settlement 
Amount: 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.16 
Underlying(s): Listed Option(s) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Listed Option(s) : 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Weighting / Wi : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(c) 
Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] 
(d) 
Reuters Code(s): 
[⚫] 
(e) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫] 
(f) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫] 
(g) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 5.13] 
Underlying(s) : Commodity(ies) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Commodity(ies) : 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Precious Metals:  
[Gold (specify if non-allocated non-compliant with 
LBMA rules Gold) / Silver (specify if non-allocated 
non-compliant with LBMA rules Silver) / Platinum 
(specify if non-allocated non-compliant with LPPM 
rules Platinum) / Palladium (specify if non-allocated 
non-compliant with LPPM rules Palladium) / [specify 
other metal] / Not applicable] 
(c) 
Weighting / Wi : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(d) 
Basket: 
[Not Applicable / Multi-Exchange Basket/ Mono-
Exchange Basket]

--- Page 567 ---
567 
 
(e) 
Initial Price : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(f) 
Commodity Reference Price 
Sponsor: 
[⚫] 
(g) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[⚫] 
(h) 
Material Price Differential 
Percentage: 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(i) 
Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(j) 
Related Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(k) 
Reuters Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(l) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(m) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(n) 
Barrier : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(o) 
Commodity Reference Broker: 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(p) 
Precious Metals Reference 
Broker:  
 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(q) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.10 
(r) 
Exchange Business Day : 
[Exchange Business Day (Single Commodity Basis) 
(where 
single 
Commodity-linked)] 
/ 
[Exchange 
Business Day (Per Commodity Basis) / Exchange 
Business Day (All Commodities Basis) (where 
Commodity Basket-linked)] 
(s) 
Scheduled Trading Day : 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Single Commodity Basis) 
(where 
single 
Commodity-linked)] 
/ 
[Scheduled 
Trading Day (All Commodities Basis) / Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
(Per 
Commodity 
Basis) 
(where 
Commodity Basket-linked)] 
Underlying(s): Dynamic Portfolio(s) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Dynamic Portfolio(s) : 
[⚫]/ 
[All information regarding the Dynamic Portfolio can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
: 
www.exane.com/exaneindex15 / ⚫] 
(b) 
Portfolio Sponsor: 
[⚫] / [Exane Derivatives] 
 
15 The website gives an unlimited access to the content and is free of charge.

--- Page 568 ---
568 
 
(c) 
Portfolio Advisor: 
[⚫]  
(d) 
Portfolio 
Calculation 
Agent(s) : 
[⚫] / [Exane Derivatives] 
(e) 
Weighting / W(i) : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(f) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[⚫] / [Refer to the Technical Annex to the Final 
Terms] / Not applicable 
(g) 
Initial Level : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(h) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.17 
(i) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(j) 
ISIN Code(s) : 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
22. 
Securities linked to Credit Events 
(Types of CLN or Types of Credit 
Linked Portion or Types of Credit 
Linked Warrant)  
Applicable/Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Single 
Name [CLN/ 
Credit 
Linked Warrant] (Condition 
1.2): 
[Applicable / (Please delete if not applicable)] 
(b) 
First/nth to Default [CLN/ 
Credit Linked Warrant] 
(Condition 1.2): 
[Applicable / (Please delete if not applicable)] 
(c) 
Basket [CLN/ Credit Linked 
Warrant] (Condition 1.2): 
(d) 
Tranched [CLN/ Credit Linked 
Warrant] (Condition 1.2) 
[Applicable / (Please delete if not applicable)] 
 
[Applicable / (Please delete if not applicable)] 
(e) 
Index [CLN/ Credit Linked 
Warrant] (Condition 1.2): 
[Applicable / (Please delete if not applicable)] 
(i) Index : 
[⚫] 
(ii) Sponsor : 
[⚫] 
(f) 
Reference Portfolio (Condition 
1.2): 
Not applicable / [⚫] 
(g) 
Principal Protected [CLN/ 
Credit Linked Warrant] 
(Condition 1.2): 
[Applicable / (Please delete if not applicable)] 
(h) 
CDS Spread [CLN/ Credit 
Linked Warrant] (Condition 
1.2): 
[Applicable / (Please delete if not applicable)]

--- Page 569 ---
569 
 
(i) 
Specified Currency (Condition 
1.2): 
[[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 1.2 / [●]] 
23. 
Credit Linked Portion: 
[Not applicable / (Applicable if Hybrid Security). [⚫] 
% of the Nominal Value / [⚫]] 
24. 
Underlying-Linked Portion: 
[Not applicable / (Applicable if Hybrid Security). [⚫] 
% of the Nominal Value / [⚫]] 
INTEREST PROVISIONS 
25. 
Ex-Date (Condition 1.1): 
Not applicable / [⚫] 
26. 
Fixed Rate Interest provisions 
(Condition 4.1): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[⚫] 
per 
cent 
[per 
annum] 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(b) 
Specified Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[Insert the interest payment date(s)] [[Insert the day 
and the month] in each year up to and including the 
Scheduled Maturity Date] 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] : 
[⚫] 
(d) 
Broken Amount: 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s) and the Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which they relate] / Not applicable 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
1.1) : 
[Actual/365 - FBF – Actual/Actual - ISDA – 
Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] 
 
[Actual /365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual / 360] 
 
[30E / 360- Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30/360 - FBF – Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis)] 
 
[Actual / Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30/360 – 360/360 - Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Not applicable] 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1.1 ] [insert the

--- Page 570 ---
570 
 
day(s) and the month(s) when interest is normally paid 
(if several, then insert such dates in the alternative)] in 
each year [(only complete for issues for which the Day 
Count Fraction is Actual / Actual – ICMA)] [Not 
applicable] 
(g) 
Settlement Interest Accrual : 
[Not applicable]16/ [Not Accrued Interest / Accrued 
Interest/ Guaranteed Coupon17] 
27. 
Floating Rate Interest provisions 
(Condition 4.2): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Floating Coupon Amount : 
[Unless previously redeemed, on [each] [the] Interest 
Payment Date, the Issuer shall pay to the Holders,for 
each Security, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as follows:] 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Specified Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[⚫] (if applicable, specify the dates) 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day /Following Business Day 
/ Modified Following Business Day / Preceding 
Business Day ] 
(d) 
Reference Financial Market : 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1.1]  
(e) 
Method of determination of 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest Amount: 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
Reset Date: 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 4.2 C (i) III] 
[N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR which, 
depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time] 
(ii) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
Floating 
[⚫] 
 
16 For any Securities other than CLN or Hybrid Securities 
17 For the avoidance of doubt, this Guaranteed Coupon shall only be applicable if European Settlement or Settlement by Instalments is 
applicable.

--- Page 571 ---
571 
 
Rate Determination 
Date: 
(iii) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs) 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s) : 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1.1] 
Specified Time: 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1.1]  
 
(which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the case of 
LIBOR, or 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
Screen Page : 
 [⚫] 
(f) 
Margin(s) / Spread(s) : 
[+/-] [⚫]  
(g) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
(h) 
Representative Amount: 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1.1]  
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/ [[⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable] / [[⚫]per cent. per annum] / [⚫] 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
1.1) : 
[Actual /365 - FBF - Actual / Actual – ISDA – Actual / 
Actual] 
 
[Actual / Actual - FBF] 
 
[Actual /365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual / 360] 
 
[30E / 360- Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30/360 - FBF – Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis)] 
 
[Actual / Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30/360 – 360/360 - Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(l) 
Coefficient Multiplier: 
[Not applicable]/ [⚫]

--- Page 572 ---
572 
 
(m) 
Settlement Interest Accrual : 
[Not applicable]18/ [Not Accrued Interest / Accrued 
Interest19/ Guaranteed Coupon20] 
28. 
Zero Coupon provisions (Conditions 
4.4 and 5.6): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Accrual 
Yield 
(Condition 
5.6) : 
[⚫] per cent. per annum. 
(b) 
Reference Price : 
[⚫]% / In accordance with Condition 5.6 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
1.1) : 
[Actual/365 - FBF - Actual / Actual – ISDA – 
Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/Actual - FBF] 
 
[Actual/365 (fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30E/360- Eurobond basis] 
 
[30/360 - FBF – Actual 30A/360 (American bond 
basis)] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30/360 – 360/360 – Bond basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(d)  
Settlement Interest Accrual: 
[Not applicable]21/ [Not Accrued Interest / Accrued 
Interest/ Guaranteed Coupon22] 
29. 
Provisions relating to Securities 
linked to one or more Underlying(s) : 
[Applicable (Insert the following paragraph if interest 
payments are linked to one or more Underlying(s))) 
[Interest payments on Securities linked to one or more 
Underlying(s) shall be calculated in accordance with 
the following calculation formula : Coupon Indexed to 
a Value / Coupon Floored to the Previous Coupon / 
Coupon Capped to the Previous Coupon / Conditional 
Coupon / Tempo Coupon / Performance Detached 
Coupon / Capped and Floored Performance Detached 
Coupon / Fixed Coupon /Incremental Coupon / Not 
applicable (if not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraph)] 
 
18 For any Securities other than CLN or Hybrid Securities 
19 For Securities which are CLN or Hybrid Securities 
20 For the avoidance of doubt, this Guaranteed Coupon shall only be applicable if European Settlement or Settlement by Instalments is 
applicable. 
21 For any Securities other than CLN or Hybrid Securities 
22 For the avoidance of doubt, this Guaranteed Coupon shall only be applicable if European Settlement or Settlement by Instalments is 
applicable.

--- Page 573 ---
573 
 
Settlement Interest Accrual: 
[Not applicable]23/ [Not Accrued Interest / Accrued 
Interest24/ Guaranteed Coupon25] 
30. 
Late payment/delivery interest 
(Condition 13) : 
[In accordance with Condition 13.5] [(specify the 
applicable rate] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SETTLEMENT  
31. 
Final Settlement Amount of the 
Certificates (Condition 5.2): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs. N.B : this item should 
be "Not applicable" in the case of CLN and Hybrid 
Securities and Warrants) 
[Exercise of Certificates applies to the Certificates: the 
exercise of the Certificates is automatic on the 
Exercise Date without any prior notice being delivered 
by the relevant Holder. 
For the purpose of the Exercise of Certificates, 
Exercise Date is [⚫] or if such day is not a Business 
Day, the immediately [preceding/succeeding] Business 
Day. 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time: as specified in 
Condition 5.2.]26 
(a) 
Final Settlement Amount: 
[[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 1.1/ At par/Fixed 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.1 of the Technical 
Annex) / Bond Backed Settlement Amount (paragraph 
VI.A.2 of the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base 
Prospectus) / Delta One Settlement Amount (paragraph 
VI.A.3 of the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base 
Prospectus)/ Indexed Settlement Amount (paragraph 
VI.A.4 of the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base 
Prospectus)/ 
Conditional 
Settlement 
Amount 
(paragraph VI.A.5 of the Technical Annex to the 2021 
Base Prospectus) / Composite Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.A.6 of the Technical Annex to the 2021 
Base Prospectus)] / Combined Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.A.7 of the Technical Annex to the 2021 
Base Prospectus) / [insert the applicable formula in 
case of Exempt Securities]] 
(b) 
Cash 
Settlement 
and/or 
Physical Settlement: 
[⚫] 
32. 
Final Settlement Amount for [CLN/ 
Credit Linked Warrant] (Conditions 
6 and 7) 
[Applicable / [Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs. N.B : this item should 
be "Not applicable" for Certificates, Warrants other 
 
23 For any Securities other than CLN or Hybrid Securities 
24 For Securities which are CLN or Hybrid Securities 
25 For the avoidance of doubt, this Guaranteed Coupon shall only be applicable if European Settlement or Settlement by Instalments is 
applicable. 
26 Include for Certificates listed on Sedex

--- Page 574 ---
574 
 
than Credit Linked Warrants and Hybrid Securities).]  
(a) 
Final Settlement Amount : 
Subject to Conditions 6 and 7, and as described in 
[Condition 1.2 (2014 ISDA Definitions), i.e unless the 
CLN has been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, and provided that (a) the Calculation Agent 
has not sent an Extension Notice or a Credit Event 
Notice to the Issuer and to the Holders on or prior to 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period and (b) no 
Adjustment Event has occurred,] the Final Settlement 
Amount for each [CLN/Credit Linked Warrant] shall 
be the Final Settlement Amount Nominal Value [, as 
per Condition 1.23]/[which is a Delta One Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.A.3 of the Technical Annex to 
the 2021 Base Prospectus)]  
In case of occurrence of a Credit Event and upon 
satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement, the Final 
Settlement Amount for each [CLN/Credit Linked 
Warrant] shall be the Settlement Amount which is [a 
Physical Settlement Amount as per Condition 6.5.] / 
[an Alternative Settlement Amount with respect to 
[Cash 
Settlement 
Amount]/[Auction 
Settlement 
Amount]: [Alternative Settlement Amount: [First 
Alternative Settlement Amount: [as per paragraph 
VI.B.9.a of the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base 
Prospectus, with Reference Entity Weighting(s) 
meaning [⚫] and Reference Portfolio Notional Amount 
meaning [⚫]]/[Fixed Settlement Amount (paragraph 
VI.B.1. of the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base 
Prospectus)]]/ 
[Second Alternative Settlement Amount: [as per 
paragraph VI.B.9.b of the Technical Annex to the 2021 
Base 
Prospectus 
/[Fixed 
Settlement 
Amount 
(paragraph VI.B.1. of the Technical Annex to the 2021 
Base Prospectus)] 
With: 
Second Alternative Long CDS Final Settlement 
Method: 
Not 
applicable/Cash 
Settlement 
Method/Auction Settlement Method 
Second Alternative Shord CDS Final Settlement 
Method: 
Not 
applicable/Cash 
Settlement 
Method/Auction Settlement Method]/ 
[Third Alternative Settlement Amount]27] / 
[Not applicable] 
 
27 For the avoidance of doubt, this Third Alternative Settlement Amount shall be only applicable to CLN with a Nominal Value of not less 
than euros 100 000.

--- Page 575 ---
575 
 
(b) 
Type of Settlement : 
[Not applicable / American Settlement / European 
Settlement / Settlement by Instalments] 
 
(c) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement] 
 
[Cash Settlement] 
 
[Physical Settlement] 
(d) 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] 
 
[Physical Settlement] 
 
[Not applicable] 
(e) 
Conditions to Settlement 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information 
: 
Applicable/not applicable 
If applicable: Specified numbers [⚫] 
(f) 
Unwind Costs  
[Applicable: [in accordance with Condition 1.2 in case 
of [an Adjustment Event]/[Credit Event Determination 
Date]] / [●]]/ [specified the amount]/Not applicable 
(g) 
Hypothetical Credit Default 
Swap 
Applicable/Not applicable 
[Condition to be completed] 
33. 
Final Settlement Amount for Hybrid 
Securities (Conditions 6 and 7) 
[Applicable : Subject to Conditions 6 and 7, and as 
described in [Condition 1.2 (2014 ISDA Definitions) 
i.e. unless the CLN has been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, and provided that (a) the 
Calculation Agent has not sent an Extension Notice or 
a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer and to the Holders 
on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period 
and (b) no Adjustment Event has occurred], the Final 
Settlement Amount for each Hybrid Security shall be 
the sum of (i) Final Settlement Amount Nominal Value 
of the Credit Linked Portion (as described in (a) 
below) and (ii) the Underlying Settlement Amount of 
the Underlying-Linked Portion (as described in (b) 
below). 
Otherwise, in case of the occurrence of one or several 
Credit Event(s) and upon satisfaction of the Conditions 
to Settlement, the Final Settlement Amount for each 
Hybrid Security means the Hybrid Final Settlement 
Amount with Alternative Amount in respect of the 
[Cash 
Settlement 
Amount]/[Auction 
Settlement 
Amount] of the Credit Linked Portion (as described in 
(a) below) and Underlying Settlment Amount (as 
described in (b) below).] / [Not applicable] (if not

--- Page 576 ---
576 
 
applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs. N.B : 
this item should be "Not applicable" in the case of 
Certificates, Warrants and CLN) (For Hybrid 
Securities)  
(a) 
Credit Linked Portion  
 
(i) 
Settlement Amount of 
the 
Credit-Linked 
Portion 
Unless the CLN has been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, and provided that the 
Calculation Agent has not sent an Extension Notice or 
a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer and to the Holders 
on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period: [Final Settlement Amount Nominal Value [, as 
per Condition 1.2]/[which is Delta One Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.A.3 of the Technical Annex to 
the 2021 Base Prospectus)]]  
In case of occurrence of a Credit Event and upon 
satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement, the 
Settlement Amount of the Credit Linked Portion 
(which is a [Cash Settlement Amount][Auction 
Settlement Amount]) will be : [Alternative Settlement 
Amount: [First Alternative Settlement Amount: [as per 
paragraph VI.B.9.a of the Technical Annex to the 2021 
Base Prospectus, with Reference Entity Weighting(s) 
meaning [⚫] and Reference Portfolio Notional Amount 
meaning [⚫]]/[Fixed Settlement Amount (paragraph 
VI.B.1. of the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base 
Prospectus)]]/ 
[Second Alternative Settlement Amount: [as per 
paragraph VI.B.9.b of the Technical Annex to the 2021 
Base 
Prospectus 
/[Fixed 
Settlement 
Amount 
(paragraph VI.B.1 of the Technical Annex to the 2021 
Base Prospectus)] 
With: 
Second Alternative Long CDS Final Settlement 
Method: 
Not 
applicable/Cash 
Settlement 
Method/Auction Settlement Method 
Second Alternative Shord CDS Final Settlement 
Method: 
Not 
applicable/Cash 
Settlement 
Method/Auction Settlement Method] 
[Third Alternative Settlement Amount]28] / 
[Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Type of Settlement : 
[Not applicable / American Settlement / European 
 
28 For the avoidance of doubt, this Third Alternative Settlement Amount shall be only applicable to CLN with a Nominal Value of not less 
than euros 100 000.

--- Page 577 ---
577 
 
Settlement / Settlement by Instalments] 
 
[(if European Settlement, American Settlement or 
Settlement by Instalments is applicable, add the 
following) If American Settlement / European 
Settlement / Settlement by Instalments is applicable: 
the Credit-Linked Portion and the Underlying Linked 
Portion are affected in accordance with Condition 6.] 
(iii) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement] 
 
[Cash Settlement] 
 
[Physical Settlement] 
(iv) 
Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement] 
 
[Physical Settlement] 
 
[Not applicable] 
(v) 
Conditions 
to 
Settlement 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information 
: 
Applicable/not applicable 
If applicable: Specified numbers [⚫] 
(vi) 
Unwind Costs  
[Applicable: [in accordance with Condition 1.2 in case 
of [an Adjustment Event]/[Credit Event Determination 
Date]] / [●] / [specified the amount]/Not applicable 
(vii) 
Hypothetical 
Credit 
Default Swap 
Applicable/Not applicable 
[Condition to be completed] 
(b) 
Underlying-Linked Portion: 
 
(i) 
Underlying 
Settlement Amount: 
[[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 1.1 /Fixed 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.1 of the Technical 
Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / Bond Backed 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.2 of the Technical 
Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / Delta One 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.3 of the Technical 
Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus)/ Indexed 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.4 of the Technical 
Annex of the 2021 Base Prospectus)/ Conditional 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.5 of the Technical 
Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) /Composite 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.6 of the Technical 
Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus)] / Combined 
Settlement Amount (parapgraph VI.A.7 of the 
Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus)] / 
[insert the applicable formula in case of exempted 
Securities]]

--- Page 578 ---
578 
 
(ii) 
Cash 
Settlement 
and/or 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
In 
the 
case 
of 
Physical Settlement, 
option 
to 
have 
payment of coupons 
detached from Shares/ 
Fund 
Units/ 
Debt 
Instruments : 
 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
SPECIFIC CREDIT LINKED NOTE OR CREDIT LINKED PORTION OF HYBRID 
SECURITIES OR CREDIT LINKED WARRANT PROVISIONS  
(if the Securities are Certificates or Warrants other than Credit Linked Warrants, insert "Not applicable" for 
items 34 to 52 below) 
34. 
Tranched 
[CLN/ 
Credit 
Linked 
Warrant] 
Applicable/Not applicable 
 
(Provisions relating to Tranched [CLN/ Credit Linked 
Warrant] : if not applicable delete the remaining 
subparagraphs) 
(a) 
Aggregate Loss Amount 
As per Condition 1.2 / [●] 
(b) 
Loss Amount 
As per Condition 1.2 / [●] 
(c) 
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount 
As per Condition 1.2 / [●] 
(d) 
Tranche subordination Amount 
As per Condition 1.2 / [●] 
(e) 
Tranche Nominal Amount 
As per Condition 1.2 / [●] 
(f) 
Attachment Point 
[⚫]% 
(g) 
Detachment Point 
[⚫]% 
(h) 
Reference 
Portfolio 
Notional 
Amount 
As per Condition 1.2 / [●] 
(i) 
Reference Price 
[⚫]% 
(j) 
Reference Entity Weighting 
[⚫]% / [⚫] 
35. 
Credit Event(s) (Condition 1.2): 
[Not applicable] /[Applicable] 
[[⚫] (specify the name of the Settlement Physical 
Settlement Matrix)] 
(delete the credit events that do not apply) 
 
[Obligation Default]

--- Page 579 ---
579 
 
Default Requirement: [USD 10,000,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency at the time the 
relevant Failure to Pay occurs.] / [⚫]] 
 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Failure to Pay: 
Payment Requirement: [USD 1,000,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency at the time the 
relevant Failure to Pay occurs.] / [⚫]] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring : 
[Mod R: [not] applicable] 
[Mod Mod R: [not] applicable] 
 
[Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation: Applicable] 
 
[Multiple Holder Obligation: Applicable / Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Multiple Credit Event Notices: [not] applicable] 
 
[If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type : Governmental Intervention shall be applicable] 
 
[Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(Only include prompts below if NTCE Provisions 
amendments are to be disapplied) 
[NTCE Provisions: Not applicable 
[Fallback Discounting: Not applicable] 
[Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
Not 
applicable]]". 
 
36. 
Portion affected by a Credit 
Event (Condition 1.2): 
[(for [CLN/Credit Linked Warrant] linked to a Basket) 
/ In accordance with Condition 1.2 / [●]]/ [(for [CLN / 
Credit Linked Warrant] not linked to a Basket) / In 
accordance with Condition 1.2 / [●]] / Not applicable 
37. 
Notice Delivery Period 
[In accordance with Condition 1.2 / [●]][Other] [Not

--- Page 580 ---
580 
 
applicable] 
38. 
Grace Period (Condition 1.2 ): 
[[number of days] / In accordance with Condition 1.2 / 
[●] / Not applicable] 
39. 
Grace Period Extension (Condition 
6.1(ii)): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
40. 
Obligation Category (Condition 1.2): 
[Not applicable] / 
 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
41. 
Obligation Characteristics 
(Condition 1.2 ): 
[Not applicable] /  
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Specified Currency] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
42. 
Excluded Obligation (Condition 1.2): 
[Not applicable] / [None/[⚫] (specify any Obligation 
of the reference Entity)] 
43. 
Deliverable Obligation  
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category 
(Condition 1.2): 
[Applicable/Not applicable ] 
 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan]

--- Page 581 ---
581 
 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Means, as of the Delivery Commencement Date, such 
obligation 
(or, 
if 
applicable, 
the 
Underlying 
Obligation) shall have the following characteristics: 
 
[Listed, 
Transferable, 
Not 
Domestic 
Issuance, 
Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan 
Participation, Accelerated or Matured, Not Bearer, 
Maximum Maturity, Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law 
and Not Sovereign Lender] 
44. 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations 
(Condition 1.2): 
[⚫] / (specify Obligation(s) of a Reference Entity) / 
[Not applicable] 
45. 
Include Accrued Interest 
[⚫] / [Not applicable] 
46. 
Reference Entity / Reference 
Entities (Condition 1.2): 
[⚫] / [Not applicable] 
 
[specify name, ISIN, address, country of incorporation,
industry or industries in which the reference entity
operates and the name of the market in which its
securities are admitted] (if: (i) the the Securities are
issued pursuant to a public offer or admitted to trading
on a regulated market ; and (ii) the Reference Entity
(or the issuer of the Reference Obligation) has
securities already admitted to trading on a regulated
market, equivalent third country market or SME
Growth Market) 
47. 
Additional provisions relating to 
certain specific Reference Entities 
Not applicable/ Applicable, if relevant as per 
Condition 6.15. 
48. 
Reference Obligation(s) (Condition 
1.2 3): 
[⚫] / [Not applicable] 
(For Non-Exempt Securities linked to a single 
Reference Obligation or Reference Obligation(s) 
representing more than 20% of the pool, such 
Reference Obligation or Reference Obligations need to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the EEA) 
49. 
All Guarantees (Condition 1.2): 
[Applicable (if applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) / Not applicable]  
 
Primary Obligor: [Reference Entity / specify] 
 
Guarantor : [None / [⚫]] 
 
Maturity Date: [⚫] 
 
Coupon : [⚫]

--- Page 582 ---
582 
 
 
ISIN / CUSIP Code: [⚫] 
50. 
Cash Settlement (Condition 6.4): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
The Issuer shall redeem the [CLN/ Credit Linked 
Warrant//the Credit Linked Portion] in accordance 
with Condition 6.4. 
 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraphs) 
(a) 
Cash Settlement Amount: 
[⚫] / [First Alternative Settlement Amount/Second 
Alternative 
Settlement 
Amount/Third 
Alternative 
Settlement Amount29] 
(b) 
Final Price:  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
(if Final Price is fixed, specify the percentage and 
delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
Valuation Date: 
[Single Valuation Date: [⚫] Business Days / In 
accordance with Condition 1.2 / [●]] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [⚫] Business Days / [In 
accordance with Condition 1.2 / [●]]] and each [[⚫] 
Business Days thereafter / In accordance with 
Condition 1.2 / [●]] 
 
[Number of Valuation Dates: [⚫] / In accordance with 
Condition 5] 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1.2 / [●]] 
Quotation Method: 
[[Bid / Mid-Market / Offer] / In accordance with 
Condition 1.2 / [●]]] 
Quotation Amount: 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1.2 / [●]] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[⚫] / The lower of (1) USD 1,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (2) 
the Quotation Amount. 
Dealer : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 1.2 / [●]] 
(c) 
Accrued Interest: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(d) 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
(e) 
Settlement Currency: 
[⚫] 
(f) 
[Reference Price: 
[[⚫] / 100%] 
 
29 For the avoidance of doubt, this Third Alternative Settlement Amount shall be only applicable to CLN with a Nominal Value of not less 
than euros 100 000 or Credit Linked Warrant with a Nominal Value of not less than euros 100 000.

--- Page 583 ---
583 
 
(g) 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest] / [Market] 
[Average Market] / [Average Highest] 
Blended Market][Blended Highest] [Average Blended 
Market] [Average Blended Highest] 
51. 
Physical Settlement (Condition 6.5): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
(a) 
Deliverable Obligations  
 
[⚫] 
52. 
Auction Settlement (Condition 6.3): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if applicable The Issuer 
shall redeem the [CLN / Credit Linked Warrants /the 
Credit Linked Portion] in accordance with the Auction 
Settlement provisions of Condition 6.3 
(a) 
Auction Settlement Date: 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Auction Settlement Amount: 
[⚫] / [First Alternative Settlement Amount/Second 
Alternative 
Settlement 
Amount/Third 
Alternative 
Settlement Amount30] 
SPECIFIC WARRANTS PROVISIONS 
53. 
Provisions relating to Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs.)  
(This item should be "Not Applicable" in the case of 
Certificates, CLN and Hybrid Securities.) 
(a) 
Type of Warrants: 
The 
Warrants 
are 
[European/American] 
Style 
Warrants. 
The Warrants are [Cash Settled /Physical Delivery] 
Warrants. 
The Warrants are [Call /Put] Warrants. 
(b) 
Automatic Exercice: 
Automatic Exercice [applies/does not apply] 
(Automatic Exercice may only apply in relation to 
Cash Settled Warrants) 
(c) 
Units: 
[Warrants must be exercised in Units. Each Unit 
 
30 For the avoidance of doubt, this Third Alternative Settlement Amount shall be only applicable to CLN with a Nominal Value of not less 
than euros 100 000.

--- Page 584 ---
584 
 
consists of [insert the number of Warrants] 
Warrants.]/[Not applicable] 
(This is in addition to any requirements relating to 
"Minimum Exercise Number" or "Maximum Exercise 
Number" as set out below). 
(d) 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
The minimum number of Warrants that may be 
exercised (including automatic exercise) [on any day 
by any Holder] [on the Actual Exercise Date] is [⚫] 
[and Warrants may only be exercised (including 
automatic exercise) in integral multiples of [⚫] 
Warrants in excess thereof]. 
(e) 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
The maximum number of Warrants that must be 
exercised on any day by any Holder or group of 
Holders (whether or not acting in concert) is [⚫]. (Not 
applicable for European Style Warrants) 
(f) 
Aggregation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(g) 
Exercise Price(s): 
The exercise price(s) per [Warrant/Unit] (which may 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Conditions) amount to [⚫]. (Not applicable for Cash 
Settled Warrants) Not applicable] 
(h) 
Parity: 
[⚫]/[Not applicable] 
(i) 
Exercise Date: 
The exercise date of the Warrants is [⚫], provided 
that, if such date is not an Exercise Business Day, the 
Exercise Date shall be the immediately succeeding 
Exercise Business Day. (Only applicable in relation 
to European Style Warrants). 
(j) 
Exercise Period: 
The exercise period in respect of the Warrants is [⚫], 
[inclusive of the dates specified] [, or if either day 
specified is not an Exercise Business Day, the 
immediately succeeding Exercise Business Day]. 
(Only applicable in relation to certain American Style 
Warrants). 
(k) 
Settlement Date: 
[⚫] / [in accordance with Condition [5.7]] 
(l) 
Cash Settled Warrant Amount: 
[Indexed Warrant Amount (paragraph VI.A.8.a of the 
Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / 
Conditional Warrant Amount (paragraph VI.A.8.b of 
the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / 
Delta One Warrant Amount (paragraph VI.A.8.c of 
the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus)] / 
[⚫] (insert the applicable formula in case of exempted 
Securities)] 
(m) 
Automatic Early Settlement: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-

--- Page 585 ---
585 
 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic Early 
Settlement Condition: 
[European Barrier Condition (paragraph II.D.1.a of 
the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / 
Daily Barrier Condition (paragraph II.D.1.b of the 
Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / 
Bermudan Barrier Condition (paragraph II.D.1.c of 
the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / 
American Barrier Condition (paragraph II.D.1.d of 
the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / 
Reference Date Condition (paragraph II.D.1..e of the 
Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus ) /[refer 
to the technical annex to the Final Terms] 
(ii) 
Automatic Early 
Valuation Date(s): 
 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Automatic Early 
Settlement Amount: 
[Indexed Warrant Amount (paragraph VI.B.8.a of the 
Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / 
Conditional Warrant Amount (paragraph VI.B.8.b of 
the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / 
Delta One Warrant Amount (paragraph VI.B.8.c of 
the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus)] / 
[⚫] (insert the applicable formula in case of exempted 
Securities)]  
(iv) 
Automatic Early 
Settlement Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(n) 
Entitlement: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (only applicable for 
Physical Delivery Warrants) 
The Entitlement Amount is [⚫]. 
The Entitlement will be delivered [insert details of the 
method of delivery of the Entitlement]. 
The Entitlement will be evidenced by [insert details 
of how the Entitlement will be evidenced]. 
EARLY SETTLEMENT AND OPTIONAL SETTLEMENT PROVISIONS 
54. 
Automatic Early Settlement 
(Condition 5.19): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Automatic Early Settlement 
Condition : 
[European Barrier Condition (paragraph II.D.1.a of the 
Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / Daily 
Barrier Condition (paragraph II.D.1.b of the Technical 
Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / Bermudan 
Barrier Condition (paragraph II.D.1.c of the Technical 
Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / American 
Barrier Condition (paragraph II.D.1.d of the Technical 
Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / Reference Date 
Condition (paragraph II.D.1..e of the Technical Annex 
to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / refer to the Technical

--- Page 586 ---
586 
 
Annex to the Final Terms] 
(b) 
Automatic Early Valuation 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(c) 
Automatic Early Settlement 
Amount: 
[In accordance with Condition 1.1 / Fixed Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.B.1 of the Technical Annex to 
the 2021 Base Prospectus) / Bond Backed Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.B.2 of the Technical Annex to 
the 2021 Base Prospectus) / Delta One Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.B.3 of the Technical Annex to 
the 2021 Base Prospectus)/ Indexed Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.B.4 of the Technical Annex to 
the 2021 Base Prospectus) / Conditional Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.B.5 of the Technical Annex to 
the 2021 Base Prospectus) / Composite Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.B.6 of the Technical Annex to 
the 2021 Base Prospectus) / Combined Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.B.7 of the Technical Annex to 
the 2021 Base Prospectus)] [insert the applicable 
formula in case of Exempt Securities] 
(d) 
Automatic Early Settlement 
Date(s) : 
[⚫] 
(e) 
Cash Settlement and/or 
Physical Settlement: 
[⚫] 
55. 
Settlement 
Option 
at 
the 
Issuer's 
discretion (Condition 5.4): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, ensure 
compliance 
with 
the 
Communication 
FSMA_2017_04 dated 30 January 2017) 
(a) 
Optional Settlement Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Reference Date for the Issuer : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(c) 
Optional Settlement Amount(s) : 
[In accordance with Condition 1.1 / Fixed 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.1 of the 
Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / 
Bond Backed Settlement Amount (paragraph 
VI.B.2 of the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base 
Prospectus) / Delta One Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.B.3 of the Technical Annex to the 
2021 Base Prospectus)/ Indexed Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.B.4 of the Technical Annex to the 
2021 Base Prospectus) / Conditional Settlement 
Amount(paragraph VI.B.5 of the Technical Annex 
to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / Composite 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.6 of the 
Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / 
Combined Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.7 of 
the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus)]

--- Page 587 ---
587 
 
[insert the applicable formula in case of Exempt 
Securities] 
(d) 
Partial Settlement: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
(i) 
Minimum Principal 
Amount Payable: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Maximum Principal 
Amount Payable : 
[⚫] 
(e) 
Notice period (if different from 
the period specified in the 
Conditions) : 
[Not applicable / [[⚫](if different than as set out in 
the Conditions)] 
(f) 
Option Trigger: 
[Applicable / Not applicable)] (if not applicable, 
delete the following sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Option Threshold 
Trigger: 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 1.1  
(g) 
Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement: 
[⚫] 
56. 
Settlement Option at the Holder's 
discretion (Condition 5.5): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Optional Settlement Date(s) : 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Reference Date for the Holder: 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(c) 
Optional Settlement Amount(s) : 
[In 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
1.1 
/Fixed 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.1 of the 
Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / 
Bond Backed Settlement Amount (paragraph 
VI.B.2 of the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base 
Prospectus) / Delta One Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.B.3 of the Technical Annex to the 
2021 Base Prospectus)/ Indexed Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.B.4 of the Technical Annex to the 
2021 Base Prospectus)/ Conditional Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.B.5 of the Technical Annex 
to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / Composite 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.6 of the 
Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus) / 
Combined Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.7 of 
the Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus)] 
[insert the applicable formula in case of Exempt 
Securities] 
(d) 
Notice period: 
[Not applicable / [⚫]]  
(e) 
Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement: 
[⚫]

--- Page 588 ---
588 
 
57. 
Early Settlement by the Issuer as a 
result of an Event 
 
(a) 
Unwind Costs 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be 
“Not applicable” 
(b) 
Essential Trigger 
Applicable / Not applicable]  
For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be 
“Applicable” 
(c) 
Market Value 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
This may only be “Applicable” for offers to 
consumers in Belgium 
(d) 
Highest Value 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
This may only be “Applicable” for offers to 
consumers in Belgium 
If Highest Value is applicable:  
[Protected Amount: [⚫]] 
(e) 
Monetisation Option 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
This may only be “Applicable” for offers to 
consumers in Belgium 
If Monetisation Option is applicable:  
[Protected Amount: [⚫]] 
58. 
Information relating to Settlement by 
Instalments (Condition 5.3): 
[Not applicable / Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s) : 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s) : 
[⚫] 
59. 
Information relating to Partly Paid 
[Certificates / CLN or Hybrid 
Securities] (Condition 5.20): 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
MARKET DISRUPTION AND ADJUSTMENTS 
60. 
Capitalised Fair Market Value Option 
(Conditions 5.8 to 5.17): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the following sub-paragraph) 
Capitalisation Rate applicable to the 
[⚫] / Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index

--- Page 589 ---
589 
 
Capitalised Fair Market Value: 
published 
on 
Bloomberg 
under 
the 
ticker 
EXDMEURC Index 
61. 
Adjustment Methods 
Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, 
delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Share 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Related Exchange 
Method / Calculation Agent Method / Calculation 
Agent Method (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Settlement Method  
(b) 
Index 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Related Exchange 
Method / Calculation Agent Method / Calculation 
Agent Method (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Settlement Method  
(c) 
Commodities 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Related Exchange 
Method / Calculation Agent Method / Calculation 
Agent Method (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Settlement Method  
(d) 
Funds 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Calculation Agent 
Method / Calculation Agent Method (excluding 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging) / Settlement Method  
(e) 
Futures Contract 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Calculation Agent 
Method / Calculation Agent Method (excluding 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging) / Settlement Method  
(f) 
Listed Options 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Calculation Agent 
Method / Calculation Agent Method (excluding 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging) / Settlement Method  
(g) 
Exchange Rate 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Calculation Agent 
Method / Calculation Agent Method (excluding 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging) / Settlement Method  
(h) 
Reference Rate 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Calculation Agent 
Method / Calculation Agent Method (excluding 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging) / Settlement Method 
(i) 
Debt Instrument 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and

--- Page 590 ---
590 
 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Related Exchange 
Method / Calculation Agent Method / Calculation 
Agent Method excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging / Liquidation Method: 
[the Debt Instrument Liquidation Value as 
determined by using the formulae of the Technical 
Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus]/[as per 
Condition 5.16(C)(i)(c)(2)] / Settlement Method  
(j) 
Dynamic Portfolio 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Calculation Agent 
Method / Calculation Agent Method (excluding 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging) / Settlement Method 
(k) 
Credit 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging) / Calculation Agent 
Method / Calculation Method (excluding Hedging 
Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging) / 
Settlement Method  
PLEDGING OF SECURITIES ACCOUNT 
62. 
Additional guarantee in the form of a 
pledging of securities account (Condition 
3.3): 
[A copy of the Statement of Pledge / A copy of the 
Acknowledgement of Pledge may be obtained 
from the Pledged Account Custodian: / Not 
applicable] (if not applicable delete the following 
sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Pledged Account Custodian: 
[⚫]/[BNP Paribas Securities Services - 3, Rue 
d’Antin – 75002 Paris – France / [Other – Please 
Specify]  
(b) 
Eligible Financial Instruments: 
[⚫] 
(c) 
Secured Debt : 
Each payment obligation and liability due under 
the [Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities], 
whether present or future, actual, contingent or 
owed jointly or severally (or any other capacity 
whatsoever), within the limits of the mark to 
market of the [Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid 
Securities] without Issuer spread. 
(d) 
Quantity of Eligible Financial 
Instruments:  
[[⚫]/ Not applicable] 
(e) 
Fixed Pledge Value: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(f) 
Minimum Pledge Value per 
Certificate/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid 
Security: 
[[⚫] / Not applicable] 
(g) 
Pledge Calculation Date: 
[⚫] 
(h) 
Composition of the Pledged 
(Applicable in case of a Tranche n°1, or of

--- Page 591 ---
591 
 
Account: 
 
 
 
subsequent Tranche for which no Elligible 
Financial Instruments are added) otherwise not 
applicable) [On the Issue Date the Pledged 
Account is as specified in the table below] / [⚫] / 
[Not applicable] 
(i) 
Eligible Financial Instruments 
added on the Pledged Account: 
(Applicable in case of Tranche n°2 and subsequent 
for which some Eligible Financial Instruments are 
added, otherwise not applicable) [On the Issue 
Date, the following Eligible Financial Instruments 
shall be added on the Pledged Account, as 
specified in the table below] / [⚫] / [Not 
applicable] 
OTHER GENERAL PROVISIONS  
63. 
Form 
of 
the 
[CLN]/[Hybrid 
Securities]/[Credit 
Linked 
Warrants] 
(Condition 2.2): 
[Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Form of the CLN/Hybrid 
Securities/Credit Linked Warrants: 
[Not 
applicable 
/ 
Bearer/Administered 
registered/Pure registered] 
(b) 
Registrar: 
[Not applicable / (if applicable provide the name 
and contact details– (Note that a Registrar must be 
nominated for CLN in pure registered form)] 
64. 
Form 
of 
the 
[Certificates/Warrants] (Condition 2.2): 
[Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Form of the 
[Certificates/Warrants] : 
[Not 
applicable 
/ 
Bearer/Administered 
registered/Pure registered] 
(b) 
Registrar: 
[Not applicable / (if applicable provide the name 
and contact details– (Note that a Registrar must be 
nominated for Certificates or Warrants in pure 
registered form))] 
65. 
Additional 
Financial 
Market(s) (Condition 13.4): 
[Not applicable / (specify if applicable - this point 
concerns the place of payment)] 
66. 
Provisions 
governing 
redenomination, 
changes 
in 
Nominal 
Value 
and 
conventions (Condition 2.6): 
[Not applicable / The provisions of Condition 2.5 
apply] 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
EXANE SOLUTIONS (LUXEMBOURG) SA   
[●]] 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor 
EXANE SA 
[●]]

--- Page 592 ---
592 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading  
(a) 
Listing application and admission to trading: [Not applicable / Application has been made by 
the Issuer (or on his behalf) for the [Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities] to be listed 
on the official list and admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange / the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange / the Euro MTF market / the professional segment of the Euro MTF market31 / [In 
the case of admission to trading on SIX Swiss Exchange: SIX Swiss Exchange] [⚫]] with 
effect from [⚫]./[Application will be made to list the Securities on the Italian Stock Exchange 
and to admit the Securities described herein for trading on the electronic "Securitised 
Derivatives Market" (the "SeDeX"), organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. [with 
effect from [⚫]]/No assurance can be given that the listing and admission to trading of the 
Securities will be authorised.] 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission to trading : [Not applicable/ (if applicable, 
specify the amount)]32 
2. 
Rating 
[The Securities to be issued [have] / [have not] / been rated:  
[Moody’s France SAS :  
[⚫] 
Other: 
 
 
[⚫] 
[If credit ratings are assigned to Securities at the request or with the cooperation of the Issuer in the 
rating process, need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
Moody’s France SAS is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies (as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011) (the “CRA Regulation”), as it appears on the 
list 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs ) dated 3 June 2013. 
3. 
 Third Party Information  
Not applicable/(if applicable) : 
Information contained in the Final Terms that is sourced from a third party has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has also identified the source(s) of such 
information. 
4. 
Conflicts of Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in The Issue / Offer 
[Save as discussed in the “Potential conflicts of interest“and “Potential conflicts of interest in 
connection with Proprietary Indices” paragraph in the “Risk Factors” section, so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities has an 
interest material to the offer/ (specify if a conflict of interests exists).] 
 
 
32 will apply if the minimum nominal value is at least €100,000

--- Page 593 ---
593 
 
5. 
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds: [The net proceeds from each issue of Securities will 
be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. A substantial portion of the 
proceeds from each issue of Securities will be used to establish various hedging financial 
instruments in respect of such Securities.] (if other, specify)]33 
(b) 
Estimated total expenses: [Not applicable / (if applicable, specify)]34 
(c) 
Estimated net proceeds: [Not applicable / (if applicable, specify)]35 
(d) 
Estimated net proceeds and use of Proceeds for wholesale Securities: [Not applicable /(if 
applicable, specify)]36 
6. 
Fixed Rate Securities Only – Yield 
Not applicable/Applicable : 
Yield: (specify)] 
[(only applicable to offers to the public in France) : Yield spread of [specify]% compared to French 
OAT (obligations assimilables du Trésor) of similar maturity.] 
7. 
Floating Rate Securities Only – Historical Interest Rate  
Not applicable/Applicable : 
Historical information on EURIBOR, LIBOR, and CMS rates may be obtained from Reuters. 
8. 
Placement and Subscription 
[As of the Issue Date, it is not expected that any placement fees will be payable to third parties in 
connection with these [Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities]. / Exane Derivatives will pay a 
fee to third parties in connection with the placement of these [Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid 
Securities] [in the form of either a commission or an amount equal to the difference between the 
subscription price for the [Certificate/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities] and the price payable by 
investors.] / Exane Derivatives may receive a placement fee from [a] third party(ies). / [Exane 
Derivatives will pay a fee equal to [●] to third parties in connection with the placement of these 
[Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities]/ Further information on the amount of any fees [paid/ 
received] are available upon request from Exane Derivatives (6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France).] 
[⚫]37 
9. 
Source of Information about the Past and the Future Performance of [the Reference Entity] [and] 
/ [the Underlying(s)] and its Volatility, Explanation of Effect on Value of Investment and 
Associated 
Information concerning [the Reference Entity(ies)] [and]/[the Underlying(s)] can be found on 
[Bloomberg/Reuters/(website of Company if the underlying is a share/ website of the Sponsor if the 
underlying is an index / other source of information)]. Information about the past and the future 
 
33 will apply if the minimum nominal value is of less than €100,000 
34 will apply if the minimum nominal value is of less than €100,000 
35 will apply if the minimum nominal value is of less than €100,000 
36 will apply if the minimum nominal value is at least €100,000 
37 will apply if the minimum nominal value is of less than €100,000

--- Page 594 ---
594 
 
performance of [the Reference Entity(ies)] [and] / [the Underlying(s)] and their volatility may be 
obtained in electronic format from the Calculation Agent. 
10. 
Practical Information  
 
[Central Depositary]/[Common 
depositary]/[Other depositary] : 
[Euroclear France 
115, rue Réaumur – 75002 Paris – France] 
 
[specify the name and address of the common 
depositary or other depositary] 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
Telekurs Code and other code(s) : 
[⚫] 
Paying Agent(s) details : 
[Not applicable / (if applicable provide the details of 
the relevant Paying Agent(s) other than the Principal 
Paying Agent) ] 
Fees: 
[Not applicable / (fees charged to investors after the 
issue and whilst the Certificate/Warrants remains in 
force)] 
11. 
[Placement]38 
 
[Name of Dealer : 
[Exane Derivatives  
6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France 
] / [(if other, specify)] 
Syndication 
The Securities will be distributed on a [non-] 
syndicated basis. 
[if syndicated, specify names of the Dealers] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known 
to the Issuer, of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of 
the 
global offer and of single parts of the offer:39 
 
Name and address of any paying agents and 
depository agents in each country (in addition 
to the Principal Paying Agent): 
 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a 
firm commitment basis, and entities agreeing 
to place the issue without a firm commitment 
or under "best efforts" arrangements: 
 
When the placement/underwriting agreement 
has been or will be reached:] 
 
[The Authorised Institutions identified in Paragraph 12 
of Part B and identifiable from the Base 
Prospectus/None/give details] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫] 
 
 
38 will apply if the minimum nominal value is of less than €100,000 
39 Where not all the issue is underwritten

--- Page 595 ---
595 
 
12. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the following paragraph)  
 
13. 
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers in 
Belgium 
14. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
Statement on Benchmarks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15. 
Non-exempt Offer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Securities are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] [,as specified in the 
table below]– if more than one specify in relation to 
each relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of 
the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register of Administrators and Benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 
of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) [(the "BMR")].] [, as specified in the table 
below]. [repeat as necessary]]]" 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name of 
Benchmark[s]]/[the [relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] 
not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of the BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that the [relevant] 
Administrator is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration[, as specified in the table 
below].] [repeat as necessary or insert necessary 
information in a table below]] 
 
[Benchmark Administrator Register Other Information 
[⚫]             [⚫]         [⚫]          [⚫]] 
[Not applicable]] 
 
Not applicable/ A Non-exempt Offer of the 
[Certificates/Warrants/CLN/Hybrid Securities] may be 
made by [the Dealer] [and any Authorised Institutions 
below mentioned] [and any financial intermediaries to 
whom the Issuer gives a General Consent] in the 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) during the Offer Period as 
specified below (if not applicable, delete the sub-
paragraphs below)40 
[Public Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
[Belgium/France/Italy/Ireland/Luxembourg] 
 
40 will apply if the minimum nominal value is of less than €100,000

--- Page 596 ---
596 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject:  
Applicable / Not applicable / (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraph) 
Total amount of the issue/offer. If the amount 
is not fixed, description of the arrangements 
and time for announcing to the public the 
definitive amount of the offer: 
[⚫] 
Offer 
Period, 
including 
any 
possible 
amendments, during which the offer will be 
open and description of the subscription 
procedure: 
[⚫] 
Possibility to reduce subscriptions and the 
manner for refunding excess amounts paid by 
subscribers: 
[⚫] 
Minimum and/or maximum amount of 
subscription, 
(whether 
in 
number 
of 
Certificate”s or aggregate amount to invest) : 
[⚫] 
Consent of the Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus during the Offer Period: 
Applicable / Not applicable / (if not applicable, delete 
the following sub-paragraph) 
Specific Consent 
Not applicable / Applicable for any Authorised 
Institution specified below 
General Consent  
Not applicable / Applicable 
Authorised Institution(s)  
Not applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediaries nominated by the Issuer to act 
as Authorised Institution(s) 
Additional conditions relating to consent of 
the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus: 
Not applicable / specify any additional condition 
relating to consent of the Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus 
Method and time limits for paying up the 
notes and for delivery of the notes: 
[⚫] 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public : 
[⚫] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
unexercised 
subscription rights: 
[⚫] 
If the offer is being made simultaneously on 
the markets of several countries, and if a 
tranche has been or is reserved for some of 
them, specify which tranche: 
 
 
[⚫]

--- Page 597 ---
597 
 
Process for notification to subscribers of the 
amount allotted to them and indication 
whether 
dealing 
may 
begin 
before 
notification is made: 
[⚫] 
Offer Price: 
[The Issuer has offered the Securities to the Dealer at 
the initial Issue Price of [specify] less a total 
commission of [specify].] / [(or if the price has not 
been fixed at the date of the Final Terms) The issue 
price of the Securities shall be determined by the Issuer 
and the Dealer on or around [specify], in accordance 
with market conditions prevailing at the relevant time, 
including [supply and demand for the Securities and 
other similar securities] [and] [the prevailing market 
price of [specify the relevant reference security, if 
applicable].] / [specify]/[Not applicable] 
Amount of all fees and taxes specifically 
invoiced to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[⚫]] 
16. 
Additional 
U.S. 
federal 
income 
tax 
considerations: 
[The Securities are [not] Specified Securities for 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986. [Additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Securities will be available at [give name(s) and 
address(es) of Issuer contact].]] (The Securities will not 
be Specified Securities if they (i) are issued prior to 
January 1, 2018 and provide a return that differs 
significantly from the return on an investment in the 
underlying or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or 
any index that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities. If the Securities are issued on or after 
January 1, 2018 and reference a U.S. equity or an 
index that contains a component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities, further analysis would be required. If the 
Securities are Specified Securities, include the 
“Additional information” sentence and provide the 
appropriate contact information at the Issuer.)]

--- Page 598 ---
598 
 
[TECHNICAL ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS] 
[The present Technical Annex includes the necessary parameters to the use of the pay-off formulas (each, a Pay-
Off Formula) used in Part A (Contractual Terms) of the Final Terms in order to determine an interest amount, an 
early settlement amount or a final settlement amount payable on a Security.  
All the information set out in this Technical Annex to the Final Terms refers to the calculation formulae and the 
concept as the Pay-Off Formulae, the Underlying Values, the Values and the Applicable Conditions use in the 
Technical Annex to the 2021 Base Prospectus [, as supplemented].] 
 
(insert the pay off formulae)

--- Page 599 ---
599 
 
[APPENDIX 3 – FORM OF SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF DYNAMIC PORTFOLIOS]  
(Issuer to annex specific methodology to the final terms)

--- Page 600 ---
600 
 
[ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY]  
(Issuer to annex specific summary to the final terms)

--- Page 601 ---
601 
 
General information 
Authorisations  
No consent, approval or authorisation must be obtained under Luxemboug legislation (i) from the Issuer for the 
establishment or updating of the Programme or (ii) from French governmental or regulatory authorities for the 
requirements or the execution of the Exane Guarantee or the Pledge.  
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Exane Solutions 
(Luxembourg) SA passed on 15 July 2021.  
Exane Guarantee  
Exane SA granted an independent, unconditional and irrevocable guarantee (the Exane Guarantee) dated 10 
August 2020, with effect from and including such date, for the benefit of the holders of certain Securities (as 
defined in the Exane Guarantee) of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA and which expression includes Warrants 
issued under the Programme. 
Approval, listing and admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also be 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities issued under this Programme to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes on 
the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). Application has also been made for the 
Securities (including the Exempt Securities) to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market, which is a 
market operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
 
Passport 
The CSSF has been requested to provide to the following competent autorithies (i) Autorité des marchés 
financiers in France, (ii) the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) in Italy, (iii) the 
Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA) in Belgium and (iv) the Central Bank of Ireland with a 
certificate of approval certifying that this Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation with the CSSF as competent authority in Luxembourg for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Securities clearing  
The Securities issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus have been admitted to the operations of Euroclear France, 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. They may also be acccepted for clearing through any other settlement-
delivery system or depositary (such as SIX SIS SA in Switzerland or, with respect to Securities eligible for resale 
under Rule 144A, DTC in the United States). The subscription, purchase, sale and exercise of the Securities may 
be performed only with an account registration in accordance with the operating rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other applicable settlement-delivery 
system or depositary (as applicable). 
The ISIN code (and, if applicable, any CUSIP) for each Series of Securities shall be indicated in the Final Terms.  
Disputes 
Over the last 12 months, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or

--- Page 602 ---
602 
 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer or on the Guarantor and/or on the group's financial 
position or profitability.  
Significant or material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA 
since the last financial statements established on 31 December 2020 and no material adverse change in the 
prospects of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA since such date. There have been no material adverse changes 
modifying the prospects of the Guarantor since the closing date of the last financial year (31 December 2020). 
No significant change has occurred in the financial position and trading position of the Group since the last 
financial statements established on 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the last financial 
statements established on 31 December 2020. 
Availability of documents 
Copies of the following documents may be obtained free of charge on request, during business hours, from the 
designated establishment of the Issuer or the Guarantor and from each paying agent (including the Swiss Paying 
Agent), i.e.:  
(a) 
the Issuer's articles of association; 
(b) 
the Guarantor's articles of association; 
(c) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer with any audit or review 
reports prepared in connection with and the most recently published unaudited interim financial 
statements (if any) of the Issuer. Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA prepares unaudited unconsolidated 
interim accounts on a semi-annual basis; 
(d) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor with any audit or 
review reports prepared in connection with and the most recently published unaudited interim financial 
statements (if any) of the Guarantor. Exane SA prepares unaudited consolidated interim accounts on a 
semi-annual basis; 
(e) 
the Base Prospectus and any Supplement; 
(f) 
the debt securities issue programme of Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA, unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Exane SA dated as of 4 September 2020; 
(g) 
the First Supplement to the 2020 Base Prospectus dated 23 December 2020. 
 
In addition, copies of these documents will be published on the website of the Issuer at www.exane.com. 
Conditions for determining price 
In relation to each separate issue of Securities, the Final Terms of such Securities will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in accordance with prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of the 
Securities and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 603 ---
603 
 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to the underlyings, except as 
required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
 
Yield 
 
In respect of any Tranche of Fixed Rate Securities, an indication of the expected yield on the Securities shall be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield shall be calculated on the Issue Date of the Securities based on 
the Issue Price. The specified yield shall be calculated as being the yield to maturity on the Issue Date of the 
Securities and shall not be an indication of future yields. 
Rule 144A Information 
To the extent the Relevant Final Terms or Supplement permit sales of Securities pursuant to Rule 144A, at any 
time when the Issuer is not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and is not exempt from such reporting pursuant to Rule 
12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, the Issuer shall, upon the request of a holder or beneficial owner of a 
Security, promptly furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder or beneficial owner, or to a prospective 
transferee of such Security designated by such holder or beneficial owner, the information as is specified in Rule 
144A(d)(4) in order to permit compliance by such holder or beneficial owner with Rule 144A in connection with 
the resale of such Security by such holder or beneficial owner.

--- Page 604 ---
604 
 
DECLARATION OF RESPONSIBILITY 
RESPONSABILITY STATEMENT 
 
 
The Issuer (whose registered office appears on the last page of this document), having taken all reasonable care 
to ensure that such is the case, confirm that the information contained in this Base Prospectus reflects, to the best 
of their knowledge, the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. The opinions and intentions 
expressed in this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuer and the Guarantor are honestly held. The Issuer and 
the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each issue of Securities under the Programme accordingly.

--- Page 605 ---
605 
 
ISSUER 
Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA  
6, rue Eugène Ruppert,  
L-2453 Luxembourg 
GUARANTOR 
Exane SA 
6, rue Ménars 75002 Paris 
France 
DEALER 
Exane Derivatives 
6, rue Ménars 75002 Paris 
France 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND PAYING AGENT IN PARIS 
Exane Derivatives 
6, rue Ménars 
75002 Paris 
France 
 
PAYING AGENT IN SWITZERLAND 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Zurich 
Selnaustrasse 16 
8002 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
PLEDGED ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN AND SETTLEMENT CONFIRMATION AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
3, Rue d’Antin 75002  
Paris 
France

--- Page 606 ---
606 
 
LISTING AGENT IN LUXEMBOURG 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy  
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 Grand Duché du Luxembourg 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Exane Derivatives 
6, rue Ménars 75002 Paris 
France