--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated 16 July 2021 
 
 
EXANE FINANCE 
(Incorporated in France) 
(as Issuer) 
EXANE DERIVATIVES 
(Incorporated in France) 
(as Guarantor) 
Bonds Issuance Programme 
Pursuant to the bonds issuance programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base 
Prospectus), Exane Finance (the Issuer) may, in accordance with the applicable laws, regulations and 
directives, issue bonds (the Securities) from time to time denominated in any currency agreed upon between the 
Issuer and the Dealer as defined hereafter, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane Derivatives (the 
Guarantor). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus has been approved on 16 July 2021 and is 
valid until 16 July 2022 and must during such period and in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any new significant facts or 
material errors or inaccuracies. 
This Base Prospectus is available on the website of the Issuer at www.exane.com/exaneissues. 
An application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) for approval 
of this document as a base prospectus in its capacity as competent authority under the European regulation 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation), as amended. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. By 
approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness 
of the operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer, in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
An application has also been filed with the Luxembourg stock exchange (the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) for 
the Securities issued under the Programme, within twelve (12) months of the date of the Base Prospectus, to be 
admitted, at the Issuer's discretion, to trading of the regulated market (the Regulated Market) of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or to listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on the 
professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or to trading on any other 
regulated market in a Member State of the EEA. The Regulated Market or any other regulated market in an EEA 
Member State mentioned in the Base Prospectus is a regulated market for the purposes of the directive

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments. 
Under this Base Prospectus, BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch is acting as Listing Agent in 
Luxembourg. BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing 
client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational 
processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and 
responsibility in Luxembourg. 
The Securities may also be admitted to trading on other stock exchanges or Regulated Markets as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Securities may also be issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus that 
are not admitted to trading on a stock exchange or on a Regulated Market. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Securities which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area and/or offered to the public in the 
European Economic Area other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer may issue Securities for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Exempt Securities) under this Base Prospectus (please refer to the “General Description of the 
Programme – Exempt Securities” section of the Base Prospectus). The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved 
any information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Exempt Securities. 
This Base Prospectus also constitutes a prospectus for the purpose of Part IV of the Luxembourg law on 
prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019. Approval will also be granted by the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange in accordance with Part IV of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 , 
for Securities (including Exempt Securities) issued under the Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (the Euro MTF) or on the professional segment of the Euro MTF market within twelve (12) months 
as of the date of the Base Prospectus.  
The Euro MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU but it is subject to the 
supervision of the CSSF. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus 
pertaining to Securities admitted to trading on the Euro MTF. 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the 
Benchmarks Regulation). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or 
not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of administration under Article 
36 of the Benchmark’s Regulation. Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to 
EONIA, EURIBOR or LIBOR which are respectively provided by the European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI) for EONIA and EURIBOR, and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (ICE) for LIBOR. Amounts 
payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to the Exane Apollo Index, the Exane Explorer 
Green New Deal Index, the Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery Index and the Exane Explorer Inflation Index 
which are provided by Exane Derivatives. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, (i) EMMI and Exane 
Derivatives appear on the register and (ii) ICE does not appear on such register. 
The Securities shall be indexed to one or more or a combination of shares, indices, units or shares of collective 
investment schemes, futures contracts, foreign exchange rates, reference rates, debt securities, listed options, 
commodities or dynamic portfolios (the Bonds). Each issue of Securities will be issued on the terms set out 
herein which are relevant to such Securities under “Conditions of the Securities” completed, but only for the 
purposes of such issue, by the provisions of the relevant final terms (the Final Terms) which, with respect to 
Securities which are to be listed on a stock exchange, will be delivered to such stock exchange and/or other 
relevant authority on or prior to the date of listing of such Securities. The settlement amounts, interest and 
deliverables (if any) on Securities shall depend on the value of the relevant underlying(s), which are likely to 
affect the value of the investment in the Securities. The Technical Annex and the relevant Final Terms will

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
contain information relating to any underlying shares, indices, units or shares of collective investment schemes, 
futures contracts, foreign exchange rates, reference rates, debt instruments, listed options,commodities or 
dynamic portfolios to which the relevant Securities relate and the way they affect the value of the Securities. 
Securities indexed to dynamic portfolios are subject to the general methodology of dynamic portfolios included 
in this Base Prospectus (the General Methodology), and to a specific methodology for each dynamic portfolio 
annexed to the relevant Final Terms or provided as a separate document (the Specific Methodology). As of the 
date of the Base Prospectus, the CSSF has only reviewed information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to 
securities indexed to dynamic portfolios whose Specific Methodology shall be annexed to the relevant Final 
Terms in the form specified in Annex 3 “Form of Specific Methodology of Dynamic Portfolios” of the General 
Methodology. Therefore, Securities indexed on dynamic portfolios whose Specific Methodology is not in the 
form specified in Annex 3 of the General Methodology may only be issued as Exempt Securities and may be 
listed on the Euro MTF. In that case, such Exempt Securities will only be listed on the professional segment of 
the Euro MTF market, provided that when the Specific Methodology is derogating to a rule of the General 
Methodology, a drawdown prospectus or a supplement shall be submitted for review and approval to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Securities may be issued or settled at a premium over or at a discount to their nominal value or at their 
nominal value, with the settlement value indexed or not to a formula. The Securities may be settled in a currency 
or currencies other than the original currency of issue. The Securities may be settled in cash or through the 
physical delivery of deliverable underlyings, provided that such underlyings have not been issued by the Issuer 
nor by an entity belonging to the group of the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, physical settlement does not 
include equity securities belonging to the Issuer nor to an entity belonging to the group of the Issuer. The 
Securities may bear interest on a fixed or floating rate or formula linked basis or may not bear interest at all, as 
described in the Technical Annex which supplements the Conditions of the Securities. 
The Securities shall be governed by French law. The Securities are securities as defined by article L. 211-2 of the 
French monetary and financial code (the Monetary and Financial code) and article 4.44 of the European 
directive 2014/65/EU. They are obligations as defined by article L. 228-38 of the French commercial code. 
The Securities shall be issued solely in book-entry form and will be placed with an accredited intermediary in 
accordance with articles L. 211-3 and R. 211-1 et seq. of the Monetary and Financial code. No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to article R. 211-7 of the Monetary and Financial 
code) will be issued in respect of the Securities. 
Each Securities issue shall be governed by the Conditions of the Securities (the Conditions) as completed, if 
applicable, by the Technical Annex (the Technical Annex) set forth in the Base Prospectus and the provisions 
set forth in the final terms applicable to the Securities (the Final Terms).  
Certain issues of Securities will also benefit from an additional guarantee in the form of a pledging of securities 
account pursuant to article L. 211-20 and articles D. 211-20 and following of the Monetary and Financial code 
(the Pledge), given by Exane Derivatives as pledgor (the Pledgor).  
 
RATING OF THE SECURITIES 
At the Issuer's discretion, the Securities may be rated by Moody's France SAS (Moody's). A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may at any time be suspended, changed or withdrawn by 
Moody's. As of the date hereof, Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit 
rating agencies (as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011) (the CRA Regulation), as it appears from the 
list 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs).

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept joint responsibility for the information contained in the Base Prospectus and 
to the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer and of the Guarantor (which have taken all reasonable care 
to ensure that such is the case), the information contained or incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and does not contain any omissions likely to affect the import of such information. 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Base Prospectus (together with any supplements to the Base Prospectus (each a Supplement and 
together the Supplements)) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and the Guarantor. In 
relation to each separate issue of Securities, the final terms of such Securities will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in accordance with prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of 
the Securities and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Technical Annex and the relevant Final Terms will contain information relating to any underlying 
shares, indices, units or shares of collective investment schemes, futures contracts or foreign exchange 
rates, reference rates, debt instruments, listed options, commodities or dynamic portfolios (each an 
Underlying) to which the relevant Securities relate and which are contained in such Final Terms.  
In the Base Prospectus, and except where otherwise stipulated or where the context demands otherwise, 
"€", "euro" and "EUR" shall refer to the single currency of the Economic and Monetary Union, pursuant 
to the Treaty instituting the European Community, as amended, "Pound Sterling", "GBP" and "£" shall 
refer to the monetary unit of the United Kingdom, "U.S. Dollars", "USD", "US$" and "$" shall refer to 
the monetary unit of the United States of America, "Swiss Francs" and "CHF" shall designate the 
monetary unit of Switzerland, and "Yen", "YEN" and "JPY" shall designate the monetary unit of Japan. 
Other currencies may be used and shall be defined accordingly in the Final Terms.  
No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representations not contained in the Base 
Prospectus. No information or declaration that is not contained in the Base Prospectus may be deemed 
authorised by or in the name of Exane Finance as Issuer, Exane Derivatives as Guarantor and/or Dealer.  
The Securities may be issued by the Issuer and subscribed or sold by any Dealer on the dates and at the 
prices to be determined by the Issuer and/or the Dealers.  
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other information provided concerning the Base Prospectus (a) is 
intended to serve as a credit rating or any other evaluation, or (b) may be considered a recommendation 
to purchase the Securities made by the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Dealer to any person receiving the Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided concerning the Base Prospectus. Each investor considering 
the subscription or purchase of the Securities must conduct his own examination of the financial and 
general position of the Issuer and the Guarantor and make his own assessment of the Issuer's and the 
Guarantor’s solvency and base its decision to subscribe for or purchase Securities on such enquiries as it 
deems necessary. 
Neither the delivery of the Base Prospectus on any date, nor an operation executed pursuant to the 
Securities offering shall mean that information or representations contained in the Base Prospectus in

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor are accurate on any date after the date of the Base Prospectus, or 
that any other information provided in connection with the Base Prospectus is correct on any date after 
the date indicated in the document containing such information. No Dealer has undertaken to review the 
financial or general position of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the period of validity of the Base 
Prospectus. Investors should examine, in particular, the latest financial statements published by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor before deciding to subscribe or purchase Securities.  
The Base Prospectus and any other information that may be provided concerning the Base Prospectus 
shall not constitute either an offer or a solicitation by, or in the name of, the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
Dealer, or any other person with a view to subscribe or purchase of Securities. The distribution of the 
Base Prospectus and the Securities offering in certain countries may be restricted by law. The Issuer, the 
Guarantor and each Dealer ask that persons in possession of the Base Prospectus familiarise themselves 
with and comply with such restrictions. 
Persons who come into possession of the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms are 
invited, at the request of the Issuer, the Guarantor, and the Dealers, to familiarize themselves and comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which, or from which, they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver the Securities or have in their possession or distribute such information 
sources, in all cases at their expense. 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors” as “Applicable”, the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in(i)the European 
Economic Area (EEA), unless a key information document will be made available (if required) in the EEA 
jurisdiction(s) in which the Securities are offered, sold or otherwise made available to such retail 
investor(s) or (ii) the United Kingdom (the "UK"), unless a key information document will be made 
available (if required) in the UK. If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" as not applicable, the Securities may be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK, provided that, where a key 
information document is required pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK PRIIPs Regulation (each 
as defined below), as the case may be, the Securities may only be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to retail investors in (i) the EEA in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document will be made 
available or (ii) in the UK if a key information document will be made available in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(A) In the case of retail investors in the EEA: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (IMD), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129/EC (the Prospectus Regulation).  
(B) In the case of retail investors in the UK: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and 
any rules or regulations under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) No 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of EUWA.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Consequently no key information document required by (a) Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation; and (b) Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared, and therefore, 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION IN RELATION UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
Neither the Securities nor the Guarantee have been or will be registered pursuant to the U.S. Securities 
Act 1933 (the Securities Act), as amended, and trading in the Securities has not been approved by the 
United States Commodity Future Trading Commission pursuant to the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act.  
The Securities and the Guarantee may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in an 
“Offshore Transaction” (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) to or for the 
account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee. 
Permitted Transferee means any person who is not: 
(a) a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; or 
(b) a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA) or any rule thereunder (a CFTC Rule), 
guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a 
"Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for 
purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not “Non-United 
States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. person). 
For a description of certain additional restrictions governing the offering and sale of the Securities and the 
distribution of the Base Prospectus, see the Section "Subscriptions, purchase and selling restrictions" 
hereinafter.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................... .7 
RISK FACTORS……………………………………..…..... .......................................................................................... 12 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF SECURITIES….... .................. 46 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.. ......................................................................................... ....49 
CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES………………..... ........................................................................................... 56 
CONDITIONS OF THE FIRST DEMAND GUARANTEE OF EXANE DERIVATIVES..... .............................. 175 
CONDITIONS OF THE PLEDGE…………………….. ............................................................................................ 178 
TECHNICAL ANNEX………………………………… .............................................................................................. 189 
PROPRIETARY INDICES…………………………….. ............................................................................................ 304 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER…………………… .............................................................................................. 363 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR……………. ............................................................................................. 368 
TAXATION…………………………………………… ................................................................................................ 375 
SUBSCRIPTION, PURCHASE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS……………………………………… ............ 386  
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR THE BONDS……… ............................................................................................ 393 
GENERAL INFORMATION………………………… ............................................................................................... 423 
DECLARATION OF RESPONSIBILITY………….... .............................................................................................. 426

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 implementing the Prospectus Regulation.  
This general description must be read as an introduction to this Programme and any decision to invest in the 
Securities should be based on a consideration of this Programme, including the documents incorporated by 
reference.  
Securities issued under the Programme will be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus and related Final Terms.  
Prospective investors should ensure they understand the nature and the characteristics of the Securities prior 
any investment decisions.  
 
OVERVIEW OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
Issuer  
Exane Finance  
LEI of the Issuer 
LEI: 969500E9E37PGZEHBP23 
Description of the Issuer 
The Company is a French law corporation (société anonyme), having its 
registered offices at 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France, and identified under 
number 339 563 215 RCS Paris.  
Exane Finance is currently authorised as an investment firm by the Resolution 
and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de 
Résolution – ACPR) and is authorized to provide the following investment 
service: dealing on own account as defined by article L.321-1 of the French 
monetary code. 
In exercising its business, Exane Finance is supervised by the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (“AMF”) and the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution (“ACPR”). 
Its telephone number is + 33 (0)1 44 95 40 00. 
Rating of the Issuer 
Exane Finance has not been rated. 
Guarantor 
Exane Derivatives  
LEI of the Guarantor 
LEI: 2FL5XIC1B8Q6HNGN6A35 
Description of the 
Guarantor 
The Company is a French law commercial partnership (société en nom 
collectif), having its registered office at 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France, 
and identified under number 491 294 567 RCS Paris. 
Exane Derivatives is a 99.9% owned subsidiary of Exane SA and is a fully 
consolidated company. 
Its telephone number is + 33 (0)1 44 95 40 00.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Rating of the Guarantor 
Guarantor’s long term credit rating is for Moody's: Baa2 with a stable outlook. 
Guarantor’s long term credit rating is for Standard & Poor's: A+ (A which 
means, as per the definition appearing on the website of Standard & Poor’s, " 
Strong capacity to meet financial commitments, but somewhat susceptible to 
adverse economic conditions and changes in circumstances– Note: ratings 
from “AA” to “CCC” may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-
) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories") with a 
stable outlook and Guarantor’s short term credit rating is for Standard & 
Poor's: A-1 with a stable outlook. 
OVERVIEW OF THE SECURITIES 
Name of the Programme 
Bonds Issuance Programme (the "Programme"). 
Securities are issued under a Purchase Agreement  
Description of the 
Programme  
The applicable terms of any Securities will be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the Dealer prior to the issue of the Securities and will be set out in 
the Conditions of the Securities, as completed by the applicable Final Terms 
attached to, or endorsed on, such Securities.  
Securities issued under the Programme may be issued pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus and related Final Terms or pursuant to a standalone prospectus 
prepared in connection with a particular series of Securities 
Programme Limit 
There is no limit on the amount of Securities which may be outstanding  
Type of Securities 
The Securities constitute "obligations" within the meaning of article L.228-38 
of the French commercial code. 
The Securities shall be bonds indexed to one or more or a combination of 
shares, indices, units or shares of collective investment schemes, futures 
contracts, foreign exchange rates, reference rates, debt securities, listed 
options, commodities or dynamic portfolios (the Bonds) and may be Fixed 
Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, Zero Coupon Securities, Partly Paid 
Securities. 
The Securities are fully, partially capital protected or not capital protected. Full 
capital protection means that the Securities can be redeemed at an amount at 
least equivalent to the nominal amount or issue price of the relevant Securities. 
Partial capital protection means that the Securities can be redeemed at an 
amount lower than the nominal amount. However, in certain cases, a total loss 
of the amount paid to purchase the Securities is possible. 
Issuance of Securities  
The general conditions of the securities are set out on page 56 to 174; the 
conditions governing the return on the Securities and how it is calculated are 
set out on pages 189 to 303. 
Securities issued under this Programme are issued in series and each series 
may comprise one or more tranches of Securities. One or more tranches of 
Securities will be subject of a Final Terms a copy of which may be obtained 
free of charge at 6 rue Ménars – 75002 Paris – France.  
The Securities of each series are intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Securities of that series. 
Although issued in series, each Security shall constitute a separate and distinct 
debt instrument. However, the Securities may be consolidated and form a 
single series with earlier Tranches.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Dealer 
Exane Derivatives and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Purchase Agreement dated 16 July 2021.  
Paying agents 
Principal Paying Agent: Exane Derivatives, 6, rue Ménars 75002 Paris 
Swiss Paying Agent: BNP Paribas Securities Services, Zurich Branch, 
Selnaustrasse 16, 8002 Zurich 
Calculation Agent 
Exane Derivatives and any other person or entity indicated as such in the Final 
Terms. 
Status 
The Securities constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer that shall rank equally (pari passu) with each other and with all 
other direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, both 
present and future, (subject to contrary mandatory provisions in force at the 
relevant time). 
Nature and scope of the 
guarantee 
The Guarantor has independently, unconditionally and irrevocably granted a 
first demand guarantee pursuant to Article 2321 of the French civil code (the 
Exane Guarantee) in favour of the Holders of Securities with respect to (en 
considération de) the Issuer’s obligations under the Securities. The Exane 
Guarantee given by the Guarantor on the Securities shall constitute a direct, 
unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor and shall rank equally (pari passu) 
with its other direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, both 
present and future (with the exception of preferred obligations under the law). 
Additional guarantee for 
certain issues in the form of 
a pledged account of 
financial instruments 
Some Series may benefit from an additional guarantee in the form of a pledge 
of securities account. The conditions of these Securities are described into the 
section “Conditions of the Pledge”.  
The amount or the nature of the secured debt will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Pledged Account Custodian 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Paris or any other Pledged Account 
Custodian indicated in the Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
Securities may be issued on the basis of an Issue Price (expressed either (i) a 
percentage of the Nominal Value or (ii) an amount in currency of each 
Security) indicated in the Final Terms and agreed between the Issuer and the 
Dealer 
Currencies 
Securities may be denominated in any currencies agreed between the Issuer 
and the Dealer. 
Payments may be made in and/or linked to, any currencies other than the 
currency in which such Securities are denominated. 
Clearing Systems 
Securities will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France, Euroclear 
Bank NA/SV, Clearstream Banking, SIX SIS SA  
Settlement  
The Final Terms will provide the settlement conditions of the Securities and 
especially if the Securities are subject to a Final Settlement, an Early 
Settlement, and Automatic Early Settlement, an Optional Settlement, a Partial 
Settlement or an Early Settlement for Tax reasons, or if a Settlement by 
Instalments is specified as applicable. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the 
Securities may have any maturity as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.Securities with no fixed maturity date may also be issued under the 
Programme (undated perpetual Bonds)

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Redenomination 
If Redenomination is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Securities 
shall be redenominated without the consent of the Holders with a notification 
in accordance with Condition 13 
Form of the Securities  
Securities will be issued in dematerialised form.  
Securities may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form (au 
porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant holder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
or administered registered form (au nominatif administré). No physical 
documents of title will be issued.  
Rating 
At the Issuer's discretion, the Securities may be rated by Moody's France SAS 
(Moody's). A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may at any time be suspended, changed or withdrawn by Moody's.  
Governing Law 
The Securities shall be governed by French law and shall be construed in 
accordance with French law. 
Listing and admission to 
trading  
An application may be made, at the option of the Issuer for certain Securities 
listed:  
- on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
- on the Euro MTF market,  
- as for the listing of derivatives in accordance with the listing rules of SIX 
Swiss Exchange. 
The Securities may also be admitted to trading on any other exchange or any 
other regulated market and/or any non-regulated market as the Issuer and 
relevant Dealer may agree and as specified in the Final Terms. 
Distribution method 
Securities may be distributed by way of public or private placement 
Exempt-Securities 
Under this Base Prospectus, Exempt Securities (being Securities for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation) and 
Non-Exempt Securities (being Securities for which a prospectus is required to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation) can be issued. 
In the case of Exempt Securities, any terms and conditions not contained in this 
Base Prospectus which are applicable to such Exempt Securities will be set out 
in the applicable pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement"). For 
the purposes of any Exempt Securities, any reference in this Base Prospectus to 
"Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "Pricing Supplement". 
Selling Restrictions 
The offer, sale, and transfer of the Securities are restricted in the United States 
and the European Economic Area. These restrictions are detailed in the section 
“Subscription, Purchase and selling restrictions”. 
Offering Jurisdictions 
The Issuer intends to publicly offer the Securities for sale in France and 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues in respect of the 
Securities shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature, 
present or future, imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of any jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having the power 
to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If any 
applicable law should require that payments of principal or interest or other 
income in respect of the Securities, be subject to any such withholding or 
deduction, neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantor nor the Pledgor will be 
required to pay additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or 
deduction. 
Use of Proceeds 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Securities for 
general corporate purposes. A substantial portion of the proceeds from the 
issue of Securities may be used to hedge market risk with respect to such 
Securities  
Risks Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Securities issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under "Risk Factors" and include certain factors relating to the Issuer and its 
activities. In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the markets risks associated with Securities issued under 
the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" and include the fact 
that the Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors, certain 
risks relating to the structure of Securities, particular risks relating to Securities 
generally, risks related to market generally. 
Contact details 
Email: djam@exane.com 
Telephone: (+33) 1 44 95 40 00

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors in the Securities and any Holders of the Securities should carefully consider the 
following information in conjunction with other information contained in the Base Prospectus, any 
Supplement thereto, any documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus (see the section 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and any Final Terms. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the risk factors described below are material for the purpose 
of taking an informed investment decision associated with the Securities, but these are not the only risks that the 
Issuer or the Guarantor faces or that may arise under the Securities. There will be other risks that the Issuer or 
the Guarantor does not currently consider to be material, or risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor are 
currently not aware of, or risks that arise due to circumstances specific to the investor.  
More than one investment risk may have simultaneous effect with regard to the value of and return on the 
Securities and the effect of any single investment risk may not be predictable. In addition, more than one 
investment risk may have a compounding effect and no assurance can be given as to the effect that any 
combination of investment risks may have on the value of Securities. 
Within each category, the risk factor that the Issuer believes is the most material to the Securities is presented 
first. For the avoidance of doubt, the remaining risk factors in each category are not presented in order of 
materiality. 
RISK FACTORS IN RESPECT OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
1. 
Risks related to the macroeconomic and regulatory environments 
1.1 The macro-economic and financial markets fluctuations may significantly impact the Issuer’s and 
Guarantor’s financial condition and results 
The activities of the Issuer and the Guarantor are exposed to the fluctuations of financial markets and the 
economic conditions in Europe. In recent years, the Issuer and the Guarantor have been, and may again in the 
future be, confronted with a significant deterioration of market and economic conditions resulting, among other 
things, from crises affecting sovereign debt, capital markets, credit or liquidity conditions, regional or global 
recessions, sharp fluctuations in commodity prices, currency exchange rates and/or interest rates, volatility in 
prices of financial derivatives, inflation or deflation, restructurings or defaults, corporate or sovereign debt rating 
downgrades, adverse political and geopolitical events (such as natural disasters, pandemics, societal unrest, 
geopolitical tensions, consequences of the implementation of Brexit, acts of terrorism and military conflicts) or 
the risk of countries leaving the European Union. Such disruptions, which may develop quickly and hence not be 
fully hedged, could affect the operating environment for financial institutions for short or extended periods and 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and/or Guarantor’s financial condition and operating results.  
A resurgence of a sovereign debt crisis cannot be ruled out. In particular, European markets have experienced 
significant disruptions in recent years as a result of concerns regarding the ability of certain countries or 
institutions in the Euro-zone to refinance their debt obligations. At several points in recent years these 
disruptions caused tightened credit markets, increased volatility in the exchange rate of the euro against other 
major currencies, affected the levels of stock market indices and created uncertainty regarding the economic 
prospects of certain countries in the European Union as well as the quality of bank loans to sovereign debtors in 
the European Union. More generally, the sovereign debt crisis had, and could again in the future have, an 
indirect impact on financial markets and economies, in Europe and worldwide, and more generally on the 
environment in which Exane operates. If economic conditions generally or in Europe in particular were to 
deteriorate due among other things to concerns over the European economy (in turn triggered by the heightened 
risk of or even the occurrence of a sovereign default, the failure of a significant financial institution or the exit of 
a country from the Euro-zone), a sudden decline in commodity prices, a continued or increased slowdown of 
economic growth in emerging countries, terrorist attacks or other political instability, the resulting market

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
disruptions could have a significant adverse impact on the credit quality of the Issuer’s and/or Guarantor’s 
customers and financial institution counterparties, on market parameters such as interest rates, foreign exchange 
rates and stock market indices, and on the Issuer’s and/or Guarantor’s operating results, liquidity, ability to raise 
financing on acceptable terms and/or general financial condition.  
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor may generate lower revenues from brokerage and other commission and fee-
based business during market downturns: financial and economic conditions affect the number and size of 
transactions for which the Issuer and/or Guarantor provide services. The Issuer and/or Guarantor’s revenues, 
which include fees from these services, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which it 
participates and can thus be significantly affected by economic or financial changes that are unfavorable to its 
business and clients.  
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor maintains market making and investment (other than market making) positions 
in financial markets. These positions could be adversely affected by volatility in financial and other markets 
(volatility here meaning the degree to which prices fluctuate over a particular period in a particular market, 
regardless of market levels). Volatility can also lead to losses relating to a broad range of other trading and 
hedging products the Issuer and/or the Guarantor use, including swaps, futures, options and structured products. 
To the extent that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor own assets, or has net long positions, in any of those markets, a 
downturn in those markets could result in losses from a decline in the value of its net long positions. Conversely, 
to the extent that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor have sold assets that it does not own, or has net short positions, 
in any of those markets, an upturn in those markets could expose it to material losses as it attempts to cover its 
net short positions by acquiring assets in a rising market. 
1.2 The COVID-19 Pandemic may negatively affect the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s results 
The recent emergence of coronavirus COVID-19, coupled with the measures implemented by relevant 
government authorities to contain it, have had, and continue to have, a material and adverse impact on the 
European and global financial markets and on the level of economic activity in Europe and the world economy at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. As a result, the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s operating environment is expected to 
be significantly influenced by the global impact of the pandemic and by the reaction of investors and central 
banks, and is likely to impact their results. While there may be some short-term benefits from higher market 
volatility and client trading, the negative effects from distressed equity markets, lower interest rates and the 
foreign exchange environment may negatively impact the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s results. The extent to which 
the COVID-19 pandemic negatively the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s businesses, results of operations and 
financial condition, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, 
including the scope and duration of the pandemic and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third 
parties in response to the pandemic. If the impact of the virus is severe or prolonged, this may result in greater 
volatility but also in reduced liquidity, declining equity indices, widening of credit spreads and lack of price 
transparency in credit markets. This may have a materially adverse impact on the Issuer's and Guarantor’s 
financial performance and position in future. 
1.3 The business activities of the Issuer and the Guarantor are not diversified 
The Issuer and the Guarantor's business activities are dependent on the behaviour of European equities markets. 
Their performances are influenced by the level and cyclical nature of business activity, which is impacted by 
both domestic and international economic and political events. There can be no assurance that the realisation of 
conditions in European equities markets which are particularly adverse to the Issuer or Guarantor will not have a 
material effect on their future results. 
1.4 The stringent and constantly evolving regulatory environment of the Issuer and the Guarantor may 
have a significant impact on their business, operations and profitability 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are subject to financial services laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where they 
exercise their activities. Such regulation is extensive and increasingly complex. The supervision of financial

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
services firms also expanded significantly. The increased regulation and supervision of the Issuer and Guarantor 
may limit the ability for the Issuer and the Guarantor to maintain certain activities. Non-compliance with the 
regulation can generate fines, reprisals, suspension of operations or, in some cases, withdrawal necessary 
authorisations. 
New laws and regulations that have been adopted in recent years, or that could be adopted in the near future, 
include a reinforcement of capital and liquidity requirements, the introduction of financial transaction taxes, 
restrictions on certain type of activities or products (such as derivatives and structured products), and some 
measures adopted after the financial crisis of 2008 will be modified in the near future, which will affect the 
predictability of the regulatory environment of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in the equity brokerage and research activities, could 
materially affect the Issuer’s and the Guarantor's business, the products and services offered and/or the value of 
their assets. 
Regulations designed to enhance the transparency and soundness of financial markets, such as the so-called 
"EMIR" Regulation of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories or 
Regulation of 25 November 2015 on transparency of Securities financing transactions and Directive and 
Regulation of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments ("MiFID 2") and their implementation may be a 
source of additional uncertainty and compliance risk and, more generally, the costs incurred due to the 
implementation of such regulations may have a negative impact on the profitability of certain activities currently 
conducted by the Issuer and the Guarantor and weigh on the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s operating results and 
financial condition. 
2. 
Credit and counterparty risks 
2.1 The Issuer and the Guarantor are exposed to the credit risk of their counterparties 
In general, the credit risk faced by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor corresponds to the risk associated with an 
event of default by a client or counterparty, resulting in a failure to meet its commitments to the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor routinely execute transactions with brokers and dealers, investment banks, funds, 
investment managers and other types of financial institutions and markets participants. Many of these 
transactions expose the Issuer and the Guarantor to the credit risk of its clients and counterparty. 
With regard to the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s activities, the risk can be divided into four components:  
• 
The counterparty risk on market transactions corresponds to the risk that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
bear in respect of its exposures on OTC transactions on one hand and securities lending or borrowing 
transactions on the other hand. The Issuer and/or the Guarantor are therefore subject to the risk of default 
by a counterparty, as well as to uncertainties concerning the amounts due in the event of such a default; 
• 
The issuer risk corresponds to the risk incurred by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor as a result of holding in 
its portfolio securities issued by a third party or derivatives on an underlying asset issued by a third party. 
For example, when the Issuer and/or the Guarantor hold portfolios of securities, they are subject to the risk 
of deterioration in the credit quality of the issuer of such securities or default of payment; 
• 
The settlement and delivery risk linked to the purchases/sales of securities corresponds to the risk that 
transactions may not be completed. This risk may lead to losses, the nature of which depends on the 
transactions and the way of settlement. 
• 
The receivable risk corresponds to the book value of the net receivables outstanding against the 
counterparty that could result in a loss for the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in the event of default by the 
counterparty.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
The credit and counterparty risk, as a whole, can therefore affect the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's cash position, 
solvency and accounting records when a counterparty is unable to meet its obligations while the book value of its 
commitments in the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's accounts is positive. 
Although the Issuer and the Guarantor seek to reduce their exposure to credit and counterparty risk by using 
internal ratings-based approaches or by providing collateral and entering into netting agreements, for example, it 
is not certain that credit and counterparty risk mitigation techniques will offset potential future losses resulting 
from counterparty defaults. Even though the measurement of credit and counterparty risk is highly regulated and 
controlled, the Issuer and the Guarantor remain exposed to the solvency risk of their customers and 
counterparties. 
2.2 Potential investors in the Securities are exposed the creditworthiness and credit ratings of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor  
Creditworthiness refers to the risk of loss due to default by the Issuer or Guarantor where the Issuer or Guarantor 
fails to perform its obligations. 
The Securities are subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and Guarantor and changes in credit rating of the 
Guarantor and credit spread may adversely affect the market value of the Securities. Investors are dependent on 
the Issuer's and Guarantor ability to pay (or deliver, as applicable) all amounts due on the Securities, and 
therefore investors are subject to the credit risk of Issuer and Guarantor and to changes in the market's view of 
the creditworthiness of such entities. 
The Securities and the Exane Guarantee respectively constitute general and unsecured contractual obligations of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor and of no other person. The Securities and the Exane Guarantee rank equally with 
all other unsubordinated and unsecured contractual obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor. They are 
subordinate to preferred obligations, including those preferred by operation of law. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is not rated by any credit rating agency. In addition, the Issuer may issue a substantial 
amount of Securities, representing an important global financial commitment. Each potential investor should 
reach his own opinion concerning the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations in relation to the Securities. 
Any actual or potential decline or suppression of the credit rating of the Guarantor may affect the market value 
of the Securities.  
Any investor buying Securities is relying on the solvency of the Issuer and the Guarantor and on no other person; 
therefore, if the Securities are linked to financial instruments, the investor has no rights against the company that 
issued such financial instruments and in particular if the Securities are linked to an index, the investor has no 
rights against the sponsor of such index and, if the Securities are linked to a fund, the investor has no rights 
against the manager of such fund. Furthermore, an investment in the Securities does not constitute an investment 
in the Underlyings and an investor has no rights, whether voting rights or other rights (including rights to 
dividends or other distributions). 
2.3 The soundness and conduct of other financial institutions and market participants may adversely 
affect the Issuer and the Garantor 
The Issuer’s and/or Guarantor’s ability to engage in investment and derivative transactions could be adversely 
affected by the soundness of other financial institutions or market participants. Financial institutions are 
interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, funding or other relationships. As a result, defaults, or 
even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry 
generally, may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to further losses or defaults. Exane has 
exposure to many counterparties in the financial industry, directly and indirectly, including clearing houses, 
brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and alternative investment funds, and other 
institutional clients with which it regularly executes transactions. Exane may also be exposed to the risks related

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
to the increasing involvement in the financial sector of players subject to little or no regulations (unregulated 
funds or trading venues). Exane is exposed to credit and counterparty risk in the event of default or financial 
distress of the Issuer’s and/or Guarantor’s counterparties or clients. This risk could be exacerbated if the 
collateral held by the Issuer or the Guarantor cannot be relied upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to 
recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or in case of a 
failure of a significant financial market participant such as a central counterparty. It is worth noting in this 
respect that regulatory changes requiring mandatory clearing of standardized over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives 
through central counterparties have resulted in an increase of the exposure of financial market participants to 
such central counterparties. In addition, fraud or misconduct by financial market participants can have a material 
adverse effect on financial institutions due in particular to the interrelated nature of the financial markets.  
There can be no assurance that any losses resulting from the risks summarized above will not materially and 
adversely affect the Issuer and/or the Guarantor’s operating results. 
3. 
Financial risks 
3.1 The fluctuation of market prices and volatility expose the Issuer and the Guarantor to risks that 
cannot always be mitigated  
The market risk faced by the Issuer and the Guarantor in the context of their activities is mainly related to the 
variation in the prices of assets held. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor's activities are significantly impacted by financial market conditions which are, in 
turn, affected by current and future economic conditions in France and Europe. An unfavorable evolution of 
market conditions, economic conditions or the geopolitical context could lead to potential difficulties in terms of 
organization and financial risks by making the environment more complex. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are thus particularly exposed to the following risks: interest rate fluctuations, the 
price and volatility of securities, exchange rate variations and credit spreads.  
In order to manage and control these risks, the VaR calculation method used by the Issuer and the Guarantor is 
based on historical simulation. It consists of a 1-day VaR for a confidence interval of 99% calculated over a 
window of 300 consecutive scenarios of variations in risk factors as well as a Stressed Var with a fixed window 
corresponding to a scenario that is as stressed as possible. 
This makes it possible to quantify the maximum potential loss related to market risks that a portfolio could incur 
over a given time horizon, with a given probability. 
These market risk measurement techniques rely on statistical methodologies based on historical observations and 
can prove to be complex indicators to measure under stressed future market conditions. As a result, The Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor's exposure to market risk in extreme scenarios could be greater than the exposures 
anticipated by these quantification techniques. 
3.2 The liquidity on financial markets may be reduced and expose the Issuer and the Garantor to 
financial losses  
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that an investment firm will be unable to honor its commitments or unwind or 
settle a position due to the situation on the market or other particular factors, within the necessary time frame and 
at a reasonable cost. In the case of high market volatility, for example, conditions may affect the level of activity 
or reduce liquidity in the market(s) concerned. These stressful situations may expose the Issuer and the 
Guarantor to significant losses if they are unable to settle their commitments quickly. This may be the case, for 
example, for assets such as certain derivatives traded between banks that are valued internally using models 
rather than on the basis of market prices.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
4. 
Operational risks and associated risks 
4.1 The operational procedures and policies of the Issuer and the Guarantor may be exposed to 
unidentified or unanticipated risks 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss arising from the inadequacy or failure of procedures, individuals or 
internal systems, or even external events (such as, but not limited to natural disasters, fraud, fire or terrorist 
attack). It includes risk relating to the security of information systems, litigation risk and reputation risk. 
The Issuer's and the Guarantor's business rely comprehensively on the ability of their financial, accounting, 
transaction execution, data processing and other operational systems to process, record, monitor, and report large 
number of transaction on a continuous basis, and to do so accurately, quickly and securely. 
Any failure, disruption, interruption or breach in security of the internal systems could result in failures or 
interruptions in operations. The Issuer and the Guarantor cannot provide assurances that such failures or 
interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. An increasing number of 
companies have in recent years experienced intrusion attempts or even breaches of their information technology 
security, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on their computer networks. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor may be unable to anticipate these intrusions attempts or to implement in a timely 
manner effective and efficient countermeasures. Any failures or interruptions in the Issuer and the Guarantor’s 
information systems and any subsequent disclosure of confidential information related to any client, counterpart 
or employee of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any intrusion or attack against Issuer’s or Guarantor’s 
communication system could have an adverse effect on Issuer’s or Guarantor’s reputation, financial condition 
and operating results. 
Unforeseen events like severe natural catastrophes, terrorist attacks or other states of emergency can lead to an 
abrupt interruption of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's operations, which can cause substantial losses. Such 
losses can relate to trading positions and to key employees. Such unforeseen events can also lead to additional 
costs and increase the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's costs (such as insurance premiums). Such events may also 
make insurance coverage for certain risks unavailable and thus increase the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's risk. 
As with most other investment services providers, the Issuer and/or the Guarantor rely heavily on 
communications and information systems to conduct its business. External operational systems with which the 
Issuer and the Guarantor are connected, whether directly or indirectly, can also be source of operational risk. 
Any failure, disruption or interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or 
interruptions in the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's customer relationship management. The Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor cannot provide assurances that such failures, disruptions or interruptions will not occur or, if they do 
occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failures, disruptions or interruptions could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's financial condition and operating results. 
4.2 Any damage to the reputation of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor could harm their businesses and 
may result in financial losses 
In the highly competitive environment arising from globalisation and convergence in the financial services 
industry, maintaining trust in the Issuer and the Guarantor is critical to the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s ability 
to attract and retain clients, customers, investors and employees. Damage to the Issuer's and the Guarantor's 
reputation can therefore cause significant harm to the Issuer's and the Guarantor's business and prospects. The 
Issuer’s and Guarantor’s reputation could be harmed if it fails to promote and market adequately its products and 
services. The Issuer’s and Guarantor’s reputation could also be damaged if, as it increases its client base and the 
scale of its businesses, the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s comprehensive procedures and controls dealing with 
conflicts of interest fail, or appear to fail, to address conflicts of interest properly. The Issuer’s and Guarantor’s 
reputation could in the future be damaged by, among other things, employee misconduct, a decline in, or a 
restatement of, or other corrections to its financial results, and/or adverse legal or regulatory action. The loss of

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
business that could result from damage to the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s reputation could affect its operating 
results and financial condition.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
RISK FACTORS IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES 
1. 
Risks relating to the Securities generally 
1.1. 
Potential loss of some or all of your investment 
Risk warning: You may lose some or all of your investment in the Securities if one or more of 
the following occurs: 
Minimum scheduled repayment amount less than invested amount: The terms of your particular 
Securities may not provide for scheduled minimum payment of the face value or issue price of the 
Securities at maturity or upon early redemption. In such case, depending on the performance of the 
Underlying(s) (if any) and how much you paid for the Securities, you may lose some or all of your 
investment. 
Credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor: The payment of any amount due under the Securities is 
subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and Guarantor. The Securities are unsecured obligations. 
They are not deposits and are not protected under any deposit protection insurance scheme. 
Therefore, if the Issuer and Guarantor fail or are otherwise unable to meet their payment (or 
delivery) obligations on the Securities, you will lose up to the entire value of your investment. 
Other circumstances: 
You may also lose some or all of your investment where: 
• 
the market price of your Securities prior to maturity may be significantly lower than the 
purchase price you pay for them. Consequently, if you sell your Securities before the stated 
maturity date, you may receive far less than your original invested amount; 
• 
your Securities may be redeemed early in certain circumstances for reasons not in the 
control of the Issuer and, in such case, the amount paid to you at early redemption may be 
less than what you paid for the Securities and may be as low as zero. See Risk Factor 1.13 
(In certain circumstances, the Issuer has the right to early redeem the Securities prior to 
scheduled maturity and other than on an Automatic Early Settlement Date. In such case, 
investors will receive the optional settlement amount, which amount may be zero) below; or 
• 
your Securities are subject to certain adjustments in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Securities that may result in the scheduled amount to be paid or asset(s) to 
be delivered upon redemption being reduced to, or being valued at an amount less than, 
your initial investment. 
1.2. 
Incidental costs (including transaction fees and commissions) may reduce the return on the 
Securities 
Investors should note that incidental costs, such as transaction fees and commissions, may be 
incurred when buying or selling Securities in addition to the actual price of the Securities. These 
incidental costs may significantly reduce or even cancel out the returns on the Securities. In 
addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of the Securities, there may also be follow-up 
costs such as custody fees. Therefore, before purchasing a Security, investors should obtain 
information regarding all costs that may be incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or 
sale of the Securities before investing in the Securities. 
1.3. 
It may not be possible to use the Securities as a perfect hedge against the market risk 
associated with investing in the Underlying(s) 
Investors intending to purchase Securities to hedge the market risk associated with an investment 
in the relevant Underlying(s) should be aware of the complexities involved in the use of the 
Securities for this purpose and the potential differences in exposure arising from an investor 
owning multiple financial instruments. Because of fluctuations in the supply and demand of the

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Securities, the value of the Securities during their term may not exactly correspond to movements 
in the price, level or value of the relevant Underlying(s), and it may not be possible to sell the 
Securities at a price which directly reflects the price, level or value of the relevant Underlying(s) or 
to offset any loss realised on an investment in the relevant Underlying(s). 
1.4. 
Potential illiquidity of the Securities on the secondary market  
Investors must be prepared to hold the Securities until their scheduled maturity.  
The specified size of the offer represents the maximum amount of the Securities being offered but 
does not give any indication as to the volume of the Securities being effectively issued. This 
volume is determined according to the market conditions and may change during the term of the 
Securities, and a significant portion of the issuance of any Securities may be held by the Issuer or 
Dealer. It is not possible to predict the liquidity of the Securities in the secondary market based on 
the specified size of the offer. For these reasons, a secondary market for the Securities may not 
develop. 
The Securities may be listed, admitted to trading or quoted by any listing authority or stock 
exchange or quotation system. However, this shall not imply any greater or lesser liquidity than 
would be the case for similar Securities that are not listed, admitted to trading or quoted and the 
Issuer cannot guarantee that the listing, admission to trading or quotation shall be maintained 
permanently.  
If an active trading market for the Securities does not develop or is not maintained, the market or 
trading price and liquidity of the Securities may be adversely affected. Restrictions in respect of 
the purchase and/or sale of the Securities in some jurisdictions may also have an impact on the 
liquidity of the Securities. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or its affiliates are authorised to buy and sell the Securities for their own 
account or for the account of others, and to issue additional Securities. Such transactions may 
affect the price of the Securities favourably or adversely. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of 
Securities may cause the volatility and price of such issue of Securities to increase. If additional 
and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may also adversely affect the value of 
the Securities.  
A lack of liquidity in the Securities may mean that investors may not be able to sell their Securities 
or may not be able to sell their Securities for the same price they paid for them, and accordingly 
investors may lose some or all of their investment if they were to sell the Securities prior to their 
scheduled maturity.  
1.5. 
Volatility and economic and market conditions may affect the secondary market for the 
Securities 
The market for the Securities is influenced by economic and market conditions (which may 
include, to varying degrees, interest rates, credit spread levels, foreign exchange rates, inflation 
rates, share prices, index levels, collective investment schemes net asset values, futures contract 
prices, debt instruments prices, etc). National and international economic, financial, regulatory, 
political, military, judicial or other events, including governmental actions, or by the activities of 
participants in the relevant markets, may also affect market volatility. Investors should note that 
both economic and market conditions and volatility may have adverse effects on the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
1.6. 
The inherent value of a Security will likely be lower than its issue price or purchase price 
The issue price or the purchase price of a Security does not necessarily reflect its inherent value, 
and the inherent value of a Security will likely be lower than its issue price or purchase price. Any 
difference between a Security's issue price or purchase price and its inherent value may be due to a 
number of different factors including, without limitation, prevailing market conditions and fees, 
discounts or commissions paid to or retained by the various parties involved in the issue, 
structuring and/or distributing the Security.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Secondary market prices of the Securities may also be lower than the original issue price of the 
Securities because, among other things, secondary market prices will likely be reduced by selling 
commissions, profits and hedging and other costs that are accounted for in the original issue price 
of the Securities. Accordingly, any sale of the Securities by an investor prior to the scheduled 
maturity date could result in a substantial loss to the investor. 
1.7. 
The Issuer or the Guarantor may be substituted by another entity 
The conditions of the Securities provide that the Issuer may, following the occurrence of certain 
events, without the consent of the Holders and without regard to the interests of particular Holders, 
agree to the substitution of another company as the principal obligor under any Securities in place 
of the Issuer, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 20 (Substitution of the Issuer). In 
particular, in the case of guaranteed securities, where the substitute is not the relevant Guarantor, 
the Guarantor will guarantee the performance of the substitute's obligations under the Securities. 
The conditions of the Securities also provide that the Issuer may, following the occurrence of 
certain events, without the consent of the Holders and without regard to the interests of particular 
Holders, agree to the substitution of another company as the guarantor in respect of any Securities 
issued by the Issuer, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 21 (Substitution of the 
Guarantor). In particular, the creditworthiness of the substitute guarantor must be at least equal to 
that of the Guarantor, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to, inter alia, the long 
term senior debt ratings assigned by such rating agencies as the Calculation Agent determines. 
1.8. 
Transfers of Securities may be restricted 
Restrictions on the offer, sale, pledge or other transfer of Securities (as described below) may 
adversely affect the ability of an investor in the Securities to dispose of the Securities in the 
secondary market, if any, and may significantly reduce the liquidity of the Securities. As a result, 
the value of the Securities may be materially adversely affected. 
(a) 
U.S. investors in the Securities are not permitted 
The Securities may not at any time be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred in the 
United States or to (a) a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S of the 
Securities Act or (b) a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the 
purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, or any rule, guidance or 
order proposed or issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC) 
thereunder (including but not limited to any person who is not a "Non-United States 
person" under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) (excluding for purposes of CFTC Rule 
4.7(a)(1)(iv)(D) the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States 
persons")) (any such person or account, a Non-Permitted Transferee). Any transfer of 
Securities to a Non-Permitted Transferee will be void ab initio and of no legal effect 
whatsoever. Accordingly, any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership 
interest in a Security in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or 
beneficial owner of such interest in such Security. 
The Issuer shall have the right at any time after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial 
ownership interest in a Security is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee to require such Non-
Permitted Transferee to sell such interest to (a) an Affiliate of the Issuer (to the extent 
permitted by applicable law) or (b) a person who is not a Non-Permitted Transferee, in each 
case in accordance with Condition 2.5.  
(b) 
Minimum Trading Number  
Investors should note that the Securities may have a minimum trading number. In such 
cases, if, following the transfer of any Securities, an investor holds fewer Securities than the 
specified minimum trading number, such investor will not be permitted to transfer their 
remaining Securities prior to redemption without first purchasing enough additional 
Securities in order to hold the minimum trading number. 
1.9. 
Risks relating to regulatory action if the Issuer or the Guarantor is failing or actions taken 
by creditors in the event of insolvency

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
(a) 
Risk relating to recovery and resolution proceedings 
The EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) came into force on 2 July 2014. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the 
continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising 
the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and 
exploited the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of public equity support and temporary 
public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in 
accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
The BRRD has been implemented in France and French credit institutions and investment 
firms must now comply at all times with minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (the MREL). The MREL is expressed as a percentage of total liabilities and 
equity of the institution and aims to prevent institutions from structuring their commitments 
in a manner which could limit or prevent the effectiveness of bail-in tools. 
The impact of the BRRD and its implementing provisions on investment firms, including 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, is currently unclear but its current and future implementation 
and application to the Issuer and Guarantor, or any related actions taken, could materially 
affect the activity and financial condition of the Issuer and the value of and return on any 
Securities.  
The French Code monétaire et financier, as amended, also provides that in exceptional 
circumstances, where the general bail-in tool is applied, the relevant resolution authority 
may exclude or partially exclude certain liabilities from the application of the write-down 
or conversion powers, in particular where: (a) it is not possible to bail-in that liability 
within a reasonable time; (b) the exclusion is strictly necessary and is proportionate to 
achieve the continuity of critical functions and core business lines of the institution under 
resolution; (c) the exclusion is strictly necessary and proportionate to avoid giving rise to 
widespread contagion, which would severely disrupt the functioning of financial markets, 
including of financial market infrastructures, in a manner that could cause a serious 
disturbance to the economy of a Member State of the European Union or of the European 
Union; or (d) the ap-plication of the general bail-in tool to those liabilities would cause a 
destruction in value such that the losses borne by other creditors would be higher than if 
those liabilities were excluded from bail-in. Consequently, where the relevant resolution 
authority decides to exclude or partially exclude an eligible liability or class of eligible 
liabilities, the level of write down or con-version applied to other eligible liabilities – due to 
investors as the case may be - when not excluded, may be increased to take account of such 
exclusions. Subsequently, if the losses that would have been borne by those liabilities have 
not been passed on fully to other creditors, the French "Resolution and Deposits Guarantee 
Fund" (Fonds de garantie des dépôts et de résolution) or any other equivalent arrangement 
from a Member State, may make a contribution to the institution under resolution, under 
certain limits, including the requirement that such contribution does not exceed 5% of the 
global liabilities of such institution to (i) cover any losses which have not been absorbed by 
eligible liabilities and restore the net asset value of the institution under resolution to zero 
and/or (ii) purchase shares or other instruments of ownership or capital instruments in the 
institution under resolution, in order to recapitalise the institution. The last step - if there are 
losses left - would be an extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. 
Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state 
aid framework. An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is 
likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its 
assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in 
the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary 
public financial support (except in limited circumstances).

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms 
are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. In particular, 
investors may be subject to write-down (including to zero) or conversion into equity on any 
application of the general bail-in tool (including amendment of the terms of the Securities 
such as a variation of their maturity), which may result in such investors losing some or all 
of their investment. The exercise of any power under the BRRD as applied to the Issuer and 
Guarantor or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect 
the rights of investors, the price or value of their investment in any Securities and/or the 
ability of the Issuer or Guarantor, as the case may be, to satisfy its obligations under any 
Securities. 
(b) 
Creditors of the Issuer may take certain actions under French insolvency law that 
could affect the Securities  
Under French insolvency law, some of the creditors of the Issuer would be grouped into a 
committee (the Committee) in order to defend their common interests if a safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), accelerated safeguard procedure from 1st July 2014 
(procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), accelerated financial safeguard procedure (procédure 
de sauvegarde financière accélérée), or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire) were to be opened in France with respect to the Issuer. 
Such a committee would deliberate on the proposed safeguard plan (projet de plan de 
sauve-garde), proposed accelerated safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde 
accélérée), proposed accelerated financial safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde 
financière accélérée) or draft judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de redressement) 
applicable to the Issuer and may further agree to: 
(i) 
create and/or increase the losses on the part of the creditors (including the investors) 
by rescheduling due payments and/or partially or totally writing off debts;  
(ii) 
establish an unequal treatment between the creditors (including the investors) as 
appropriate under the circumstances; and/or 
(iii) 
decide to convert debts (including the Securities) into securities that give or may 
give rights to share capital. 
Decisions of the Committee will be taken by a two-thirds majority (calculated as a 
proportion of the debt held by the creditors expressing a vote). No quorum is required to 
convoke the Committee.  
The actions above (whether taken separately or together) could adversely affect the value of 
and return on the Securities, and could lead to Holders of the Securities losing some or all 
of their investment.  
1.10. Downgrading or withdrawal of the credit rating of the Guarantor 
Any actual or potential downgrade or withdrawal of the credit rating of the Guarantor may 
adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
1.11. Risks relating to the tax payable by a Holder, a change in the tax treatment ofthe Securities 
and/or the application of withholding tax  
(a) 
Tax payable by a Holder, or a change in the tax treatment of the Securities, may reduce the 
return on the Securities 
Investors should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp and other taxes or 
documentary charges when purchasing or selling the Securities, in accordance with the laws 
and practices of the country where the Securities are transferred or in other jurisdictions. In 
some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be 
available for financial instruments such as the Securities. A Holder's effective return on the 
Securities may therefore be reduced by the amount of tax owed by that Holder in 
connection with its investment in the Securities. The Issuer shall have no obligation to

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
"gross up" payments hereunder and shall be entitled to reduce any amount payable by it 
under the Securities. 
Investors should note that it is possible that the tax regime applicable to the Securities may 
be changed in a manner not foreseeable at the time the Securities are issued. The level and 
basis of taxation on the Securities and on a Holder will depend on such Holder's individual 
circumstances and could change at any time and may have an adverse impact on the return 
received by such Holder under the Securities. 
(b) 
Payments on the Securities may be treated as "dividend equivalent" payments and subject 
to U.S. withholding tax 
Under section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and 
regulations thereunder, a payment on a financial instrument that references a US equity or 
an index that includes a U.S. equity may be treated as a "dividend equivalent" payment. 
Such payments generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. If 
withholding applies, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts 
withheld. The relevant Final Terms will indicate if the Issuer has determined that a Security 
is subject to withholding under section 871(m) of the Code. Although the Issuer's 
determination generally is binding on Investors, it is not binding on the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service may successfully argue that payments 
on a Security are subject to withholding under section 871(m), notwithstanding the Issuer's 
determination to the contrary. Investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to them of section 871(m) and regulations thereunder, and 
whether payments or deemed payments on the Securities constitute dividend equivalent 
payments. 
(c) 
Payments on the Securities may be subject to withholding tax  
The amounts payable under the Securities may be subject to withholding tax which may 
affect the amounts you receive. For example, whilst it is not expected that the new reporting 
regime and potential withholding tax imposed by sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (FATCA) will affect the amount of any payment received 
by the relevant clearing system(s), it may however affect payments made to custodians or 
intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate investor if any such 
custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA 
withholding. It also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial 
institution that is not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an 
ultimate investor that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from 
which it receives payment) with any information, forms, other documentation or consents 
that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. The 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities are discharged once it has made payment to, or to 
the order of, the relevant clearing system(s) and the Issuer has therefore no responsibility 
for any amount thereafter transmitted through the relevant clearing system(s) and 
custodians or intermediaries.  
Further, under the U.S. Hiring Incentives To Restore Employment Act (the HIRE Act), 
withholding tax may also be imposed on amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that 
are paid or "deemed paid" under certain financial instruments provided certain conditions 
are met. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, 
neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantor, nor the Pledgor, nor any withholding agent will be 
required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.  
(d) 
Financial transaction tax  
Taxes may be levied on certain financial transactions in certain jurisdictions, including the 
sale and purchase of financial instruments such as shares or securities such as the 
Securities. For example, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for 
a common financial transaction tax (EU FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the Participating Member States).

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
The European Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply 
to certain dealings in Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain 
circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) 
No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could 
apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the participating 
Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Securities where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting 
with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
Investors should note that national financial transaction tax may already have been 
implemented in certain Participating Member States, other Participating Member States 
may introduce a local financial transaction tax if the EU FTT is not implemented or that 
additional EU member states may decide to participate if the EU FTT is agreed. 
(e) 
Transactions on the Securities may be subject to tax reporting obligations  
On 25 May 2018, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 (“DAC 6”) 
amending Directive 2011/16/EU as regards mandatory automatic exchange of information 
in the field of taxation. DAC 6 imposes a reporting obligation to the relevant tax authorities 
on parties involved in cross-border arrangements that may be associated with aggressive tax 
planning (i.e. containing at least one of the hallmarks set out in Annex IV of the directive). 
The information must be reported by persons who have acted as 'intermediaries' in such 
transactions and, in certain cases, taxpayers themselves. An 'intermediary' for these 
purposes is defined very broadly and includes any person that designs, markets, organises 
or makes available for implementation or manages the implementation of a reportable 
cross-border arrangement, but also any person that knows or could be reasonably expected 
to know that it has undertaken to provide aid, assistance or advice with such reportable 
activities. In light of the broad scope of DAC6, the Issuer and other intermediaries involved 
in transactions on the Securities may have to report reportable cross-border arrangements to 
tax authorities. In specific cases this obligation may shift to the taxpayer. Investors who are 
in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers in relation to the 
potential consequences of DAC 6. 
1.12. Foreign exchange risks 
If the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that payment under the Securities will be 
made in a currency which is different from the currency of the Underlying(s) (if any) and/or 
different from the currency of the country in which an investor is resident then, depending on the 
particular terms of the Securities, an investor may be exposed to the adverse movement of the 
Settlement Currency of the Securities relative to the currency of the Underlying(s) and/or the 
currency of the country in which such investor is resident. 
Exchange rates are determined by supply and demand factors on international foreign exchange 
markets, which are subject to economic factors, speculation and actions by governments and 
central banks (such as currency controls or restrictions) and may be highly volatile. Movements in 
exchange rates may not correlate with the performance of the Underlying(s) or other variables 
such as interest rates, and the timing of such changes may have a negative impact on the value of 
and return on the Securities.  
Foreign exchange fluctuations between an investor's home currency and the currency in which 
payment under the Securities is due may affect an investor where an investor intends to convert 
gains or losses from the exercise or sale of Securities into the currency of the country in which 
such investor is resident and may lead to the loss of some or all of its investment. 
1.13. In certain circumstances, the Issuer has the right to early redeem the Securities prior to 
scheduled maturity and other than on an Automatic Early Settlement Date 
The Issuer has the right to early redeem its obligations in certain circumstances set out in the terms 
and conditions of the Securities. For example, if an adjustment to the terms of the Securities

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
following the occurrence of an adjustment event is not possible or for tax reasons. In such case, the 
Issuer will redeem the Securities at their fair market value i.e., in the event of an unscheduled early 
redemption there will be no right to payment of any amount provided for in the terms and 
conditions of the Securities to be calculated on the basis of a redemption formula at the end of the 
term. Investors should note that, such amount may be zero in the worst case, i.e., the investor may 
suffer a total loss of the capital invested. 
In the case of an unscheduled early redemption, the investor may only be able to reinvest the 
amount to be paid by the Issuer on less favourable market terms compared with those existing 
when the Security was purchased. 
In addition, investors that choose to reinvest money they receive through an early settlement may 
be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the Securities. 
1.14. Information may change during the offer period prior to the Issue Date 
In certain circumstances at the commencement of an offer period in respect of Securities but prior 
to the issue date of such Securities certain specific information (specifically the issue price, fixed 
rate of interest, minimum and/or maximum rate of interest payable, the margin applied to the 
floating rate of interest payable, and/or other various parameters applicable to the interest or final 
pay off formula) may not be known. In these circumstances the Final Terms will specify in place 
of the relevant rate, level or percentage, as applicable, an indicative range of rates, levels or 
percentages. The actual issue price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, applicable to the 
Securities will be selected by the Issuer from within the range and will be notified to investors 
prior to the Issue Date, and may be less than the maximum price, rate, level or percentage or 
greater than the minimum price, rate, level or percentage indicated. 
1.15. Deduction of Unwind Costs  
If Unwind Costs are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the amount(s) payable 
under the Securities may be reduced by an amount determined by the Calculation Agent and equal 
to the sum of the expenses and costs to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying and/or hedging and 
funding arrangements relating to the Securities.  
 
2. 
Risks relating to certain types of Securities 
2.1. 
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Securities 
Investors in Fixed Rate Securities are exposed to the risk of subsequent changes in interest 
rates that may adversely affect the value of their Securities. 
2.2. 
Risks relating to Securities which are linked to a floating rate of interest or to a swap 
rate and/or to a "benchmark" index 
(a) 
The yield on Floating Rate Securities cannot be determined in advance and 
may be less than a comparable investment in a fixed rate security  
A key difference between Floating Rate Securities and Fixed Rate Securities is that 
interest income on Floating Rate Securities cannot be determined in advance. Due to 
varying interest income, it is not possible to determine precisely the yield on 
Floating Rate Securities at the time of investment, so that an investor's yield on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods. If the terms and conditions of the Securities provide for frequent interest 
payment dates, an investor will be exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest 
rates decline; this is because the investor may only be able to reinvest the interest 
income at the relevant interest rates then prevailing, which may be lower. 
(b) 
Risks relating to Fixed/Floating Rate Securities

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may bear interest at a fixed rate which the Issuer may 
elect to convert into a floating rate or at a floating rate which the Issuer may elect to 
convert into a fixed rate. The existence of this conversion option may affect the 
secondary market in, or the market value of, the Securities to the extent that the 
Issuer may elect to convert the rate when this will enable it to reduce its actual 
and/or anticipated overall borrowing costs. If the Issuer converts a fixed-rate into a 
floating rate, the rate spread on Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may be less 
favourable than spreads on Floating Rate Securities with the same benchmark rate. 
Furthermore, the new floating rate may be lower at any time than the interest rate on 
its other Securities. If the Issuer converts a floating rate into a fixed rate, the fixed 
rate may be lower than the rates payable under other securities. 
(c) 
The regulation and reform of certain published rates, indices, and other values 
or "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities 
linked to such values or benchmarks 
A number of major interest rates, other rates, indices and other published values or 
benchmarks are the subject of national and international regulatory reforms. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
Securities linked to any such value or benchmark. 
(i) 
The Benchmark Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
(the "Benchmark Regulation") is a key element of ongoing regulatory reform 
in the EU and has applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, since 1 
January 2018. In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as LIBOR 
and EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and indices, 
including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies, will in 
most cases be within scope of the Benchmark Regulation as "benchmarks" 
where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, 
certain financial instruments (including Securities listed on an EU regulated 
market or EU multilateral trading facility (MTF)), and in a number of other 
circumstances. 
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark, the administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in 
the EU. Amongst other things, the Benchmark Regulation requires EU 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered as such and to 
comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark administration. It 
also prohibits certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks 
provided by EU administrators which are not authorised or registered in 
accordance with the Benchmark Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided by 
non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime has not 
been determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator 
has not been recognised in accordance with the Benchmark Regulation, and 
(iii) the benchmark has not been endorsed in accordance with the Benchmark 
Regulation. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on Securities linked 
to a 'benchmark'. For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a 'benchmark' may not be used in certain ways 
by an EU supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the 'equivalence' 
conditions and is not 'recognised' pending an equivalence decision); 
and

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and 
such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the 
volatility of the published rate or level, and (depending on the terms of 
the particular Securities) could lead to adjustments to the terms of the 
Securities, including potentially determination by the Calculation 
Agent of the rate or level in its discretion. 
(ii) 
Reform and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates 
Amongst other developments, relevant authorities are strongly encouraging 
the transition away from Interbank Offered Rates (IBORs), such as LIBOR 
and EURIBOR, and have identified "risk free rates" to eventually take the 
place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling 
LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), so that 
SONIA may be established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by 
the end of 2021, (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate 
(ESTER) as the new euro risk- free rate, and (iii) for USD LIBOR, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) to be eventually established as 
the primary US dollar interest rate benchmark and (iv) for CHF LIBOR, the 
daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight SARON). The risk free rates have a 
different methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they 
will eventually replace and have little, if any, historical track record. It is not 
known whether certain IBORs will continue long-term in their current form. 
The reforms and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk free rates may 
cause the relevant IBOR to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The 
replacement risk free rate may have little, if any, historical track record and 
may be subject to changes in its methodology. Any of these developments 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities 
linked to any such rates. 
Investors in Securities referencing LIBOR or EURIBOR as an underlying 
Reference Rate or a floating rate of interest face the risk that such rate will be 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable during the term of their Securities, in 
which case the rate of interest on the Securities will be determined for the 
relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to the Securities. This 
may in certain circumstances result in (i) the application of a backward 
looking, risk free overnight rate, whereas the LIBOR or EURIBOR rate is 
expressed on the basis of a forward looking term and includes a risk element 
based on inter bank lending, (ii) result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when LIBOR or 
EURIBOR was available, or (iii) be determined by reference to an alternative 
rate selected by an institution with authority consistent with industry accepted 
standards or, in the absence of such alternative rate, by a third party agent 
appointed by the Calculation Agent. As the replacement rate will not be 
identical to the original rate (and may not be comparable), any of the 
foregoing circumstances could have a significant adverse effect on the value 
or liquidity of, and return on, the Securities. In addition, any Holders of such 
Securities that enter into hedging instruments based on the original 
replacement reference rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they 
may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the new 
replacement reference rate. 
 
2.3. 
Risks relating to Securities that are physically settled

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Where Physical Settlement is applicable, investors must give certain notices and take such other 
steps as are specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer shall not be liable under any circumstances if 
it is not able to deliver, or procure delivery, to the relevant investor by reason of such laws, 
regulations and practices. In certain circumstances, if Physical Settlement is impossible or illegal, 
then the Issuer may fall back to Cash Settlement pursuant to the Conditions. 
Each investor must be advised that, if the Securities are redeemable by Physical Settlement (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall be deemed to have acknowledged its 
understanding and acceptance of such mode of delivery and to have carried out such steps as are 
necessary and not to have relied on any statement of the Issuer or any of its Agents, or the relevant 
Dealer in relation thereto. In particular, the Issuer and each of its Agents shall not under any 
circumstances be responsible for verifying the capacity and power of any Holder to obtain 
settlement of its Securities by Physical Settlement and the Holder shall be fully liable for any 
consequences that may arise due to the Physical Settlement or, as the case may be, the non-
delivery as a result of the Holder not having the required power and capacity to take delivery. 
If an investor's Securities are subject to Physical Settlement, the investor must pay all expenses 
relating to delivery of such Securities, including expenses, costs, charges, levies, tax, duties, 
withholding, deductions or other payments including without limitation, all depository, custodial, 
registration, transaction and exercise charges and all stamp, issues, registration or, securities 
transfer or other similar taxes or duties incurred on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities and/or the delivery of the Underlying(s).  
2.4. 
Risks relating to Dual Currency Securities  
The Issuer may issue Dual Currency Securities where the amount of principal and/or interest 
payable are dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more 
currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Securities are denominated. 
Accordingly an investment in Dual Currency Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct 
foreign exchange investment and fluctuations in exchange rates will affect the value of Dual 
Currency Securities. See Risk Factor 1.12 (Foreign exchange risks) for risks relating to exchange 
rates generally. 
Potential investors in any such Securities should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Dual 
Currency Securities, (a) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (b) payment of 
principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected and (c) 
they may lose a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, movements in currency 
exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may or may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may 
affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may depend upon the time remaining to 
the relevant redemption date and the realised and/or market implied volatility of currency 
exchange rates. 
2.5. 
Risks relating to Zero Coupon Securities 
The prices at which Zero Coupon Securities are issued are at a substantial discount from the 
principal amount payable at maturity. The price of Zero Coupon Securities in the secondary 
markets will tend to fluctuate more in relation than prices of conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities.  
2.6. 
Risks relating to perpetual Bonds 
The Issuer may issue perpetual Bonds which have no fixed maturity date. The term of perpetual 
Bonds will depend on a settlement option at the Issuer's discretion, if any, or on a settlement 
option at the investor's discretion, if any. If the term of such Bonds depends on a settlement option 
at the Issuer's discretion and there is no secondary market for such Bonds, investors will not be 
able to sell the Bonds. 
3. 
Risks relating to certain features of the Securities

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
3.1. 
Securities which include a leverage factor involve a higher level of risk 
If the Securities include a leverage factor of greater than one, the exposure to the Securities to the 
performance of the Underlying(s) will be increased, and accordingly both profits and losses will be 
amplified. The use of leverage may lead to amplified losses if the Underlying(s) perform against 
expectations. Investors in Securities which include a leverage factor should be aware that such 
Securities involve a higher level of risk and, in the event of the Underlying(s) perform against 
expectations, such losses will be higher than those of a similar security which does not have a 
leverage factor. 
3.2. 
Automatic early settlement of the Securities 
Any automatic early settlement of the Securities could cause the return anticipated by Holders to 
be considerably less than anticipated. In addition, investors who choose to reinvest money they 
receive through an automatic early settlement may only be able to do so in securities with a lower 
yield than the Securities.  
In the case of Securities that include an automatic early settlement feature, the longer the time 
remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Securities, the higher the probability that an 
event triggering the automatic early settlement of the Securities will occur. In the event that the 
relevant level, value or price of the relevant Underlying(s) approaches the level that triggers the 
automatic early settlement of the Securities, the investor may not be able to sell the Securities in 
the secondary market (if applicable) before the occurrence of such event. 
3.3. 
Option Threshold Trigger  
In respect of certain issues where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities may be 
redeemed early in the event that the outstanding nominal amount falls below the Option Threshold 
Trigger stipulated in the applicable Final Terms. This could lead to investors receiving a settlement 
amount earlier than had been anticipated in circumstances over which the investors have no 
control and may adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
3.4. 
Securities subject to a cap  
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that the amount payable or Underlying(s) 
deliverable is subject to a pre-defined cap, the investor's ability to participate in any positive 
change in the value of the Underlying(s) will be limited, no matter how much the level, price or 
other value of the Underlying(s) rises above the cap level over the life of the Securities. 
Accordingly, the value of or return on the Securities may be significantly less than if the investor 
had purchased the Underlying(s) directly.  
3.5. 
"Worst of" performance 
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities include a "worst-of" feature, investors will be 
exposed to the performance of the Underlying which has the worst performance, rather than the 
basket as a whole. 
This means that, regardless of how the other Underlying(s) perform, if the worst performing 
Underlying in the basket fails to meet a relevant threshold or barrier for the payment of interest or 
the calculation of any redemption amount, investors might receive no interest payments or return 
on their initial investment and they could lose some or all of their investment.  
3.6. 
Settlement option at the Issuer's discretion (call option) 
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that the Issuer has the right to call for the 
early redemption or termination of the Securities, following any such exercise by the Issuer, the 
return received by investors may be considerably less than anticipated and/or the investor will lose 
the opportunity to participate any further in the performance of the Underlying(s) through the 
Securities.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those 
Securities generally will not rise above the price at which they can be redeemed., and this also may 
be the case prior to the beginning of any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Securities. At those times, generally investors would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Securities being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Investors should consider 
such reinvestment risk in light of other available investments at the time of purchase of the 
Securities. 
3.7. 
"Conditional" feature  
If the Securities include a "conditional" feature, amounts will only be paid if the level, price or 
other applicable value of the Underlying(s) on the relevant valuation date(s) either reaches or 
crosses one or more specific barrier(s). It is possible that such level, price or other applicable value 
of the Underlying(s) on the relevant valuation date(s) will not either reach or cross the barrier(s) 
(as applicable), and therefore, no coupon will be payable on the relevant coupon payment date. 
This means that the amount of amount(s) payable to an investor will vary and may be zero. 
3.8. 
"Memory" or "Tempo" feature  
If the Securities include a "memory" or "tempo" feature, the payment of coupon will be 
conditional on the value or performance of the Underlying(s). The coupon amount payable will be 
zero on a coupon payment date if the Underlying(s) does not perform in accordance with the terms 
of the Securities although such payment will be deferred to the next coupon payment date. If the 
Underlying(s) meets the performance criteria, the coupon payable will be an amount for the 
current coupon payment date plus any amounts deferred from previous coupon payment dates 
where coupon was not paid. Investors will not be paid any coupon or other allowance for the 
deferred payments of coupon and it is possible that the Underlying(s) never meets the performance 
criteria, meaning that investors will not receive any coupon at all for the term of the Securities. 
3.9. 
"Barrier" feature  
If the calculation of any amount payable depends on the level, value or price of the Underlying(s) 
reaching or crossing a "barrier" during a specified period or specified dates during the term of the 
Securities, such amount may alter dramatically depending on whether the barrier is reached or 
crossed (as applicable). This means that the investor may receive less (or, in certain cases, more) if 
the level, value or price of the Underlying(s) crosses or reaches (as applicable) a barrier, than if it 
comes close to the barrier but does not reach or cross it (as applicable), and in certain cases the 
investor might receive no payments and/or could lose some or all of its investment. 
3.10. Redemption amount may depend only on the final performance  
If the Securities determine the redemption amount based on the performance of the Underlying(s) 
as at a single final valuation date only (rather than in respect of multiple periods throughout the 
term of the Securities) then the investor may not benefit from any movement in level, value or 
price of the Underlying(s) during the term of the Securities that is not reflected in the final 
performance. 
3.11. Averaging 
If so provided in the applicable terms and conditions of the Securities, the amount payable (or 
deliverable) on the Securities (whether at maturity or otherwise) may be based on the arithmetic 
average of the applicable levels, prices, rates or other applicable values of the Underlying(s) on 
each of the specified averaging dates, and not the simple performance of the Underlying(s) over 
the term of the Securities. In such case, if (for example) the applicable level, price, rate or other 
applicable value of the particular Underlying(s) dramatically surged on the last of the averaging 
dates, the amount payable on the Securities may be significantly less than it would have been had 
the amount payable been linked only to the applicable level, price, rate or other applicable value of 
the particular Underlying(s) on that last averaging date.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
3.12. Specific risks in relation to Securities linked to a Basket of Multi Underlyings  
Securities linked to a Basket of Multi Underlyings provide exposure to a basket of several types of 
Underlyings (the Basket). The Basket may include Shares, Indices, Fund Units, Futures Contracts, 
Exchange Rates, Reference Rates, Debt Securities, Listed Options and/or Commodities (the 
Basket Components). The value of the Securities may fluctuate up or down depending on the 
performance of the Basket Components. Consequently, prospective investors, when considering 
investing in Securities linked to a Basket of Multi Underlyings, should also consider the risk 
factors linked to the Basket Components. 
The amount payable or the assets deliverable, as the case may be, in respect of the Securities will 
be affected by changes in the value of the different components in the Basket to which the relevant 
Securities relates. This value may be affected by (a) the economic, financial and political events in 
one or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any 
Basket Component included the Basket may be traded, and (b) the risks relating to the relevant 
types of Underlying(s) as described in "Risks associated with specific types of Underlyings". 
In addition there may be correlation between price movements of one Basket Component and the 
price movements of another Basket Component in the Basket that may have a negative impact on 
the value of the Basket. As such, the value of the Securities can therefore be volatile and this may 
result in investors losing all, or a substantial part, of their investment. 
In addition, Securities linked to a Basket of Multi Underlyings may be subject to a number of costs 
which would negatively impact the value of and return the Securities. 
4. 
Risks relating to Securities which are linked to one or more Underlying(s) generally 
4.1. 
The value of and return on the Securities will depend on the performance of the 
Underlying(s) 
Securities linked to one or more Underlyings provide for amounts payable (in principal and/or 
interest) or deliverable to be calculated by reference to the price, level or value of the relevant 
Underlying(s). The value of and return on the Securities will depend on the performance of the 
Underlying(s) on one or more specified dates. 
The economic relationship between the value of and return on the Securities and the performance 
of the Underlying(s) may not be clear and may change over time and be affected by other factors. 
Investors should be aware that there may not be a direct relationship between the market value of 
the Securities and the current price of the relevant Underlying(s) since the market value of the 
Securities may also be affected by factors other than the current price of the relevant 
Underlying(s), such as volatility of such Underlying(s), dividend payments or movements in the 
general interest rates etc. Therefore, positive changes in the price of the relevant Underlying(s) do 
not necessarily lead to a change in the market value of the Security which is positive for the 
investor. A depreciation of the Security moreover may even occur if the relevant price of the 
relevant Underlying(s) remains constant. Investors should note that changes in the price of the 
relevant Underlying(s) (or even a situation where an expected price change does not occur) can 
reduce the value of the Securities to a disproportionately high extent and even render them 
worthless, unless the Securities provide for payment of a scheduled minimum redemption amount. 
In particular, investors should not assume that the price of the Securities will recover in time in 
view of the term of the Securities, which may be limited. 
4.2. 
Hedging arrangements 
The Issuer will often enter into hedging arrangements to gain exposure to the Underlying(s). 
Potential investors must be aware that they are exposed, under the terms of Securities linked to 
Underlyings, to the performance of such hedging contracts and to events that may affect such 
hedging contracts. Such events may include events which result in the Issuer incurring material 
costs for performing its obligations under the Securities due to a change in applicable law or

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
regulation, or the inability of the Issuer and/or its affiliates to maintain or enter into hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Underlying(s) and the Securities. If such events occur, the 
Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or other terms of the 
Securities (without the consent of the Holders), which may have an adverse effect on the value of 
and return on the Securities.  
4.3. 
The past performance of an Underlying is not a reliable indicator of future performance
 
 
Any information about the past performance of an Underlying at the time of the issuance of the 
Securities may not be a reliable indicator of the range of, or trends in, fluctuations in such 
Underlying that may occur in the future. The level, price or other value of an Underlying (and of 
components included in such Underlying, if any) may go down as well as up throughout the term 
of the Securities. Such fluctuations may affect the value of and return on the Securities. There can 
be no assurance as to the future performance or movement of any Underlying. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Securities. 
4.4. 
Non-trading days or Market Disruption Events or Disruption Events may adversely affect 
the value of and return on the Securities 
If a scheduled date on which the level of an Underlying is observed or determined falls on a day 
which is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying or a is not a day on which price, level 
or value of such Underlying is schedule to be made available, then the relevant date may be 
postponed for such Underlying. 
Further, if the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event or other disruption 
event, as the case may be, in relation to an Underlying has occurred which affects the observation 
or determination of the level of such Underlying on any relevant day, then the relevant date may 
be postponed or the Calculation Agent may determine the price or level of such Underlying using 
one or more alternative provisions, or may ultimately determine the price or level of such 
Underlying in its discretion.  
Any such postponement and/or alternative determination of the price, level or value of an 
Underlying may adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities. In the event that one or 
more scheduled dates on which the price, level or value of an Underlying is observed or 
determined are postponed, the scheduled Maturity Date or other relevant payment date may also be 
postponed. 
4.5. 
Investors have no claim against or interest in any Underlying(s)  
The Securities are unsecured, and the Issuer has no obligation to hold the Underlying(s). Investors 
will not have any legal or beneficial rights of ownership in the Underlying(s). For example, where 
the Underlying(s) is a share, investors will have no voting rights, no rights to receive dividends or 
other distributions or any other rights with respect to the Underlying(s). In addition, investors will 
have no claim against any share issuer, index sponsor, fund issuer, fund sponsor, or any other third 
party in relation to an Underlying(s); such parties have no obligation to act in investors' interests. 
Accordingly, investors in the Securities may receive a lower return on the Securities than they 
would have received had they invested directly in the Underlying(s). 
4.6. 
Investors in listed Securities or in Securities linked to one or more listed Underlyings are 
exposed to the risk that the Security or Underlying(s) could be delisted or suspended from 
trading, and this might have an adverse effect on the value of the Security  
It is possible that during the term of the Securities, an Underlying is de-listed or suspended from 
trading on the relevant exchange, reference market or quotation system for reasons not attributable 
to the Issuer. In such case, the Calculation Agent has discretion to make adjustments to the terms 
of the Securities, or may substitute the Underlying with a replacement (if applicable) or may early 
redeem the Securities, and this may adversely affect on the value of and return on the Securities.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SPECIFIC TYPES OF UNDERLYINGS 
5. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are shares (including depositary 
receipts and ETFs) 
5.1. 
Factor affecting the performance of the Underlying Share(s) may adversely affect the value 
of the Securities  
The Issuer may issue Securities whose amount of principal and/or interest payable depends on the 
price or fluctuations in the price of a share or basket of shares or which, depending on the price or 
fluctuation in the price, require the Issuer to deliver, on settlement, a specific number of shares. 
Accordingly, an investment in Share or Basket-of-Shares linked Securities may involve market 
risks similar to those of a direct equity investment and therefore potential investors should seek 
appropriate advice. 
Furthermore, the price of the share or share basket may fluctuate significantly which may not 
mirror fluctuations in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of the price 
fluctuations of such share or shares may affect investors' real returns, even though the average 
level is in line with their expectations. In general, the earlier the share price change occurs, the 
greater the impact on yield will be. 
5.2. 
Actions by the issuer of an Underlying Share may adversely affect the Securities 
The issuer of an Underlying Share will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Securities 
and will have no obligation to any Holders. The issuer of an Underlying Share may take any 
actions in respect of such share without regard to the interests of the Holders, and any of these 
actions could adversely affect the market value of and return on the Securities. 
5.3. 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of certain adjustment or corporate 
events may adversely affect the Securities 
The Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the terms of the Securities following the 
occurrence of certain adjustment or corporate events. The Calculation Agent is not required to 
make an adjustment for every corporate event that may affect the Underlying Shares. Those events 
or other actions by the issuer of Underlying Shares or other third parties may nevertheless 
adversely affect the market price of the Underlying Shares and, therefore, adversely affect the 
value of and return on the Securities. The issuer of Underlying Shares or third parties could make 
an offering, or exchange offer, or the issuer of Underlying Shares could take other actions that 
adversely affect the value of the Underlying Shares and the value of and return on the Securities, 
but which will not result in an adjustment in the terms of the Securities. 
5.4. 
No right to participate in dividends or any other distributions 
Unless otherwise specified to be applicable in the terms and conditions, investors in Securities 
linked to ETFs will not participate in dividends or any other distributions paid on such 
Underlyings. Therefore, the return on the Securities may be lower than holding such Underlying(s) 
directly or through another product. 
5.5. 
Additional risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying Share(s) which are 
depositary receipts  
Securities linked to securities representing shares or depositary receipts may carry additional risks 
compared to Securities linked to shares. 
Each depositary receipt represents one or more underlying shares or a fraction of the security of a 
non-domestic stock corporation. The legal owner of the underlying shares is, for both types of 
depositary receipts, the depositary, which is also the issuing agent of the depositary receipts. 
Depending on the jurisdiction under which the depositary receipts have been issued and under 
which the depositary agreement is governed, it cannot be ruled out that the jurisdiction will not 
accept the holder of the depositary receipts as the actual beneficial owner of the underlying shares. 
If the depositary becomes insolvent or is subject to foreclosure, it is possible that a restraint on 
disposal of the underlying shares of the depositary receipts will be imposed or that such shares will

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
be disposed of in the context of a foreclosure against the depositary. In this case, the holder of the 
depositary receipts will lose the rights over the underlying shares which are certified in the 
depositary receipts. The depositary receipt will become worthless. 
5.6. 
Additional risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying Shares(s) which are 
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) 
(a) 
The performance of an ETF may not correlate with the performance of its underlying 
and during periods of market volatility, the ETF share price performance may not 
correlate with its net asset value  
Where the Securities are linked to an Exchange Traded Fund (an "ETF") and the 
investment objective of such ETF is to track the performance of a share or an index, the 
investors in such Securities are exposed to the performance of such ETF rather than the 
underlying share or index such ETF tracks. For certain reasons, an ETF may not be able to 
track or replicate the constituent securities of the underlying share or index, which could 
give rise to a difference between the performance of the underlying share or index and such 
ETF. Accordingly, investors who purchase Securities that are linked to an ETF may receive 
a lower return than if such investors had invested in the share or the index underlying such 
ETF directly. 
An ETF may not be not actively managed and may be affected by general movements in 
market segments related to the index or other asset it is tracking. An ETF invests in 
instruments included in, or that are representative of, the index or other asset it is tracking 
regardless of their investment merits. 
ETFs may engage in securities lending. Securities lending involves the risk that the ETF 
may lose money because the borrower of the ETF's loaned securities fails to return the 
securities in a timely manner or at all. 
An ETF faces numerous market trading risks, including but not limited to the potential lack 
of an active market for its shares, losses from trading in secondary markets, periods of high 
volatility, limited liquidity and disruption in the creation or redemption process of such 
ETF. If any of these risks materializes, this may lead to the ETF shares trading at a 
premium or discount to their net asset value. 
(b) 
The performance of an ETF will depend on many diverse and unpredictable factors 
and there can be no assurance it will achieve its investment objectives 
The performance of an ETF may be dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as 
interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments and political factors, 
and company-specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, 
market liquidity of the shares comprising the fund underlying benchmark, or the 
shareholder structure and dividend policy relating to the issuers of underlying shares of the 
fund underlying benchmark. As these factors are beyond the control of the management 
company, sponsor or trustee of the ETF, there can be no assurance that the management 
company, sponsor or trustee will achieve the investment objectives of the ETF. 
The net asset value of a share of an ETF may be calculated from the prices of underlying 
shares relating to the fund underlying benchmark, without taking into account the value of 
dividends paid on the shares of the fund underlying benchmark. Therefore, an investment in 
Securities which are linked to a share of an ETF is not the same as a direct investment in 
the fund underlying benchmark and may result in a lower yield than a direct investment in 
such index or shares or in another product. 
(c) 
Action or non-performance by the management company of the ETF, ETF 
Administrator or ETF Advisor may adversely affect the Securities 
The management company of the ETF, ETF Administrator or ETF Advisor will have no 
involvement in the offer and sale of the Securities and will have no obligation to any 
purchaser of such Securities. The management company of the ETF, ETF Administrator or 
ETF Advisor may take actions in respect of such ETF without regard to the interests of the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
purchasers of the Securities, and these actions could adversely affect the market value of 
the Securities. In its day-to-day operations and its investment strategy, an ETF will rely on 
the Fund Advisor, the investment advisor, the management company and/or on third parties 
providing services such as safekeeping of assets or acting as counterparty to derivatives or 
other instruments used by such ETF to employ its investment strategy. The insolvency or 
non-performance of services of any such persons or institutions may expose an ETF to 
financial loss. Failure of procedures or systems, as well as human error or external events 
associated with an ETF's management and/or administration may cause losses to an ETF 
and affect the market value of the Securities. 
Securities linked to shares of an ETF do not represent a claim against or an investment in 
any management company, sponsor or trustee of the ETF and the investor will not have any 
right of recourse under the Securities to any such company, sponsor or trustee or the shares 
of the ETF. 
6. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are indices 
6.1. 
An Index may deviate from the performance of the index or components contained in such 
Index  
The Issuer may issue Securities whose amount of principal and/or interest payable depends on the 
level of one or more indices (Securities linked to an Index, Proprietary Index, Index Basket or 
Proprietary Index Basket). An Index may reference, inter alia, equities, bonds, currency exchange 
rates or other securities or it may be a property index referencing certain property price data which 
will be subject to market price fluctuations, or reference or number of different assets or indices. 
The amounts payable under the Securities depend on the performance of the index and thus of the 
components contained in the index. During the term, the market value of the Securities can, 
however, also deviate from the performance of the index or components contained in the index 
since other factors such as the correlation, volatilities, interest level and (if applicable) the 
reinvestment of any dividend payments relating to the components contained in the index, may 
have an impact on the performance of the Securities. 
In the case of a "price index" as an underlying, investors should note that dividend payments are in 
principle not taken into account (whereas in the case of a "performance index" the calculation of 
such index takes into account all dividend payments). Therefore, investors should note that they 
will not participate in any dividend payments with regard to the components contained in the 
underlying. 
Investors should note that the index sponsor or the person responsible for the composition of the 
Index as well as the Issuer may be subject to new regulatory requirements with regard to the 
publication and the use of an index during the term of the Securities which may require an 
admission or a registration of the respective index and an index modification in order to comply 
with the statutory provisions. Therefore, it cannot be excluded that an index will be modified, 
cancelled or may no longer be used. In each of these cases the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
is entitled to make adjustments pursuant to the Conditions and to make determinations with respect 
to the price of the index in its discretion in order to calculate the amount owed at the end of the 
term of the Security and/or after an exercise or in the case of a termination of the Securities. 
6.2. 
Policies of the Sponsor may adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities 
The policies of the Sponsor (including a sponsor that is affiliated with Exane) concerning 
additions, deletions and substitutions of the assets underlying the index and the manner in which 
the Sponsor takes account of certain changes affecting such underlying assets may affect the value 
of the index. The policies of an index sponsor with respect to the calculation of an index could also 
affect the value of the index. An index sponsor may discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of information relating to its index. Any such actions could affect the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
In addition, indices may be subject to management fees and other fees as well as charges that are 
payable to the Sponsor and which can reduce the Settlement Amount payable to investors. Such 
fees may be paid to sponsors that are members of the Exane group.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
6.3. 
Loss of return of dividends in respect of most Securities linked to Indices 
The rules of an Index might stipulate that dividends distributed on its components do not lead to a 
rise in the Index level, for example, if it is a "price" index. As a result, Holders of Securities linked 
to such Index would lose the benefit of any dividends paid by the components of the Index and 
such Securities would not perform as well as a position where such holder had invested directly in 
such components or where they invested in a "total return" version of the Index. Even if the rules 
of the relevant Index provide that distributed dividends or other distributions of the components 
are reinvested in the Index and therefore result in raising its level, in some circumstances the 
dividends or other distributions may not be fully reinvested in such Index. 
6.4. 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an Index could have a negative impact on 
the value of the Securities 
The sponsor of an Index can add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components in accordance 
with the relevant index methodology. The changing of the components of an Index may affect the 
level of such Index as a newly added component may perform significantly worse or better than 
the component it replaces, which in turn may adversely affect the value of and return on the 
Securities. The sponsor of an Index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of such Index. The sponsor of an Index will have no involvement in the offer and 
sale of the Securities and may take any actions in respect of such Index without regard to the 
interests of the investor in the Securities, and any of these actions could have an adverse effect on 
the value of and return on the Securities. 
6.5. 
Additional risks linked to an Underlying that is a Proprietary Index 
Exane Derivatives has developed an expertise in creating, structuring and maintaining indices for 
which it acts as index sponsor (the Proprietary Indices). The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
affiliates may act as an index sponsor, adviser or calculation agent created and structured by any of 
them. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their affiliates may face a conflict of interest between its 
obligations as the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other function of such Securities, as the case may 
be, and as the sponsor, the adviser or the calculation agent of such Proprietary Indices, as the 
determination of the composition of such Proprietary Indices may have an impact on the value of 
and return on the Securities.  
In respect of the Proprietary Indices discretionarily composed by Exane Derivatives to which 
Securities are linked, Exane Derivatives may face a conflict of interest between its obligations as 
the Dealer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent and as the composer and Sponsor of such 
indices, as the determination of the composition of such indices may have an impact on the value 
of and return on the Securities. 
In respect of the Proprietary Indices which are composed by applying a mathematical formula 
without any discretion from Exane Derivatives or any third party, Exane Derivatives may face a 
conflict of interest between its obligations as the Dealer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent of 
such Securities and as Sponsor of such indices as it may, subject to the General and Specific 
Methodologies Proprietary Indices, modify certain parameters or provide the valuation of certain 
components which may have an impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
The Sponsor of the Proprietary Index may execute transactions on the Underlyings comprised in 
the Proprietary Index, whether for hedging purposes relating to the Securities or otherwise. These 
transactions may have a positive or negative impact on the value of the Underlyings comprised in 
the Proprietary Index and accordingly on the value of and return on the Securities. The 
composition of the Proprietary Index to which the Securities are linked and the methodology 
employed in relation to the Proprietary Index, are determined and selected by the Sponsor of the 
Proprietary Index. In selecting its methodologies, it cannot be ruled out that the Sponsor of the 
Proprietary Index (which may be the Issuer or any company in its Group) may take into account its 
own objectives, and/or those of its group or those of the Issuer and/or of its Group, and no 
reassurance can be given as to whether the methodology selected will not be less favourable to the

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
interests of the investors than methodologies employed by other strategic index sponsors in similar 
circumstances. 
If the hedging activities of the Exane Group affiliates in connection with a particular index are 
disrupted, Exane Derivatives may decide to terminate calculations in relation to such index sooner 
than another index sponsor would in comparable circumstances. Such a termination may trigger 
the early settlement of the Securities. 
7. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are commodities 
The price risks involved in commodities are often complex. Commodity prices are more volatile than 
other investment categories and, in particular, commodity markets are less liquid than bond, currency or 
stock markets. This means that changes in the supply and demand have a larger impact on prices and 
volatility, making commodities investments riskier and more complex than other investments. 
The factors that influence commodity prices are both numerous and complex. The following are examples 
of some typical factors affecting commodities prices: 
(a) 
The planning and management of commodities supplies are very time-consuming. This means that 
the scope for action on the supply side is limited and it is not always possible to adjust production 
swiftly to take account of demand. Demand can also vary on a regional basis. Transport costs for 
commodities in regions where these are needed also affect their prices. The fact that some 
commodities take a cyclical pattern, such as agricultural products which are only produced at 
certain times of the year, can also result in major price fluctuations. 
(b) 
Direct investments in commodities involve costs related to storage, insurance and tax. Moreover, 
no interest or dividends are paid on commodities. The total returns from commodities investments 
are therefore influenced by these factors. 
(c) 
Not all commodities markets are liquid and able to quickly and adequately react to changes in 
supply and demand. The fact that there are only a few market participants on the commodities 
markets means that speculative investments can have negative consequences and may distort 
prices. 
(d) 
Unfavourable weather conditions can influence the supply of certain commodities for the entire 
year. This kind of supply crisis can lead to severe and unpredictable price fluctuations. Diseases 
and epidemics can also influence the prices for agricultural commodities. 
(e) 
Commodities are often produced in emerging market countries, with demand coming principally 
from industrialised nations. However, the political and economic situation of emerging markets is 
often far less stable than in industrialised nations. They are generally much more susceptible to the 
risks of rapid political change and economic setbacks. Political crises can affect investor 
confidence, which can as a consequence influence commodity prices. Armed conflicts can also 
have impact on the supply and demand for certain commodities. It is also possible for 
industrialised nations to impose embargos on imports and exports of goods and services. This can 
directly and indirectly impact commodity prices. Furthermore, numerous commodity producers 
have joined forces to establish organisations or cartels in order to regulate supply and influence 
prices. 
(f) 
Changes in tax rates and customs duties may have a positive or a negative impact on the 
profitability margins for commodities producers. If these costs are passed on to buyers, these 
changes will affect the prices of the relevant commodities. 
Additionally, the legal and regulatory regime in relation to commodities is subject to change in ways that 
could affect the Issuer's obligations in respect of any Underlying or hedging transactions in relation to the 
Securities, or may make it unlawful or unfeasible in whole or in part for any reason for the Issuer to 
access commodity markets for the purpose of managing commodity market risk. This, in turn, may lead to 
adjustment to the terms of the Securities or early redemption of the Securities. 
8. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are funds (other than ETFs)

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
8.1. 
Factors affecting the performance of an Underlying Fund may adversely affect the value of 
and return on the Securities 
The performance of the units or shares (the Fund Units) of an Underlying Fund to which the 
Securities are linked will affect the value of the investment return on the Securities. Accordingly, 
an investment in Securities linked to an Underlying Fund or Fund Basket may involve market risks 
similar to those of a direct investment in the relevant fund. 
The performance of the Fund Units of an Underlying Fund is dependent upon many factors, 
including macroeconomic factors (such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency 
developments including variation of exchange rates of foreign currencies, political, judicial or 
economic factors) and fund-specific factors (such as the risk profile of the Fund, the expertise of 
its senior personnel and its shareholder structure and distribution policy). The investment 
objectives and policies employed by an Underlying Fund and the underlying components in which 
it invests may utilise various investment strategies which may also affect the performance of the 
Fund Units of an Underlying Fund. In addition, a Fund may make investments in markets that are 
volatile and/or illiquid and it may be difficult or costly for investment positions to be opened or 
liquidated. Any one or a combination of such factors could adversely affect the performance of an 
Underlying Fund(s) which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the 
investor's Securities. 
8.2. 
Fees, deductions and charges will reduce the Settlement Amount 
Fund fees will be deducted from the net asset value of an Underlying Fund, reducing the value of 
the Fund Units. Accordingly, to the extent that the Settlement Amount is linked to the net asset 
value of an Underlying Fund, the Settlement Amount payable to investors will be less than it 
would have been absent these fees, deductions and charges. The Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
affiliates of the Exane Group may be the beneficiary of such fees or obtain rebates on such fees 
from third parties. 
8.3. 
Events relating to Underlying Fund(s) 
If certain events relating to the Underlying Fund(s) occur, the Issuer may adjust the terms of the 
Securities to reflect such event as provided in the Conditions and substitute the relevant Fund 
Units or redeem the Securities. In addition, in the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the 
Underlying Fund(s) are not received by the Hedging Party on or prior to the scheduled date for 
settlement of the Securities, such settlement date may be postponed for a period of up to two 
calendar years (or such other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) and no 
additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay. 
8.4. 
No beneficial interest in an Underlying Fund 
Investors in the Securities will have no claim against any Underlying Fund, its management 
company or any fund service provider, and the investors will not have any right of recourse under 
the Securities to any such entity or the Fund Units of such Underlying Fund. The Securities are not 
in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any Fund, its management company or any fund 
service provider, and such entities have no obligation to take into account the consequences of 
their actions in respect of any investors. An Underlying Fund, its management company or any 
fund service provider may take any actions in respect of such Underlying Fund without regard to 
the interests of the investors, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of 
and return on the Securities. 
8.5. 
Fund managers' investments are not verified  
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the affiliates of the Issuer or of the Guarantor or the Calculation 
Agent under the Securities are or will be responsible for verifying or ensuring that the fund 
managers comply with its stated trading strategy (including a manager that is affiliated with the 
Issuer or the Guarantor). 
No Fund Sponsor has participated in preparing the applicable Final Terms or in drafting the terms 
of the Fund linked Securities, and neither the Issuer nor the Dealer shall make any enquiries or 
verifications in relation to any information relating to the issuer of such units provided in such

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Final Terms or in any document from which such information was extracted. Accordingly, no 
assurance can be given that any events that occurred prior to the relevant issue date (including 
events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information 
described in such paragraph or in the applicable Final Terms) and which would affect the trading 
price of the fund units will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of such events or 
the disclosure of, or failure to disclose, significant future events relating to the issuer of such fund 
units may affect the trading price of the fund units and, therefore, the trading price of the 
Securities.  
8.6. 
Reliance on fund managers and/or investment advisors of the Underlying Fund(s) 
The performance of an Underlying Fund will depend to a considerable extent on the performance 
of the managers and/or investment advisors of such Underlying Fund.  
The manager of an Underlying Fund may invest in and actively traded instruments with significant 
risk characteristics, including risks arising from the volatility of securities, financial futures, 
derivatives, currency and interest rate markets, the leverage factors associated with trading in such 
markets and instruments, and the potential exposure to loss resulting from counterparty defaults.  
The fund managers and/or the investment advisors may also manage or advise other funds and/or 
accounts and may have financial and other incentives to favor such other funds and/or accounts 
over the Underlying Fund(s). Also, the fund managers and/or the investment advisors may manage 
or advise for their own accounts and the accounts of their clients and may make recommendations 
or take positions similar or dissimilar to those of the Underlying Fund(s) or which may compete 
with the Underlying Fund(s). 
Where an Underlying Fund is comprised of sub-funds the factors set out above in relation to the 
management company apply equally to the management company of the funds in which such Fund 
invests. This can result in a lack of transparency regarding the exposure of the Securities to any 
such sub-funds.  
An Underlying Fund or its management company may also become involved in shareholder, 
insider trading or other litigation as a result of its investment activities. Any such dispute could 
adversely affect the performance of the Fund Units of a Fund and consequently, of the Securities. 
None of the Issuer, Exane Derivatives as Guarantor or as Calculation Agent under the Securities, 
or affiliates of the Exane Group are in a position to protect the Holders against fraud and 
misrepresentation by unaffiliated fund managers or the investment advisors. Investors should 
understand that they could be materially adversely affected by any such acts. Holders do not have 
and are not entitled to any beneficial interests in the Underlying Fund(s) and as such, have no 
recourse against the Underlying Fund(s), any investment advisor or manager either contractually 
or statutorily. Furthermore, as a practical matter, it may be difficult to bring an action, or to seek to 
enforce a judgment obtained in an action, against any of the aforementioned entities. In addition, 
the fund managers and/or the investment advisors may be removed or replaced, the allocation of 
assets may vary from time to time and the various positions of the investments of the Underlying 
Fund(s) may be economically offsetting, all of which may affect the performance of the 
Underlying Fund(s). 
Any of the above-described factors could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the 
investor's Securities. 
8.7. 
Volatility of the markets may adversely affect the value of the Fund Units 
Funds' performances (especially hedge funds) may be highly volatile. Movements in the net asset 
value of the fund tracked by the Fund Units may vary from month to month. Trades made by fund 
managers may be based upon their expectation of price movements. The market value of positions 
may not increase, and may in fact decrease, and this will be reflected in the net asset value per 
share. 
Investments made by the Underlying Funds can involve substantial risks. The nature of these 
investments means that the value of the Fund Units may fluctuate significantly during a day or

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
over longer periods. Consequently, the performance of the Fund Units over a given period will not 
necessarily be indicative of future performance. 
Substantial redemptions in a fund over a short period could require such funds to liquidate 
positions more rapidly than would be otherwise desirable. For example, if a larger investment 
vehicle or entity with a large investment in the fund redeems from the fund, illiquidity in certain 
securities or markets could make it difficult for the fund to liquidate positions on favorable terms 
to effect such redemption, which could result in losses or a decrease in the net asset value of the 
master fund. In addition, to satisfy such redemptions, the sub-manager may need to liquidate the 
fund's most liquid investments; leaving remaining investors invested in more illiquid instruments. 
Such withdrawals may also leave the fund with a less diversified pool of investments. This may 
increase the overall portfolio risk of the fund, and, ultimately, the Securities. Conversely, the 
manager may refuse a redemption request if it believes that such request, if fulfilled, would have a 
material adverse impact on the remaining investors in the fund. This may negatively impact the 
liquidity of the fund and, therefore, the Securities. 
8.8. 
Risks relating to Underlying Funds that are hedge funds 
The Issuer may enter into hedging arrangements to gain exposure to the Underlying. Investors 
must be aware that they are exposed, under the terms of Securities linked to Underlyings, to the 
performance of such hedging contracts and to events that may affect such hedging contracts and, 
accordingly, the occurrence of any such event may affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
To the extent the Underlying(s) of Securities include(s) a hedge fund or portfolio of hedge funds, 
the Securities will be subject to some of the risks of an investment in a hedge fund or portfolio of 
hedge funds. Underlying funds that are hedge funds are not regulated to the same extent as mutual 
funds or registered securities or securities offerings. The lack of oversight and regulation 
associated with hedge funds may increase the likelihood of fraud and negligence by the fund's 
managers and/or the investment advisors, their brokerage firms or banks. 
Hedge funds may invest in securities listed or traded on foreign exchanges, which involve risks not 
limited to higher volatility, government intervention, lack of transparency, lack of regulation, 
currency risk, political risk and economic social instability. 
Hedge funds may involve complex tax structures and delays in distributing important tax 
information and may have high fees and expenses that may offset the hedge fund's trading profits 
and reduce the value of the Security. 
Hedge funds, including the funds on which Securities may be indexed, generally do not make 
information about their operations and holdings public. The Issuer, the Guarantor, or any affiliate 
may not be able to obtain information required to calculate the value of the fund.  
The Issuer, the Guarantor and/or certain Affiliates may from time to time obtain information 
regarding specific hedge funds that may not be available to the general public. Any such 
information is obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or certain Affiliates in the ordinary course 
of their businesses, and not in connection with the offering of the Securities. The Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or certain Affiliates are not obliged to disclose such information to an investor. 
8.9. 
Risks relating to Underlying Funds that are invest through a master-feeder structure 
The Underlying Fund(s) may invest through a "master-feeder" structure. As such, the Underlying 
Fund(s) will contribute substantially part or all of its assets to the master fund and may do so 
alongside other investors, including other feeder funds. The relevant master fund may also 
establish or allow investment by additional investors or feeder funds in the future. 
The master-feeder fund structure, in particular the existence of multiple investment vehicles 
investing in the same portfolio, presents certain unique risks to investors. The Underlying Fund(s) 
may be materially affected by the actions of other investors, investment vehicles and feeder funds 
investing in the master fund, particularly if such investors have large investments in the master 
fund. For example, if a larger investment vehicle or entity with a large investment in the master 
fund redeems from the master fund, illiquidity in certain securities or markets could make it 
difficult for the master fund to liquidate positions on favourable terms to effect such redemption,

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
which could result in losses or a decrease in the net asset value of the master fund. In addition, to 
satisfy such redemptions, the sub-manager may need to liquidate the master fund's most liquid 
investments; leaving remaining investors (including the underlying fund(s)) invested in more 
illiquid instruments. Such withdrawals may also leave the master fund with a less diversified pool 
of investments. This may increase the overall portfolio risk of the master fund, and, ultimately, the 
Securities. Conversely, the sub-manager may refuse a redemption request if it believes that such 
request, if fulfilled, would have a material adverse impact on the remaining investors in the master 
fund. This may negatively impact the liquidity of the master fund and, therefore, the Underlying 
Fund(s) and the Securities. 
8.10. Net asset value 
The market value of the Securities is likely to depend substantially on the then-current net asset 
value of the Underlying Fund(s). If an investor chooses to sell its Securities, such investor may 
receive substantially less than the amount that would be payable at any relevant payment date 
based on that net asset value because of, for example, possible market expectations that the net 
asset value of the Underlying Fund(s) will continue to fluctuate between such time and the time 
when the NAV can be realized because of anticipated or unanticipated delays in creating or 
redeeming fund units and/or the time when the final net asset value of the Underlying Fund(s) is 
determined. Political, economic and other developments that affect the investments underlying the 
Underlying Fund(s) may also affect the net asset value of the Underlying Fund(s) and, thus the 
value of and return on the Securities. 
 
8.11. Legal, tax and regulatory changes 
The regulatory environment is evolving and changes therein may adversely affect the ability of a 
Fund to obtain the leverage it might otherwise obtain or to pursue its investment strategies. In 
addition, the regulatory or tax environment for derivative and related instruments is evolving and 
may be subject to modification by government or judicial action which may adversely affect the 
value of the investments held by a Fund. It is not possible to predict the effect of any future 
changes to applicable law or regulation or uncertainties such as international political 
developments, changes in government policies, taxation, restrictions or foreign investment and 
currency repatriation or fluctuations.  
Further, the markets in which a Fund invests may prove to be highly volatile from time to time as a 
result of, for example, sudden changes in government policies on taxation and currency 
repatriation or changes in legislation relating to the value of foreign ownership of assets held by a 
Fund, and this may affect the net asset value at which such Fund may liquidate positions to meet 
repurchase requests or other funding requirements. 
Any such regulatory changes or market volatility could adversely affect the performance of the 
Fund(s) which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the investor's 
Securities. 
9. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are futures contracts 
The price, level or rate, as the case may be of one or more futures contract(s) may be volatile and may 
depend on the residual term to maturity, and the realized and/or market implied future volatility of the 
price, level or rate, as the case may be, of such futures contract(s). The price of the futures contract(s) 
may also be affected by economic, financial and political events occurring in any one or more countries, 
including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation systems on which such futures contract(s) may be 
trade 
Futures contracts have a predetermined expiration date. Holding a futures contract until expiration will 
result in delivery of the physical underlying or the requirement to make or receive a cash settlement 
amount. Rolling Futures Contract Securities are valued by reference to futures contracts that have a 
delivery or expiry month that do not correspond with the term of the Securities. Consequently the futures 
contracts are "rolled" which means that the futures contract that is nearing expiration (the "near-dated 
futures contracts") is sold before it expires and a futures contract that has an expiration date further in the 
future (the "longer-dated futures contracts") is purchased. In order to maintain an ongoing exposure to

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
such Underlying(s), the applicable futures contracts are rolled. Where the price of a near-dated futures 
contract is greater than the price of the longer-dated futures contract, then rolling from the former to the 
latter will result in greater exposure to the longer-dated futures contract. Therefore, any loss or gain on the 
new positions will be greater than if an investor had synthetically held the same number of underlying 
contracts as before the rolling. Conversely, where the price of the near-dated futures contract is lower 
than the price of the longer-dated futures contract, then rolling will result in less exposure to the longer-
dated futures contract. Therefore, any gain or loss on the new positions will be less than if an investor had 
synthetically held the same number of underlying contracts as before the rolling.  
At each rollover there may be expenses incurred in replacing the futures contract which may have an 
adverse effect on the return on the Securities. Investors should be aware that in respect of Rolling Futures 
Contract Securities, the price difference between the futures involved in each Rollover may have a 
negative effect on the value of the Securities and in the long term be higher than the positive performance 
of the underlying and result in a total loss of the investment in the Securities. Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities may not be suitable for investors who intend to invest medium to long term. 
10. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are listed options 
When an Underlying is an option the Security will ultimately be subject to all of the risks associated with 
the option underlyings. Options typically involve an implicit leverage and so these identified risks should 
be expected to be amplified.  
The price of the listed options may also be affected by economic, financial and political events occurring 
in any one or more countries, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation systems on which 
the relevant listed options may be traded. 
 
11. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are exchange rates 
The performance of foreign exchange rates, currency units or units of account are dependent upon the 
supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to 
economic factors, including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between 
the respective countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and 
safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by 
governments and central banks. Such measures include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory 
controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange 
rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange 
controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates 
as well as the availability of a specified currency. Any such measures could have a negative impact on the 
value of and return on the Securities. 
Currency exchange risks can be expected to heighten in periods of financial turmoil. In periods of 
financial turmoil, capital can move quickly out of regions that are perceived to be more vulnerable to the 
effects of the crisis than others with sudden and severely adverse consequences to the currencies of those 
regions. In addition, governments around the world have recently made, and may be expected to continue 
to make, very significant interventions in their economies, and sometimes directly in their currencies. It is 
not possible to predict the effect of any future legal or regulatory action relating to exchange rates. 
Further interventions, other government actions or suspensions of actions, as well as other changes in 
government economic policy or other financial or economic events affecting the currency markets - 
including the replacement of entire currencies with new currencies - may cause currency exchange rates 
to fluctuate sharply in the future, which could have a negative impact on the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
12. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are Reference Rates (including 
interest rates) 
Reference rates are mainly dependent upon the supply and demand for credit in the money market, i.e., 
the rates of interest paid on investments, determined by the interaction of supply of and demand for funds 
in the money market. The supply and demand in the money market on the other hand is dependent upon 
macroeconomic factors, such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments 
and political factors, or upon other factors, depending on the specific type of reference rate. Such factors

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
affecting the performance of a reference rate may adversely affect the market value of and return on the 
Securities. 
In principle, the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) have no influence on the 
determination of the reference rate(s). Reference rates are generally calculated by an independent 
organization or a governmental authority, often based on information provided by market participants. 
The entity publishing an interest rate or reference rate can modify the calculation method for determining 
such reference rate or make other methodological changes that could affect the value of the interest rate or 
reference rate. The calculation or dissemination of such reference rate may also be altered, discontinued 
or suspended. The entity publishing a reference rate is not involved in the offer and sale of the Securities 
and has no obligation to invest therein. The entity publishing a reference rate may take any actions in 
respect of such reference rate without regard to the interests of the investors in Securities and any of these 
actions could adversely affect the market value of such Securities. 
13. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are Debt Instruments 
Debt instrument prices may be materially adversely impacted by the relevant obligor's financial condition 
and its ability to meet its obligations associated with the debt instrument as well as by the perception of 
market participants relating to these factors. The price of the debt instrument(s) may also be affected by 
economic, financial and political events occurring in any one or more countries, including factors 
affecting the exchange(s) or quotation systems on which the relevant debt instruments may be traded. 
14. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are Dynamic Portfolios 
The following risk factors relating to Securities indexed to a Dynamic Portfolio shall be read in 
conjunction with Risk Factor 3.12 (Specific risks in relation to Securities linked to a Basket of Multi 
Underlyings) as well as the risk factors relating to the relevant type(s) of components included such 
Dynamic Portfolio above under "Risks associated with specific types of Underlyings" above. 
14.1. Risks relating to the Portfolio Advisor 
The performance of actively managed portfolio linked Securities depends on the ability, services 
and overall competence of the Portfolio Advisor. Investors should be aware that the performance 
of the Securities will depend to a considerable extent on the ability of the Portfolio Advisor to 
provide the optimal modification recommendations throughout the life of the Securities as well as 
on the ability of the Issuer and of the Calculation Agent to implement the recommendations of the 
Portfolio Advisor. 
There can be no assurance that the Portfolio Advisor will be able to provide such services or 
indeed be able to avoid negative performance. Investors should understand that they could be 
materially adversely affected by any such factors. 
Even though the Issuer and the Calculation Agent have designated the Portfolio Advisor in respect 
of the Securities, the Portfolio Advisor shall act in the exclusive interest of the investors. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will interfere in the Portfolio Advisor decisions and 
therefore, investors shall be aware that neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will be 
responsible for any decision, Rebalancing or other, made by the Portfolio Advisor. Moreover, 
neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will be in a position to protect the investors against 
fraud, negligence or misrepresentation from the Portfolio Advisor. 
14.2. Exposure to the Dynamic Portfolio 
Investors should be aware that the composition of the Dynamic Portfolio may change after the 
implementation of a rebalancing decided discretionary by the Portfolio Advisor, after an 
adjustment decided by the Portfolio Calculation Agent in order to comply with the portfolio 
technical eligibility criteria or after an adjustment of the Dynamic Portfolio following an Event. In 
order to inform investors of the composition of the Dynamic Portfolio, the changes granted by the 
Portfolio Advisor regarding the components of the Dynamic Portfolio will be disclosed and 
available on www.exane.com/exaneindex.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
15. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are which are emerging market 
Underlyings 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the amount payable on exercise or redemption or the interest 
payable is linked to an Underlying which consists of (a) securities, shares, funds or indices comprising 
securities of issuers that are located in, or subject to regulation in, emerging or developing countries, or 
(b) securities which are denominated in the currency of, or are traded in, emerging or developing 
countries or (c) currencies of emerging or developing countries.  
Prospective investors should note that additional risks may be associated with investment in such 
Securities, including risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental 
policies, restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange rate 
fluctuations, possible lower levels of disclosure and regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, 
interpretation and application of laws including, but not limited to, those relating to expropriation, 
nationalization and confiscation.  
Securities traded in emerging or developing countries tend to be less liquid and the prices of such 
securities more volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in some such markets may be slower and more 
subject to failure than in markets in developed countries. 
Increased custodian costs as well as administrative difficulties (such as the applicability of the laws of the 
jurisdictions of emerging or developing countries to custodians in such jurisdictions in various 
circumstances, including bankruptcy, ability to recover lost assets, expropriation, nationalization and 
record access) may also arise from the maintenance of assets in such emerging or developing countries. 
Such adverse effects can, under certain circumstances, last for long periods of time, i.e., months or years. 
Each of these adverse effects may cause what is known as a market disruption in relation to the Securities 
and one of the results of this may be that during this period no prices will be quoted for the Securities 
affected by the market disruption. 
In addition, if an Underlying is quoted in local currency, i.e., not hedged against the currency of the 
Securities, there is an increased foreign exchange risk. Currency exchange rates in emerging markets are 
subject to particularly high fluctuations. This may result in a considerable negative performance of the 
Security, even though the performance of the underlying during the term of the Security has essentially 
remained unchanged or even risen. This may mean that some or all of the total performance of the 
underlying may be eroded by currency losses and that the performance of the underlying even may 
become negative. 
16. 
Potential conflicts of interests 
16.1. Potential conflicts of interests in relation to the Issuer, the Guarantor or its parents, 
subsidiaries and/or Affiliates entering into trades relating to the Underlying(s) 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or its parents, subsidiaries and/or Affiliates, may also enter into trades 
(including hedging transactions) relating to the Underlying(s) (including Credit Linked Securities) 
and other instruments or derivative products based on or relating to the Underlying of any Security 
for their own account or on behalf of third parties as part of their execution and/or asset 
management activities. 
In the course of this business, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and any of their 
respective Affiliates may acquire non-public information about an Underlying or any companies or 
assets related that is or may be material in the context of the issue of the Securities and that may 
not be publicly available or known to other third parties. There is no obligation on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and any of their respective Affiliates to disclose to the investors 
or any other party any such relationship or information whether before or after the Issue Date. 
For the sake of transparency, it is brought to the attention of the investors the following different 
situations that may generate a potential conflict of interest: 
(a) 
the composition (selection of the components, additions, deletions…), the methodology, 
and the manners of computation of an Index Underlying, can be determined, under certain 
circumstances, by Exane Derivatives or any other member company of the Exane group;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
(b) 
the investment rules and the methods of constitution of a Fund Underlying can be 
determined, under certain circumstances, by Exane Derivatives or other member company 
of the Exane group. In addition, Exane Asset Management or Ellipsis Asset Management 
can be appointed as Management Company of a Fund Underlying; 
(c) 
in addition, if the hedging activities of Exane Derivatives or of one of its affiliates in 
connection with a particular index are disrupted, Exane Derivatives or the relevant affiliate 
may decide to terminate calculations in relation to such index sooner than another index 
sponsor would have done in comparable circumstances. Such a termination may trigger the 
early settlement of the Bond; 
(d) 
Exane Derivatives as the Calculation Agent can determine the substitution of an Underlying 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities; 
(e) 
Exane Derivatives as the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any 
other terms of the Securities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities; 
and 
(f) 
Exane Derivatives as the Calculation Agent may determine the amounts payable to the 
investors of the Securities.  
16.2. Calculations and determinations by the Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent may have to make decisions and judgments that may influence the amount 
receivable upon settlement of the Securities and has wide discretionary powers to make such 
adjustments as it considers appropriate as a result of or in connection with transactions on 
securities affecting the Underlying. The Calculation Agent may be the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
one of their affiliates and potential conflicts of interest may exist therefore between the Calculation 
Agent and the investors.  
All the determinations of the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final 
and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Financial Agent and on all the investors. The 
Calculation Agent will as an independent expert and will act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner in exercising its functions. Because the Calculation Agent may be the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or an Affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the 
Calculation Agent and investors in the Securities, including with respect to certain determinations 
and judgments that the Calculation Agent must make, including whether a Market Disruption 
Event, a Potential Adjustment Event or Credit Event has occurred. In making any calculations and 
determinations under the Securities, the Calculation Agent has no responsibility to take investors' 
interests into account. 
16.3. Potential conflicts of interests in relation to Underlying(s) which are Proprietary Indices 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their affiliates may face a conflict of interest between its 
obligations as the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other function of such Securities, as the case may 
be, and as the sponsor, the adviser or the calculation agent of such Proprietary Indices, as the 
determination of the composition of such Proprietary Indices may have an adverse impact on the 
value of and return on the Securities. See Risk Factor 6.5 (Risks linked to an Underlying that is a 
Proprietary Index). 
16.4. Potential conflicts of interests in relation to Underlying(s) which are Funds 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, or one or more of their affiliates, may engage in trading and other 
business activities relating to the Underlying Fund(s) or their underlying assets that are not for the 
investors accounts or on behalf of the investors. These activities may present a conflict between an 
investor's interest in the Securities and the interests the Issuer and the Guarantor, or one or more of 
their affiliates, may have in their proprietary account. Such activities may include, among other 
things, the exercise of voting power, financial advisory relationships, financing transactions, 
derivative transactions and the exercise of creditor rights, each of which may be contrary to the 
interests of the investors. Any of these trading and/or business activities may affect the value of an 
Underlying Fund(s) and thus could be adverse to an investor's return on the Securities. The Issuer,

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
the Guarantor and their respective affiliates may engage in any such activities without regard to the 
Securities or the effect that such activities may directly or indirectly have on Securities. 
In addition, in connection with these activities, the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or their respective 
affiliates may receive information about the Underlying Fund(s) or their underlying assets that will 
not be disclosed to the investors. The Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates have no 
obligation to disclose such information about the Underlying Fund(s) or the companies to which 
they relate. 
16.5. Potential conflicts of interests between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and 
the Portfolio Advisor in relation to Underlying(s) which are Dynamic Portfolios 
The Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent or the Portfolio Advisor, may engage in trading 
and other business activities relating to the components of the portfolio without regards to the 
Securities and that are not for the investors' accounts or on behalf of the investors.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF SECURITIES 
1. CONSENT GIVEN IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 5.1 OF THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION 
In the context of any offer of Securities that is not within an exemption from the obligation to publish a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, (a Non-exempt Offer), each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accepts 
responsibility in each Member State for which it has given its consent as specified below (each a Public Offer 
Jurisdiction) for the content of the Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an Investor) to whom any offer of 
Securities is made by any financial intermediary to whom it has given its consents to use of the Base Prospectus 
(an Authorised Institution), where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given in a 
Public Offer Jurisdiction for which that consent was given and is in compliance with all other conditions 
attached to the giving consent. 
However, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any Dealer is liable for any of the actions by any Authorised 
Institution, including the non-compliance by any Authorised Institutions with applicable conduct of business 
rules or other local regulatory requirements or other legal obligations relating to financial instruments in relation 
to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantor nor any Dealer authorises the use of the Base Prospectus in the case of a 
Non-exempt Offer of Securities in a Member State other than a Public Offer Jurisdiction or in a Public Offer 
Jurisdiction but made by a financial intermediary to which the Issuer has not given its consent. Such 
unauthorised Non-exempt Offers are not made by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer or any 
Authorised Institution and neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantor nor the Dealer nor Authorised Institution accepts 
no responsibility for the actions of any person making such offers and the related consequences. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantor nor the Dealer authorises that any Non-exempt 
Offers of Securities may be made in circumstances which make the Issuer publish a prospectus or a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus. 
2. TYPE OF CONSENT  
Subject to the conditions set out below under “Common conditions to the consent” and if it is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Securities, the Issuer consents to the use of the Base 
Prospectus in relation to an Non-exempt Offer of such Securities during the offer period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the Offer Period). 
The consent given by the Issuer to the use of the Base Prospectus for the purpose of a Non-exempt Offer of any 
Securities during the Offer Period and in the Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
may be a specific consent (a Specific Consent) and/or a general consent (a General Consent), each as described 
hereafter and as specified in the Final Terms. 
2.1 
 SPECIFIC CONSENT 
If the clause “Specific Consent” is stated as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, it means that the Issuer 
consents to the use of the Base Prospectus (as supplemented as of the relevant time, if applicable) in connection 
with a Non-exempt Offer of Securities by: 
 
(i) 
The relevant Dealer specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(ii) 
Any financial intermediary(ies) specified identified as an “Authorised Institution”, and whose name and 
address are specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(iii) 
Any financial intermediary(ies) appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and identified as an 
“Authorised Institution” in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and whose name [and address] is 
[are] published on in the website of the Issuer (www.exane.com/exaneissues).

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
2.2 
 GENERAL CONSENT 
 If the clause “General Consent” is stated as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, it means that the Issuer 
consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to Non-exempt Offer of Securities by any financial 
intermediary that fulfils the following conditions: 
(a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and recommendations of any authority (the 
Rules), including, in particular and in each case, the Rules relating to both the suitability or appropriateness of 
any investment in the Securities by any person and disclosure to any potential investor; 
(b) observes and complies with the restrictions set forth in the "Subscription, purchase and selling restrictions" 
section of this Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time, which shall apply as if it were acting as a 
Dealer; 
(c) ensures that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate received or paid by such 
financial intermediary in connection with the offer or sale of Securities does not violate the Rules and is fully 
and clearly communicated to Investors or potential Investors; 
(d) holds all permits, licenses, approvals and consents necessary for solicitation of interests in, or offering or 
selling Securities, pursuant to the Rules;  
(e) retains all investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under the applicable Rules 
and shall, upon request, place such records at the disposal of the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or place them 
directly at the disposal of the relevant supervisory authority of the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to enable 
the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with the Rules relating to money-laundering, prevention of 
corruption and client identification applicable to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s);  
(f) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or place the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) under an obligation to make any filing, obtain any authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction;  
(g) it commits itself to indemnify the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer for any damage, loss, expense, claim, 
request or loss and fees (including reasonably fees from law firms) incurred by one of its entities because of, or 
in relation with, any failure by this financial intermediary to respect any of these obligations above; 
(h) it acknowledges that its commitment to respect the obligation above is governed by French law and agrees 
that any related dispute is brought before the Tribunal de Commerce de Paris, France; and  
(i) satisfies any other conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Dealers nor the Issuer shall be under any obligation to ensure that an 
Authorised Institution is acting in compliance with all laws and regulations and, accordingly, neither the Dealers 
nor the Issuer shall under any circumstances be liable in such regard. 
Any Authorised Institution falling within paragraph 2.2 herein who meets the conditions set out in paragraph 2.2 
and the other conditions state in “Common conditions to consent” below and who wishes to use this Base 
prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Securities is required, during the Offer Period, to publish 
on its website that it uses the Base Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance with this paragraph 2.2 
and the related conditions. 
3. COMMON CONDITIONS TO THE CONSENT 
The above-mentioned consent applies to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months following the date of 
approval of the Base Prospectus by the CSSF.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
The consent by the Issuer to the use of the Base Prospectus: 
 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Securities in Luxembourg and France, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The only relevant Member States for which each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has given a consent for the 
making of Non-exempt Offers and which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as indicated in the 
paragraph 3(ii) above as Public Offer Jurisdictions will be Luxembourg and France. 
4. ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN THE INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED INSTITUTIONS 
Any Investor who intends to acquire or acquires Securities from an Authorised Institution shall do so, and any 
offers or sales of Securities by an Authorised Institution to an Investor shall be made, in compliance with all 
conditions and other agreements made between the relevant Authorised Institution and such Investor including 
with regard to the price, allotment, settlement-delivery arrangements and any costs or taxes to be invoiced to the 
Investor (the Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer). The Issuer is not a party to such agreements with the 
Investors (other than the Dealer) in connection with the offer or sale of Securities and, accordingly, this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms shall not include such information.  
The Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be communicated to Investors by the Authorised Institution 
at the time of the Non-exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or Authorised Institutions 
shall be liable for such information or the consequences of its use by the relevant Investors. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offer. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer 
or the Dealer which is intended to permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Securities may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Securities must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. For a description of certain further restrictions on the offer 
and sale of Securities in, among others, the United Sates, the European Economic Area (including France, the 
United Kingdom, the Republic of Italy and Belgium), Japan, Singapore and Switzerland, and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription, purchase and selling restrictions”.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents that have been 
previously published or are published simultaneously with the Base Prospectus and have been filed with the 
CSSF in its capacity as the competent Luxembourg authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
that are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, the Base Prospectus: 
• 
The bonds issuance programme of Exane Finance, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane 
Derivatives dated as of 16 October 2013 (the 2013 Base Prospectus); 
https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues.do?cmd=cmddoc&idDoc=251666  
• 
The bonds issuance programme of Exane Finance, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane 
Derivatives dated as of 14 October 2014 (the 2014 Base Prospectus); 
https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues.do?cmd=cmddoc&idDoc=284347  
• 
The bonds issuance programme of Exane Finance, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane 
Derivatives dated as of 14 October 2015 (the 2015 Base Prospectus); 
https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues.do?cmd=cmddoc&idDoc=317826  
• 
The bonds issuance programme of Exane Finance, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane 
Derivatives dated as of 14 October 2016 (the 2016 Base Prospectus); 
https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues.do?cmd=cmddoc&idDoc=346592  
• 
The first supplement to the 2016 Base Prospectus dated 20 June 2017 (the First Supplement 2016) ; 
https://www.exane.com/publications-derivatives/exaneissues/pdf/L2F1Z8oJpUE  
• 
The bonds issuance programme of Exane Finance, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane 
Derivatives dated as of 13 October 2017 (the 2017 Base Prospectus); 
https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues.do?cmd=cmddoc&idDoc=395301  
• 
The bonds issuance programme of Exane Finance, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane 
Derivatives dated as of 12 October 2018 (the 2018 Base Prospectus);  
https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues.do?cmd=cmddoc&idDoc=435811  
• 
The bonds issuance programme of Exane Finance, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane 
Derivatives dated os of 18 July 2019 (the 2019 Base Prospectus); 
https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues.do?cmd=cmddoc&idDoc=473705  
• 
The bonds issuance programme of Exane Finance, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane 
Derivatives dated os of 17 July 2020 (the 2020 Base Prospectus); 
https://www.exane.com/publications-derivatives/exaneissues/pdf/18AmB3rNsdo 
• 
The first supplement to the 2020 Base Prospectus dated 09 December 2020 (the First Supplement 2020); 
https://www.exane.com/publications-derivatives/exaneissues/pdf/SGzEA9hcOFI 
• 
The English language version of the non-consolidated financial statements of Exane Finance for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019; 
https://www.exane.com/publications-derivatives/exaneissues/pdf/viPq0qEUY8Y  
• 
The English language version of the non-consolidated financial statements of Exane Finance for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020; 
https://www.exane.com/publications-derivatives/exaneissues/pdf/8EmlixirK64

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
• 
The English language version of the non-consolidated financial statements of Exane Derivatives for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019;  
https://www.exane.com/publications-derivatives/exaneissues/pdf/XpIoYABvYKw 
• 
The English language version of the non-consolidated financial statements of Exane Derivatives for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020;  
https://www.exane.com/publications-derivatives/exaneissues/pdf/wLAh260u8Ek 
The English language version of the non-consolidated financial statements of both Exane Finance and Exane 
Derivatives for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 is an unofficial free 
translation for information purposes only of the French language version. The Issuer takes the responsibility of 
this unofficial free translation. 
 
The yearly non-consolidated financial statements of Exane Finance and Exane Derivatives have been audited, 
respectively by Conseil Audit & Synthèse and Deloitte & Associés for Exane Finance and Mazars and Deloitte 
& Associés for Exane Derivatives. 
Copies of these documents may be obtained free of charge from the designated agencies of Exane Derivatives in 
its capacity as Principal Paying Agent. 
As an exception to this principle, any representation appearing in the Base Prospectus or in any of the documents 
incorporated by reference therein shall be deemed to have been amended or replaced, for the purposes of the 
Base Prospectus, by any representation appearing in a document subsequently filed with the CSSF and 
specifically intended to amend or replace said representation (whether explicitly or implicitly). 
Information incorporated by reference which does not appear in the cross reference tables hereunder should be 
considered as supplemental information and is therefore not required for the purpose of the relevant sections of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU)2019/980 of 14 March 2019.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO PREVIOUS BASE PROSPECTUS 
Documents incorporated by reference 
Exane Finance 
Securities Previous Conditions 
Previous Base Prospectus 
Section 
Pages 
2013 Base Prospectus  
Securities Conditions 
Technical Annex 
Pages 88 to 272 
Pages 338 to 377 
2014 Base Prospectus  
Conditions of the Securities 
Technical Annex 
Pages 135 to 403 
Pages 491 to 540 
2015 Base Prospectus  
Conditions of the Securities 
Technical Annex 
Pages 158 to 337 
Pages 451 to 528 
2016 Base Prospectus  
Conditions of the Securities 
Technical Annex 
Pages 162 to 346 
Pages 464 to 551 
First Supplement 2016 
Summary of the Programme 
Pages 3 to 4 
2017 Base Prospectus  
Conditions of the Securities 
Technical Annex 
Pages 206 to 417 
Pages 543 to 659 
2018 Base Prospectus 
Conditions of the Securities 
Technical Annex 
Pages 214 to 435 
Pages 570 to 684 
2019 Base Prospectus 
Conditions of the Securities 
Technical Annex 
Pages 104 to 218 
Pages 233 to 347 
2020 Base Prospectus  
Conditions of the Securities  
Technical Annex 
Pages 56 to 174 
Pages 189 to 302 
First Supplement 2020 
Technical Annex 
Pages 6 to 7

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO 
EXANE FINANCE AS ISSUER, EXANE DERIVATIVES AS GUARANTOR AS OF 31 DECEMBER 
2019 AND 31 DECEMBER 2020 
 
 
 
Financial Statements 2019 
 
Financial Statements 2020 
Financial 
information 
in respect of 
EXANE 
FINANCE as 
Issuer1 
Historical 
financial 
information 
 
 
a) Balance Sheet (asset 
and liabilities) 
page 10 
page 10 
b) Profit and Loss Account 
page 11 
page 11 
c) Cash Flow Statement 
page 17 
page 17 
d) Notes to the financial 
statements 
pages 12 to 17 
pages 12 to 17 
Attestation : report of the 
statutory auditors 
pages 1 to 9 
pages 1 to 9 
 
 
 
 
 
1 The reference pages indicated for the Financial Statements 2019 and 2020 relate to the electronic document.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
Financial Statements 2019 
 
Financial Statements 2020 
 
Financial 
information 
in respect of 
EXANE 
DERIVATIV
ES as 
Guarantor1 
Historical 
financial 
information 
 
 
a) Balance Sheet (asset 
and liabilities) 
page 7 
page 7 
b) Profit and Loss Account 
page 8 
page 8 
c) Cash Flow Statement 
page 28 
page 29 
d) Notes to the financial 
statements 
pages 9 to 28  
pages  9 to 29 
Attestation : report of the 
statutory auditors 
pages 1 to 6 
pages 1  to 6 
 
 
 
 
 
1 The reference pages indicated for the Financial Statements 2019 and 2020 relate to the electronic document.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Securities, the 
Information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuers and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the 
Securities. In relation to the different types of Securities which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuers 
and the Guarantor have endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except 
for information relating to the Securities which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can 
only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Securities. 
Any information relating to the Securities which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Securities will therefore be contained 
either in the applicable Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the 
applicable Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other 
necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Securities, will be contained in a Drawdown 
Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Securities which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and this Base Prospectus and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Securities which is the subject of Final Terms are the Terms and Conditions of the Securities as completed to the 
extent described in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Securities which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will 
be the Conditions as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a 
Tranche of Securities which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference 
to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context 
requires otherwise.  
An Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may agree with any Dealer that Securities may be issued, offered to 
the public, and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities described in this Base Prospectus, in which event a Drawdown Prospectus will be 
submitted for approval to the relevant competent authority and will be made available. In the case of a Tranche 
of Securities which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference 
to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context 
requires otherwise. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Securities which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Terms and Conditions of the Securities as supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  
In accordance with Article 6.3 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Drawdown Prospectus will be drawn up as a 
single document, incorporating by reference, if applicable, the relevant parts of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Securities to be listed and 
admitted to trading on a regulated market shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus (or a new Base 
Prospectus, as applicable) as required (for supplements) by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and shall 
supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto or new Base Prospectus as such 
Dealer may reasonably request. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there 
is a significant new factor, material mistake, inaccuracy or omission relating to information contained in this 
Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Securities and whose inclusion in or 
removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the 
Group and the rights attaching to the Securities, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Securities, and 
shall supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably 
request. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, the Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Securities, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus (a 
Supplement) in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a new prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Securities. Such Supplement as prepared will have to be approved by 
the CSSF. Statements contained in any such Supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
In the case of Securities subject to a Non-exempt Offer to the public, in accordance with Article 23.2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any 
Supplement is published have the right, exercisable within two working days after the publication of this 
Supplement, to withdraw their acceptances.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The Conditions shall apply to all Securities issued pursuant to the Programme described in the Base Prospectus. 
The following provisions set forth the Conditions governing these Securities, subject to any additions that may be 
made to these Conditions by the Final Terms or any other document.  
A financial agency agreement in respect of the Securities was entered into on 16 July 2021 (the Agency 
Agreement) between Exane Finance as issuer (the Issuer) Exane Derivatives as guarantor or pledgor (the 
Guarantor and the Pledgor), as calculation agent (the Calculation Agent), as financial agent (the Financial 
Agent), as principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent), and BNP Paribas Securities Services as 
settlement confirmation agent (the Settlement Confirmation Agent) and as pledged account custodian (the 
Pledged Account Custodian) (however, it is understood that another entity may be specified as the Calculation 
Agent or Settlement Confirmation Agent in the Final Terms).  
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available to Security Holders during normal business hours from the 
designated agencies of each the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, from the Registrar. Any person 
benefiting from rights attached to Securities shall be deemed to have read the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement.  
The Securities shall constitute bonds as defined by article L. 228-38 of the French commercial code. Although 
the Securities with identical features will be issued by series (a Series), each Security shall constitute a separate 
debt security. Each Series shall be described in the final terms (the Final Terms), a copy of which shall be 
available during normal business hours from the designated agencies of the Financial Agent or, if applicable, of 
the Registrar (as stipulated in Condition 2.2). For any Series of Securities for which an admission to trading on a 
regulated market has not been requested, the copies of the Final Terms for consultation by the Holder shall only 
be available from the Financial Agent and any Dealer.  
References made in the Base Prospectus to the "Final Terms" refer to the Final Terms applicable to the issue of a 
Series of Securities.  
The terms and expressions defined in the Conditions shall have the same meaning when used in the Agency 
Agreement or in the Final Terms, unless the context requires otherwise or except where otherwise stipulated.  
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
The terms used in the Conditions shall have the following meanings: 
Accredited Financial Intermediary(ies) means any financial establishment authorised to keep accounts in the 
name of its clients in Euroclear France (66, rue de la Victoire – 75009 Paris – France), and includes the 
depositary banks of Clearstream Luxembourg, société anonyme (42, avenue JF Kennedy – L-1855 Luxembourg 
– Grand Duché du Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1, boulevard du Roi Albert II – 1210 Bruxelles – 
Belgique). 
Acknowledgement of Pledge means the acknowledgement of pledging of securities account which the 
certificate is containing the inventory of the instruments and amounts recorded in the Pledged Account on the 
date of the acknowledgement issued by the Pledged Account Custodian.  
Automatic Early Settlement Amount means the automatic early settlement amount in cash and/or the quantity 
of Underlyings to which each Security gives entitlement at the time of its settlement, as soon as the Automatic 
Early Settlement Condition, as determined in accordance with the Technical Annex and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, occurs or is not met as the case maybe, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
accordance with one of the Pay-Off Formulas.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Automatic Early Valuation Date means, with respect to an Automatic Early Settlement, the date or dates 
specified in the Final Terms, or if such date(s) is(are) not an Exchange Business Day, the next Exchange 
Business Day. 
Basket of Multi Underlyings means a Bond indexed to a combinaison of several type of Underlyings such as 
Shares, Indices (which may therefore include a combinaison of several Mono-Exchange Index(ices), Multi-
Exchange Index(ices) and / or Proprietary Index(ices)), Fund Units, Futures Contracts, Exchange Rates, 
Reference Rates, Debt Securities, Listed Options , Commodities and / or Dynamic Portfolios.  
In that case any Market Disruption Event occurring on a Basket of Multi Underlying, the Valuation Date for all 
Underlyings of the Basket of Multi Underlyings, included those not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Underlying 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date for all Underlyings of the Basket of Multi Underlyings, including the 
Underlying affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, notwithstanding that such day is a Disrupted Day for 
the relevant affected Underlying and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value or the 
level as the case may be of that affected Underlying at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day, by 
taking into account any specifications if any indicated in the Condition of the relevant Underlying. 
In respect of the occurrence of any Event, which can not be resolved by any adjustment specified for the relevant 
Underlying of the Basket of Multi Underlying affected by the Event, the Issuer may, for the avoidance of doubt, 
terminate its obligations as per specified in each Condition of the Underlying. 
Benchmark means the Floating Rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Bond means a Security issued by the Issuer in accordance with this Base Prospectus as supplemented by the 
Final Terms, settled at par or indexed to one or more Underlyings. 
Bonds shall have the Nominal Value set out in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the minimum Nominal 
Value of each Bond issued by Exane Finance and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market within the 
European Economic Area (EEA) in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be EUR 1,000 (or, if the Bonds are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
for the euro, a day when the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System known as TARGET 2 (TARGET 2) or any successor system is operating (a 
TARGET 2 Business Day); and/or  
(b) 
for a Settlement Currency other than the euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) when 
the commercial banks and foreign exchange markets perform settlements on the principal 
financial market for this currency; and/or  
(c) 
in the case of a Settlement Currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the Business Centre(s)), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s), or if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centre(s) 
so specified. 
(d) 
for any other reason, a day when the commercial banks are open and the foreign exchange 
markets are operating in Paris.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Business Day Convention means the business day convention specified in the Final Terms and, for Floating 
Rates, as defined by Condition 4(b)(ii). In the absence of specification in the Final Terms, except for the Floating 
Rates, the Business Day Convention will be Following Business Day. 
Calculation Agent means Exane Derivatives or any other person or entity indicated as such in the Final Terms. 
The calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent will be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Holders and may not be challenged in the absence of a manifest 
error. 
Cash Settlement means, with respect to the Bonds, a settlement made in accordance with Condition 5.1(a). 
Certificate of Valid Settlement means a certificate provided by Euroclear France or the Settlement 
Confirmation Agent and testifying that the Securities have been settled. The form of the Certificate of Valid 
Settlement appears in the Base Prospectus 
CMS means the "constant maturity swap" rate for the relevant maturity, as published on the relevant Screen 
Page. 
Coefficient Multiplier means a number, as indicated in the Final Terms. In accordance with Condition 4(h)(i), 
the Rate of Interest is equal to the Floating Rate multiplied by the Coefficient Multiplier. 
Commodity shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.9. 
Company shall have the meaning given thereto in Condition 5.7 or Condition 5.15. 
Currency means the currency in which the Securities are denominated as set out in the Final Terms which, 
subject to compliance with the applicable laws, regulations and directives, may be the Euro, the U.S. Dollar, the 
Pound Sterling, the Swiss Franc, the Yen or any other currency agreed by the Issuer and the Dealer. 
Day Count Fraction means, for the calculation of an interest amount for a Security over any period (beginning 
the first day of this period (including this day) and ending the last day (excluding this day)), whether or not this 
period constitutes an Interest Period (hereinafter the Calculation Period), the number of days defined as 
follows: 
(a) 
if the terms Actual/365 - FBF or Actual/Actual - ISDA or Actual/Actual are specified in the 
Final Terms, this is the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or if 
any portion of this Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in this Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if the terms Actual/Actual - FBF are specified in the Final Terms, this is a fraction in which 
the numerator is the actual number of days in this period and the denominator is 365 (or 366 if 
29 February is included in the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is greater than one 
year, the base is determined as follows: 
• 
the number of full years is counted from the last day of the Calculation Period; 
• 
this number is increased by the fraction over the relevant period, calculated as described in 
the first paragraph of this; 
(c) 
if the term Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the Final Terms, this is the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if the term Actual/360 is specified in the Final Terms, this is the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if the terms 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis are specified in the relevant Final Terms, for each 
Calculation Period, this is a fraction in which the denominator is 360 and the numerator is the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
number of days in this period, calculated over a year of twelve 30-day months, with the 
following exception:  
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number of days in this 
month is the actual number of days,  
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the period commencement date 
D2 (dd², mm², yy²) is the period end date 
The fraction is: 
 
(f) 
if the terms 30/360 - FBF or Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) are specified in the 
Final Terms, for each Calculation Period, this is a fraction in which the denominator is 360 and 
the numerator is the number of days calculated as for the 30E/360 – FBF, with the following 
exception: 
when the last day of the Calculation Period is a 31 and the first is neither a 30 nor a 31, the last month of the 
Calculation Period shall be considered to be a 31-day month; 
using the same definitions as below for 30E/360 - FBF, the fraction is: 
if dd2 = 31 and dd1 ≠ (30, 31), 
then: 
 
(g) 
if the terms Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
A. where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Determination Dates and each a Determination Date) that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
B.  where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the Accrual Period 
begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year. 
(
)
(
)
(
)
(
)


30
 ,
1
dd
Min 
 - 
30
 ,
2
dd
Min 
 
 
30
 
 
1
mm
 - 
2
mm
 
 
360
 
 
1
yy
 - 
2
yy
 
 
360
1
+

+


(
)
(
)
(
)


1
2
1
2
1
2
dd
 - 
dd
 
 
30
 
 
mm
 - 
mm
 
 
360
 
 
yy
- 
 
 
360
1
+

+

yy

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
(viii) if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities, the number 
of days in the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(i) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Securities 
are Variable Rate Securities, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number is 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(j) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30. 
Debt Instrument shall have the meaning given thereto in Condition 5.15. All related expressions must be 
construed accordingly. 
"Dual Currency Exchange Rate" means an exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) and 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, an exchange rate expressed as X/Y 
means the number of units (or part units) of Y for which one unit of X can be exchanged. 
Dynamic Portfolio shall have the meaning given thereto in Condition 5.16. 
Early Settlement Amount means in relation to each Securities, the fair market value of the relevant Security 
and/or the amount of Underlyings to Deliver, based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of 
determination and, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, adjusted to 
account fully for any reasonable Unwind Costs, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Eligible Financial Instruments mean the financial securities as defined in article L. 211-1 of the French 
monetary and financial code, including but not limited French or foreign transferable securities traded on a 
regulated market, shares or units in collective investment undertakings as defined in article L. 214-1 of the 
French monetary and financial code, or any other financial instrument as specified in the Final Terms. 
Exane Guarantee means the first demand guarantee issued by Exane Derivatives pursuant to Article 2321 of the 
French civil code in favour of the Holders of Securities with respect to (en considération de) the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Securities pursuant to this Programme. The form (Conditions of the First Demand 
Guarante of Exane Derivatives) of the Exane Guarantee appears in the Base Prospectus. 
Exchange shall have the meaning ascribed thereto for each Underlying in Conditions 5.7 to 5.15. 
Exchange Business Day shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Conditions 5.7, 5.8, 5.9, 5.10, 5.11, 5.12, 
5.15 and 5.16. For the purpose of the hereof definition, “Fund Business Day” used in Condition 5.10 will mean 
“Exchange Business Day”. 
Exchange Business Day (All Multi Underlyings Basis) means an Exchange Business Day (as such term is 
defined for each Underlying specified in the relevant Final Terms) for each Underlying of the Bond when 
relating to a Basket of Multi Underlyings. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Multi Underlying Basis) means an Exchange Business Day (as such term is 
defined for each Underlying) for an Underlying of the Bond when relating to a Basket of Multi Underlyings. 
Exchange Rate shall have the meaning given thereto in Condition 5.13. 
Ex-Date means, for a specific Interest Payment Date, the date defined as such in the Final Terms, as from which 
no Interest will be due to a Holder for all negotiation of Securities after that date.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
FBF Definitions means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules as published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française and as amended, if applicable, on the Issue Date. Where an issue of Securities uses these 
definitions, they may be obtained from the Calculation Agent. 
Final Settlement Amount means, in respect of a Security, the settlement amount in cash and/or, if applicable 
the quantity of Underlyings to which each Security gives entitlement at the time of its settlement determined, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms and, 
if applicable, in accordance with one of the Pay-Off Formulas. 
Fixed Pledge Value means the fixed value of the Pledge as defined in the Final Terms, as the case may be.  
Fixed Rate means the fixed interest rate specified in the Final Terms. 
Floating Rate means the variable rate EURIBOR or LIBOR as defined in Condition 4.2 (C) (iii) (or, in the event 
that EURIBOR or LIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate as the financial industry 
shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate for EURIBOR or LIBOR for a currency, as applicable), or 
CMS, as indicated in the Final Terms 
Floating Rate Business Day means that when this term is used in conjunction with the term “Business Day 
Convention” the business day convention as defined by Condition 4.(b).(ii). 
Following Business Day means that, when this term is used in conjunction with the term "Business Day 
Convention", any date which falls on a day which is not a Business Day shall be postponed to the first following 
Business Day. 
Formal Demand means the notice by which the Representative formally demandes to the Issuer, execution of 
the obligation of payement within the limit of the Secured Debt regarding a Security having the benefit of a 
pledging of securities account. The form of the Formal Demand to the Issuer appears in the Base Prospectus. 
Fund Unit shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.10. 
Fund Unit means shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.10. 
Futures Contract shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.11. 
Hedging Party means the Issuer and/or any other entity of the Exane group (including Exane Derivatives) in 
relation to hedging operations linked to the issue of the Securities. 
Holder means each person (i) whose account with a relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary is credited with 
a specific number of Securities in the case of Securities in bearer form, (ii) whose name appears in the account of 
an account custodian designated by said person in the case of administered Securities, and (iii) whose name is 
listed in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registrar in the case of Securities held in an account with the Issuer. 
Independent Expert means an independent expert appointed by the Calculation Agent. 
Index(Indices) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Conditions 5. 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable as defined in Condition 4.9, determined in accordance 
with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms and, if so specified, in accordance with one of the Pay-Off 
Formulas. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Securities or any other date that may be indicated in 
the Final Terms.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to an Rate of Interest and an Interest Period, the date defined 
as such in the Final Terms or, if no date is specified, (i) the date that is two TARGET 2 Business Days prior to 
the first day of said Interest Period if the Settlement Currency is the euro, or (ii) the first day of said Interest 
Period if the Settlement Currency is the Pound Sterling, or (iii) if the Settlement Currency is neither the Pound 
Sterling nor the euro, the date in the city indicated in the Final Terms that is two Business Days prior to the first 
day of said Interest Period. 
Interest Payment Date means the date or dates indicated in the Final Terms, subject to the applicable Business 
Day Convention. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on the Interest Commencement Date (inclusive) and ending on the 
first Interest Payment Date (exclusive) as well as each following period beginning on an Interest Payment Date 
(inclusive) and ending on the following Interest Payment Date (exclusive). 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Associations, Inc., and as amended, if applicable, on the Issue Date. Where an issue of Securities uses these 
definitions, they may be obtained from the Calculation Agent. 
ISIN Code(s) means the International Securities Identification Number code of the Securities or, as the case may 
be, of an Underlying, specified as such in the applicable provision of the applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Date means the date indicated as such in the Final Terms. 
Issue Price means the price on the basis on which the Securities may be issued (expressed either (i) a percentage 
of the Nominal Value or (ii) an amount in currency of each Security) agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer 
and as specified in the Final Terms. 
Issue Size means in respect of a Series or a Tranche the size of the issue specified in the Final Terms and 
expressed in nominal or unit (number of Securities)  
Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge means the document appearing in the Base Prospectus allowing for 
the enforcement of the Pledge. 
Interbank Rate means the interbank overnight rate in the Specified Currency, as defined in the Final Terms. 
Listed Option(s) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.12. 
Management Company shall have the meaning given thereto in Condition 5.10. 
Margin means the percentage that must be added or deducted from the Floating Rate in order to calculate the 
Rate of Interest in accordance with Condition 4(h) of the Final Terms. 
Maturity Date means the date indicated as such in the Final Terms. 
Minimum Trading Number means the minimum trading amount of Securities specified in the Final Terms. 
Minimum Pledge Value means the minimum value of the Pledge on each Pledge Calculation Date as defined in 
the Final Terms, as the case may be. 
Modified Following Business Day means that, when this term is used in conjunction with the term "Business 
Day Convention", any date which falls on a day which is not a Business Day shall be postponed to the first 
following Business Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day. 
Moody's means the ratings agency Moody's Investors Service Inc. and any successor thereof.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Multi Underlyings means a Bond indexed on similar type of Underlyings or a combinaison of Underlyings, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Multi Underlyings means a Security indexed on similar type of Underlyings or a combinaison of Underlyings, 
as specified 
Nominal Value means the nominal value assigned to the Securities in the Final Terms, subject to compliance 
with the applicable laws, regulations and directives. 
Optional Settlement Amount means the fair market value of the relevant Security and/or the quantity of 
Underlyings to be delivered on the Optional Settlement Date, determined by the Calculation Agent or the amount 
determined in accordance with one of the Pay-Off Formulas, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Option Threshold Trigger means (i) the applicable ratio between the outstanding number of Bonds and the 
Issue Size as provided in the Final Terms which may trigger an optional settlement by the Issuer of the Bonds or 
(ii) the applicable amount expressed in the currency as provided in the Final Terms which may trigger an 
optional settlement by the Issuer of the Bonds. In the absence of such provision, the Option Threshold Trigger 
shall be deemed to be the applicable ratio equal to or lower than 10% of the Issue Size. 
Partial Settlement means that in the case of a partial settlement or partial exercise by the Issuer of its settlement 
option at the Issuer’s discretion, such a settlement shall be effected by reduction of the Nominal Value of the 
Bonds in proportion to the nominal amount paid. 
Physical Settlement means, with respect to the Bonds, a settlement made in accordance with Condition 5.1(b). 
 
Pledge means, for each relevant Series of Securities, the pledging of securities account pursuant to Article L. 
211-20 and Articles D. 211-20 and following of the Monetary and Financial Code given by Exane Derivatives as 
Pledgor. 
Pledgee means Exane Derivatives, the initial subscriber of the Securities described in the Final Terms, residing 
at 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France, as well as any subsequent Holder of one or more Securities (i) whose 
name appears in the books of an Accredited Financial Intermediary (i.e., any financial institution authorised to 
hold accounts in the name of its clients on Euroclear France or in the books of any other depositary nominated in 
the Final Terms (such as SIX SIS SA in Switzerland), including the current depositary bank of Clearstream 
Banking, a joint stock company, or any bank that may succeed it in this capacity, and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as 
operator of the Euroclear system) with Euroclear France, in the case of bearer or administered registered 
Securities, or (ii) whose name appears in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registrar in the case of Securities in 
pure registered form. 
Pledged Account means, for each Pledge, the financial instruments account pledged, the references of which 
appear in the Statement of Pledge. 
Pledged Account Custodian means BNP Paribas Securities Services or any other Pledged Account Custodian 
indicated in the Final Terms pursuant to Condition 3.3E and 13.3. 
Pledgor means Exane Derivatives, holder of the Pledged Account, in its capacity as constituent of the Pledge. 
Pledge Calculation Date means the date referred to in the Final Terms. 
Preceding Business Day means that, when this term is used in conjunction with the term "Business Day 
Convention", any date is not a Business Day so that this date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
Price Source shall have the meaning given thereto in Condition 5.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Quantity of Eligible Financial Instruments means the number of Eligible Financial Instruments in the Pledged 
Account, as defined in the Final Terms, as the case may be.  
Reference Banks means the five major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
relevant rate (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant rate, shall be the euro-zone). 
Reference Date means, for any Security, the date on which the amount still due on the relevant Securities is paid 
in full. 
Reference Date for the Holder means the date as specified in the Final Terms and as from which the Holder 
may exercise its settlement option at the Holder’s discretion as detailed in Conditions 5.5 
Reference Date for the Issuer means the date as specified in the Final Terms and as from which the Issuer may 
exercise its settlement option at the Issuer’s discretion as detailed in Conditions 5.4. 
Reference Financial Market means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is 
most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone, and in the case of LIBOR, 
shall be London) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
Reference Market shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.8. 
Reference Time means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Reference 
Financial Market specified in the relevant Final Terms or if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the 
Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose "local time" means, with 
respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre 11:00 a.m (Brussels time). 
Registrar means the establishment specified as such in the Final Terms, which may be responsible, in the case 
of Securities held in an account with the Issuer, for keeping the register in which Holders are recorded on behalf 
of the Issuer. 
Related Exchange shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Conditions 5.7, 5.8, 5.9, 5.10, 5.15 and 5.16. 
Relevant Rate means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Currency for a period (if applicable or 
appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Representative Amount means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen 
Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
or if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
Share(s) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.7. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Multi Underlyings Basis) means a Scheduled Trading Day (as such term is 
defined for each Underlying specified in the relevant Final Terms) for each Underlying of the Bond when 
relating to a Basket of Multi Underlyings. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Multi Underlying Basis) means a Scheduled Trading Day (as such term is 
defined for each Underlying) for an Underlying of the Bond when relating to a Basket of Multi Underlyings. 
Screen Page means the reference page of the quotation source as set out in the Final Terms, except for Bonds in 
respect of which a specific definition is provided in Condition 5.15.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Secured Debt means each payment obligation and liability as described in the Final Terms, whether present or 
future, actual, contingent or owed jointly or severally (or any other capacity whatsoever), secured by the Pledge, 
within the limits of the mark to market of the Securities without Issuer spread. 
Securities mean the Bonds. 
Settlement Amount means the Final Settlement Amount, the Early Settlement Amount, the Optional Settlement 
Amount, the Automatic Early Settlement Amount and/or the Interest Amount. 
Settlement Confirmation Agent means BNP Paribas Securities Services or any other person or entity indicated 
as such in the Final Terms. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as set out in the Final Terms and used for the payment of 
any amount in respect of the Securities or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Securities are 
denominated. Any amount not denominated in the Settlement Currency and used to pay any amount in respect of 
the Securities shall be converted into the Settlement Currency using the Dual Currency Exchange Rate (the Dual 
Currency Bonds). 
Settlement Date means, as the case may be, the Maturity Date, the settlement date for an Early Settlement, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Date, the Optional Settlement Date or if on of these dates is not a Business Day, the 
following Business Day. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency in which 
the Securities are denominated. 
Specified Duration means with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate 
Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Period, ignoring any adjustment. 
Specified Period means the period defined as such in the Final Terms. 
Sponsor shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.8. 
Statement of Pledge means each statement of pledging of securities account signed by the Pledgor for the 
constitution of each Pledge. The form of the Statement of Pledge appears in the Base Prospectus. 
 
Substitution shall have the meaning given thereto for each Underlying in Conditions 5.7 to 5.15. 
Substitute Underlying means a Substitute Share, a Substitute Index, a Substitute Fund Unit, a Substitute 
Futures Contract, a Substitute Debt Instrument, a Substitute Exchange Rate, a Substitute Reference Rate a 
Substitute Listed Option or a Substitute Commodity. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Tranche(s) means Securities which are identical in all respect except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Date(s) and/or Issue Size and constitutes together with the first Tranche and any further 
Tranche(s) of Securities a Series. 
Valuation Date means, for a Bond (other than a Bond linked to a Fund or Fund Basket where Valuation Date 
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 5.10), the date or dates specified in the Final Terms, or if 
such date(s) is(are) not a Exchange Business Day, the following Exchange Business Day. For the sake of clarity, 
any Optional Valuation Date, Averaging Valuation Date, Daily Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, or any 
other valuation date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
Valuation Time shall have the meaning ascribed thereto for each Underlying in Conditions 5.7 to 5.16. 
Underlying means a Share, an Index, an Fund Unit, a Futures Contract, an Exchange Rate, an Reference Rate, a 
Debt Instrument, a Listed Option, a Commodity or a Dynamic Portfolio.  
 
Unwind Costs means any reasonable expenses or costs to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying and/or related 
hedging and funding arrangements (including, without limitation, any options, swaps or other instruments of any 
type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Securities). 
2. TYPE, FORM, NOMINAL VALUE, TITLE, TRANSFER AND REDENOMINATION 
2.1  Type 
The Securities issued pursuant to the Programme are Bonds. 
2.2 Form 
At the Issuer's discretion, the Dematerialised Securities admitted to the operations of a central depositary, 
whether or not admitted to trading on a regulated market, may be (a) in bearer form, registered as of the issue 
date on the books of Euroclear France, as central depositary, or in the books of any other depositary which will 
be brought to the knowledge of the Holders, which will credit the accounts of the relevant Accredited Financial 
Intermediaries, including Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as operator of the Euroclear System and the depositary bank 
for Clearstream Banking, a joint stock company (société anonyme), or any bank that may subsequently assume 
this function or in the books of any other depositary nominated in the Final Terms (such as SIX SIS SA in 
Switzerland) (b) in registered form and, in this case, either in an account with the Issuer or in an administered 
account as described in the Conditions, at the discretion of the Holder. 
The Securities shall be issued solely in book-entry form and title to the Securities will be evidenced in 
accordance with articles L. 211-3 and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French monetary and financial code. No physical 
document of title (including representative certificates (certificats représentatifs) pursuant to article R. 211-7 of 
the French monetary and financial code) will be issued in respect of the Securities.  
2.3 Nominal value 
The Securities shall have Nominal Value as set out in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum 
Nominal Value of each Bond issued by Exane Finance and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market within the 
EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €1,000 (or, if the Bonds are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
2.4 Title and transfer of the securities 
Title of Securities in bearer form and in administered registered form shall be transferred only by recording the 
transfer in the accounts of the relevant Accredited Financial Intermediary or Intermediaries, in accordance with 
the rules, regulations, and operating procedures of Euroclear France and/or (as applicable) the relevant 
Accredited Financial Intermediary or Intermediaries. Title of Securities held in an account with the Issuer shall 
be transferred only by recording the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registrar. 
If the Securities are admitted to a settlement-delivery system or a depositary other than Euroclear France, the 
transfer of ownership in the Securities shall take place in accordance with the rules of such system or depositary.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Subject to a legal ruling issued by a competent court or applicable legal provisions, the Holder of any Security 
shall be deemed, in any circumstance, to be the sole and unique owner, whether or not said Security is due, 
irrespective of any declaration of ownership, of any right to said Security, and no one shall incur liability for 
having considered the holder to be the owner.  
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent shall consider each Holder as the true owner of this number of 
Securities for all purposes, notwithstanding any notices to the contrary, and the expressions "holder(s) of 
securities", "bearer(s) of Securities", "holder", "bearer", "owner (s) of Securities", "owner" and all related terms 
shall be accordingly construed.  
2.5 Forced transfer at option of the issuer upon void transfer or other disposition 
Any transfer or other disposition of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Security to: 
(A) a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S of the Securities Act; or 
(B) a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act 
of 1936, as amended, or any rule, guidance or order proposed or issued by the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the CFTC) thereunder (including but not limited to any person who is not a “Non-United States 
person” under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) (excluding for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv)(D) the exception for 
qualified eligible persons who are not “Non-United States persons”)); (any such person or account, a Non-
Permitted Transferee),  
will be void ab initio and of no legal effect whatsoever. Accordingly, any purported transferee of any legal or 
beneficial ownership interest in a Security in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or 
beneficial owner of such interest in such Security.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, the Issuer shall give notice to the relevant Paying 
Agent and shall have the right at any time after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial ownership interest in 
a Security is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee to require such Non-Permitted Transferee to sell such interest 
to (a) an affiliate of the Issuer (to the extent permitted by applicable law) or (b) a person who is not a Non-
Permitted Transferee, in each case, at a price equal to the lesser of (x) the purchase price paid for such interest by 
such Non-Permitted Transferee, (y) the principal amount of such interest and (z) the fair market value of such 
interest, less any costs or expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with such sale. 
2.6 Redenominations  
The Issuer may (if this is specified in the Final Terms), on any date, without the consent of the Holder of any 
Security, and by notifying him in accordance with Condition 13 at least thirty days in advance, as of the date on 
which the Member State of the European Union whose currency is the currency in which the Securities are 
denominated becomes a Member State participating in the third phase of the Economic and Monetary Union 
introduced on 1 January 1999 (as defined in the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended (the 
Treaty)) or events that may substantially have the same effect occur (in each case, EMU), redenominate in 
Euros all, and not just a portion of the Securities of each Series, and make the adjustments necessary on the 
amount in principal and/or the Nominal Value indicated in the Final Terms, as more broadly described below. 
The date on which this redenomination becomes effective shall be defined in these Conditions as being the 
Redenomination Date.  
(i) 
Unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the redenomination of Securities in accordance with (i) 
above shall be effected by converting the issue size and the nominal value of each Security denominated 
in the relevant national currency into Euros by using the fixed conversion rate for this national currency 
and the euro as established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to article 123 (4) of the 
Treaty, and by rounding off the resulting number to the nearest euro cent (0.005 euro is rounded up to the 
next euro cent). If the Issuer so decides, the figure resulting from the conversion of the issue size and of

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
the nominal value of each Security after applying the fixed conversion rate between the relevant national 
currency and the euro may be rounded down to the nearest euro. The issue size and the nominal value of 
the Securities in Euros determined in this way must be notified to Holders in accordance with Condition 
13. Any balance resulting from the redenomination of a value greater than 0.01 euro must be paid with a 
cash balance rounded off to the nearest euro cent (0.005 euro will be rounded up to the next euro cent). 
Such a cash balance shall be payable in Euros on the Redenomination Date using the method notified by 
the Issuer to the relevant Holders.  
(ii) 
Following a redenomination of Securities, any reference herein to the relevant national currency shall be 
interpreted as being a reference to the euro.  
(iii) 
Unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, pursuant to a redenomination in 
accordance with this Condition, and without the consent of the Holder of any Security, make any changes 
or additions to these Conditions, taking into consideration market practice with respect to debt securities 
issued on the euromarket and denominated in Euros, which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests 
of these Holders. Unless in the event of a blatant error, all such changes or additions shall be enforceable 
against Holders and shall be notified to the relevant Holders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable.  
(iv) 
Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent shall be liable to the Holder of any Security or any other person 
for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses for, or resulting from, a credit or transfer in Euros, or from 
the conversion of any currency and the rounding off performed in this context.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
3. STATUS, EXANE GUARANTEE, ADDITIONAL GUARANTEE AND RATING  
3.1  Status of the securities 
The Securities constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that shall rank 
equally (pari passu) with each other and with all other direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, both present and future (subject to such exceptions from time to time exist under applicable law).  
3.2  Exane guarantee 
The Guarantor has independently, unconditionally and irrevocably granted a first demand guarantee pursuant to 
Article 2321 of the French civil code in favour of the Holders of Securities with respect to (en considération de) 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Securities. Such Exane Guarantee given by the Guarantor on the Securities 
shall constitute a direct, unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor and shall rank equally (pari passu) with its 
other direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, both present and future (with the exception of 
preferred obligations under the law). 
The form of this Exane Guarantee is provided in the Base Prospectus.  
 
3.3  Additional guarantee for certain issues in the form of a pledging of securities account  
A. Creation of the Pledge 
The Holders of certain Series of Securities may benefit from an additional guarantee in the form of a pledging of 
securities account in accordance with article L. 211-20 and articles D. 211-10 et seq. of the French monetary and 
financial code.  
A separate financial instruments account shall be opened with the relevant Pledged Account Custodian and 
pledged for each Series of Securities for which the Final Terms specify that such Securities benefit from this 
additional guarantee.  
The condition and the basis of the Pledge of each Security shall be specified in the Final Terms.  
The Pledge is made, both between the Pledgor and the relevant Holder and with respect to any third party, when 
a Statement of Pledge is signed by the Pledgor. The Statement of Pledge for a relevant Series of Securities shall 
be provided in the Final Terms for the issue of such Series of Securities. The Holders of these Securities shall 
benefit from a joint right to the Pledged Account for each Series. This Pledge shall benefit each Holder of the 
relevant Securities. Each Holder concerned shall thus benefit, pursuant to the above-mentioned article L.211-20, 
from a lien (droit de retention) on the financial instruments and amounts in any currency contained in the 
Pledged Account.  
Each relevant Holder may obtain an Acknowledgement of Pledge, at any moment upon request sent to the 
Pledged Account Custodian. 
Each Pledged Account may be credited with Eligible Financial Instruments or amounts in any currency which 
are the distributions and proceeds (fruits et produits) of Eligible Financial Instruments. The Pledgor is entitled to 
substitute, in whole or in part, other Eligible Financial Instruments of at least equivalent value for the Eligible 
Financial Instruments pledged.  
If a security, unit or share of collective investment schemes, or financial instrument recorded in the Pledged 
Account no longer fulfils the characteristics of the Eligible Financial Instruments, the Pledgor shall, as soon as it 
is aware of this fact, replace said security, unit or share of collective investment schemes or financial instrument

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
within two (2) Business Days with Eligible Financial Instruments or amounts in any currencies (which are the 
distributions and proceeds (fruits et produits) of Eligible Financial Instruments) of at least equal value. Any 
failure by the Pledgor to execute this obligation to replace a security, unit or share of collective investment 
schemes or financial instrument shall be notified to the Holders by the Pledged Account Custodian within five 
(5) Business Days after it occurs, in accordance with Condition 13. 
B. Adjustment of the Pledge value 
On each Pledge Calculation Date until the release of the Pledge, the Pledged Account Custodian must determine 
the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies (which are the proceeds of Eligible 
Financial Instruments) in the Pledged Account. If, on a Pledge Calculation Date, this total value is less than the 
Minimum Pledge Value or the Fixed Pledge Value, as set out in the Final Terms, the Pledged Account Custodian 
must inform the Pledgor no later than the Business Day following such determination.  
The Pledgor shall then be required, no later than two (2) Business Days after receipt of the notice from the 
Pledged Account Custodian, to credit the Pledged Account with the number of Eligible Financial Instruments or 
amounts necessary so that the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies in the 
Pledged Account is at least equal to the Minimum Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge Value. Any failure by the 
Pledgor to execute this obligation to adjust the value of the Pledge shall be notified to the Holders by the Pledged 
Account Custodian within five (5) Business Days after it occurs, in accordance with Condition 13. 
Conversely, if, on any Pledge Calculation Date, the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all 
currencies in the Pledged Account is greater than the Minimum Pledge Value or the Fixed Pledge Value, the 
Pledged Account Custodian must so inform the Pledgor no later than the Business Day following such 
determination, and shall send the Pledgor a partial release of the Pledge equal to the corresponding value, so as 
to allow the Pledgor to bring the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies in the 
Pledged Account to the Minimum Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge Value. This release shall take the form of a 
certificate from the Pledged Account Custodian. The Pledgor shall inform the Pledged Account Custodian, no 
later than the following Business Day, of the financial instruments or amounts that it wishes to receive in order 
to bring the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account to the 
level of the Minimum Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge Value. However, the Pledgor may no longer benefit from 
allotments once a Holder has transmitted to the Pledgor a Formal Demand as described in (C) below.  
For the purposes of this paragraph (B), a notice received no later than 4:00 p.m. Paris time on a Business Day 
shall take effect the same day. A notice received after 4:00 p.m. Paris time shall take effect on the following 
Business Day.  
C. 
Enforcement of the Pledge 
The Representative acting on behalf of the Masse of the Holders holding a certain, liquid, due and payable debt 
may enforce the Pledge in the amount of his Secured Debt plus enforcement costs, eight (8) calendar days after 
the Formal Demand provided in the Base Prospectus and sent to the Issuer by registered letter, with copies to the 
Pledgor and the Pledged Account Custodian, has remained unanswered. In order to request the enforcement of 
the Pledge, each relevant Representative must send an Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge in the form 
provided in the Base Prospectus to the Pledged Account Custodian by registered letter.  
The Pledge shall then be enforced, for each relevant Security, or when relevant, for the relevant amounts, up to 
the limit of the Secured Debt, pursuant to applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with paragraphs (a), 
(b) and (c) below and the common procedure described in paragraph (d) below: 
(a) 
Enforcement process - Financial securities eligible to direct attribution 
Pursuant to articles L. 211-20-V et D. 211-12 of the French monetary and financial code, for French or foreign 
securities traded on a regulated market, the enforcement will take place, for each financial security, within the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
limits of the Secured Debt, by allotment with full ownership on the basis of the last available closing price on the 
regulated market on the Exchange Business Day preceding the allotment date;  
For units or shares of collective investment schemes as defined by article L.214-1 of the French monetary and 
financial code, the enforcement will take place, for each financial security, within the limits of the Secured Debt, 
by allotment with full ownership on the basis of the last available valuation of such units or shares on the 
Business Day preceding the allotment date. 
(b) 
Enforcement process - Financial securities not eligible to direct attribution 
For securities other than financial securities eligible to direct attribution (described in paragraph (a) above), the 
enforcement of the Pledge, will take place, for each financial security, within the limits of the Secured Debt, by 
request for ownership to the benefit of the Pledgee pursuant to article 2348 of the French civil code. 
The enforcement of the Pledge pursuant to article 2348 of the Civil Code will be performed as follows: 
(i) 
the foreclosure (attribution) of the financial securities will take place three calendar days following 
the mailing of the Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge from the Representative to the Pledgor 
and Pledged Account Custodian (the “Foreclosure Date”);  
(ii) 
he Pledgor and the Representative must appoint an expert as described below and in accordance 
with article 1843-4 of the French civil code to determine the value of the financial securities as of 
the Foreclosure Date (the “Enforcement Value”): 
(A) the expert will be an institution specialising in the valuation of shares designated by the Pledgor and 
the Representative;  
(B) if the Pledgor and the Representative fails to designate an expert within seven (7) calendar days, the 
Pledgor will request the President of the Paris Commercial Court (Tribunal de commerce de Paris) 
acting by way of summary proceedings (en la forme des référés) to appoint an expert among 
international and independent auditing firms. The decision of the President of the Paris Commercial 
Court will be final; 
(iii) 
the expert will be in charge of determining the Enforcement Value on the Foreclosure Date;  
(iv) 
the valuation made by the expert appointed under Paragraph (ii) above will be final and binding on 
the Pledgor and Representative; and 
(v) 
if the sum of the Enforcement Value and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account are 
higher than the outstanding amount of the Secured Debt on the date of the enforcement of the 
Pledge, then the excess shall be returned to the Pledgor. 
 
(b) 
 Enforcement process – Amounts in currency 
For amounts in any currency in the Pledged Account, the enforcement of the pledge will be performed directly 
by transfer with full ownership to the Pledgee.  
(c) 
Enforcement process – Common process 
Enforcement shall be performed by the Pledged Account Custodian by first allotting to each relevant Pledgee in 
priority order French or foreign transferable securities traded on a regulated market or units or shares in 
collective investment undertakings. The number of French or foreign transferable securities traded on a regulated 
market or units or shares in collective investment undertakings to be allotted shall be calculated so that each 
Secured Debt can receive an equal number of French or foreign transferable securities traded on a regulated 
market or units or shares in collective investment undertakings recorded in the Pledged Account at the time the 
Pledged Account Custodian receives the first Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge in the form provided in

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
the Base Prospectus. Fractional French or foreign transferable securities traded on a regulated market or units or 
shares in collective investment undertakings, if any, shall be paid by allotting to each relevant Pledgee amounts 
in any currency recorded in the Pledged Account.  
Neither the Pledged Account Custodian nor the Pledgee shall incur any liability with respect to the Pledgor or 
any third party as the result of an order for enforcement or the price at which the Pledge is enforced. The costs 
for enforcing the Pledge shall be borne by the Pledgor and shall be charged against the proceeds from this 
enforcement.  
In the event that the financial instruments and/or amounts recorded in the Pledged Account are denominated in a 
currency different from the currency of the Secured Debt, the foreign exchange rate that shall be applied to 
value, attribute or transfer the Pledge shall be the reference foreign exchange rate of the European Central Bank 
as it is available at 11.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the European Central Bank's website on the date of the operation 
planned or, if no quotation is possible on this date, the first available quotation that follows.  
The Exane Guarantee and the Pledge constitute independent guarantees under French law. Each of them may be 
enforced once the debt has become certain, liquid, due and payable, in accordance with their respective terms. 
The Holder may elect whether to enforce the Exane Guarantee and/or the Pledge. In the case the Pledge is not 
sufficient in order to cover the amounts due in respect of the Secured Debt, the Holders will continue to be able 
to claim against the Guarantor the unpaid amount. 
D. Enforcement – insolvency and bankruptcy of the Issuer 
Pursuant to Articles L. 211-36 et seq. of the French monetary and financial code, depending on the legal status of 
the relevant Holder(s) and the nature of the relevant Secured Debt, the relevant Pledgee may benefit from the 
French financial collateral regime which implements in France the EUR Directive no. 2002/47/EC of 6 June, 
2002 on financial collateral arrangements and its right to enforce its Pledge may be protected against the effets of 
the insolvency proceedings opened against the Issuer under Book VI of the French commercial code.  
Under this French financial collateral regime, a pledge would be enforceable according to its terms even in the 
event that the debtor is subject to an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding under Book VI of the French 
commercial code, provided that: 
(i) at least one parties to the guaranteed transactions is an eligible entity in the meaning of Article L. 211-36-I-1° 
of the French monetary and financial code, such as a credit institution or an investment services provider (as it is 
the case for Exane Finance) and the Secured Debt constitutes an obligation resulting from transactions on 
financial instruments (opérations sur instruments financiers), or  
(ii) both parties to the guaranteed transactions are eligible entities in the meaning of Article L. 211-36-I-2° of the 
French monetary and financial code and the Secured Debt constitutes a financial obligation resulting from a 
transaction giving right to cash settlement or delivery of financial instruments.  
In addition, pursuant to Article L. 211-38-I, paragraph 2 of the French monetary and financial code, the pledge 
benefitting from the French financial collateral regime may be granted by another entity than the debtor itself. 
E. Partial or total release of the Pledge 
Upon settlement by the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, or a Security is cancelled or redeemed by the 
Issuer (following a market purchase, a public offer, or in any other manner), the Pledgor may obtain a total or 
partial release, as applicable, of the Pledge. This release shall take the form of a Certificate of Valid Settlement 
(attestation de bonne fin de règlement) to be delivered by Euroclear France or the relevant Settlement 
Confirmation Agent, indicating that each relevant Security has been settled in full in favour of the account 
custodians for the beneficiaries, the list of which has been provided to it by the Principal Paying Agent, or 
cancelled by the Issuer.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
The Pledgor must provide the Certificate of Valid Settlement from Euroclear France or from the relevant 
Settlement Confirmation Agent to the Pledged Account Custodian. Once this certificate has been provided to the 
relevant Pledged Account Custodian, the Pledgor may freely dispose of all, or only part, as applicable, of the 
financial instruments or amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account. The partial release of the Pledge will 
allow the Pledgor to bring the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies in the 
Pledged Account to the Minimum Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge Value.  
The relevant Pledged Account Custodian shall ensure that the settlement to be made by delivery of securities by 
the Issuer, or the Guarantor if applicable, equals the Settlement Amount indicated in the Final Terms. In the 
event of a disagreement on this amount for more than one Business Day between the Pledged Account Custodian 
and the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent must designate a leading bank or investment bank on the 
interbank market (or, if applicable, on the money market, the swaps market, or the over the counter market for 
index options), excluding any member of the Exane group, whichever is most suitable for the calculations to be 
made, so that said bank performs the required calculation. The amount determined by this bank may not be 
disputed by the Calculation Agent, the relevant Pledged Account Custodian, or any other person. Upon payment 
of the amount calculated by this bank, the Pledged Account Custodian may obtain the necessary release.  
E. Minimum rating of the Pledged Account Custodian  
The Pledged Account Custodian (or if the Pledged Account Custodian is not rated, the company that holds at 
least 95% of the shares of the Pledged Account Custodian (the Parent Company)) must at any time have its 
unsubordinated short-term debt rated at least P-1 by Moody's, and its long-term unsubordinated debt rated at 
least Aa3 by Moody's. If the short or long-term unsubordinated debt of the Pledged Account Custodian or the 
Parent Company is rated below P-1 or Aa3 respectively by Moody's, or if the Pledged Account Custodian or the 
Parent Company has no rating on its unsubordinated debt from Moody's, the Pledgor must choose another 
Pledged Account Custodian, which must at any time have its unsubordinated short-term debt rated at least P-1 by 
Moody's and its unsubordinated long-term debt rated at least Aa3 by Moody's, immediately after the occurrence 
of such an event. All Pledged Accounts existing at the time of the designation of the new Pledged Account 
Custodian must then be transferred immediately to the new Pledged Account Custodian. 
Any change in Pledged Account Custodian shall be notified to the Holders and to Moody's, if applicable, in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
The Pledged Account is located in France.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
4. INTEREST 
The Bonds may be Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, Zero Coupon Securities, Partly Paid 
Securities or Securities linked to an Underlying(s), as specified in the Final Terms. For the purpose of this 
Condition 4, any reference to "Interest Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or the Floating Coupon Amount (each as defined below) when the context requires. 
(a) Fixed rate interest 
The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of fixed coupon amount (the 
Fixed Coupon Amount) and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4(a) for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Securities. 
 
In the case of Bonds which are offered to the public and the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined by 
reference to a percentage to be published by the Issuer on its website (www.exane.com/exaneissues), the 
applicable Final Terms will specify an indicative value, a minimum value and will indicate the date of 
publication thereof. 
Each Bond giving entitlement to a remuneration calculated on the basis of a Fixed Rate shall bear interest 
calculated on its Nominal Value from the Interest Commencement Date, at an annual rate (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest as specified in the Final Terms; this interest shall be payable in arrears 
on each Interest Payment Date as specified in the Final Terms and up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on such 
date will amount the Fixed Coupon Amount as specified in the Final Terms. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount the Broken Amount (the Broken 
Amount). 
(b) Floating rate interest  
The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of floating coupon amount (the 
Floating Coupon Amount) and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4(b) for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Securities. 
 
In the case of Bonds which are offered to the public and the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined by 
reference to a percentage to be published by the Issuer on its website (www.exane.com/exaneissues), the 
applicable Final Terms will specify an indicative value, a minimum value and will indicate the date of 
publication thereof. 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Security giving entitlement to a yield calculated on the basis of a Floating Rate shall bear interest 
calculated on its Nominal Value at an annual rate (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are indicated in the Final 
Terms as being the Interest Payment Date(s) or, if no Interest Payment Date is indicated in the Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date at the end of the number of months or at the end of another period 
defined in the Final Terms as the Specified Period occurring after the preceding Interest Payment Day and, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.  
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
When a date indicated in these Conditions, assumed to be adjusted in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention, does not fall on a Business Day, and when the applicable Business Day Convention is (A) Floating 
Rate Business Day , this date shall be postponed to the following Business Day, unless that day falls in the

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
following month, in which case (x) the date used shall be brought forward to the Business Day immediately 
preceding that day, and (y) any subsequent due date shall be set on the last Business Day of the month in which 
this due date should have fallen in the absence of such adjustments; (B) the Following Business Day , this date 
shall be postponed to the following Business Day; (C) the Modified Following Business Day , this date shall be 
postponed to the following Business Day, unless that day falls in the following month, in which case that date 
will be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or (D) the Preceding Business Day , this 
date will then be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding the above, the relevant Business Day Convention shall be applied 
on an "unadjusted" basis and the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of 
such Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Method of determination of the Interest Amount 
This Rate of Interest applicable for each Interest Period shall be determined in accordance with the stipulations 
below concerning the ISDA Determination, the FBF Determination or the Screen Rate Determination that shall 
apply, based on the option defined in the Final Terms.  
 
(a) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to each Interest Period must be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, plus or minus, as applicable (as specified in the Final 
Terms), the Margin (if any).  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction governed by a 2002 
Master Agreement of the International Swaps and Derivative Association, Inc. (ISDA), supplemented by ISDA 
Definitions under the terms of which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is that indicated in the Final Terms;  
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (I) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the London 
interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") or on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") (or, in the 
event that EURIBOR or LIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate as the 
financial industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate for EURIBOR or LIBOR for a 
currency, as applicable), the first day of that Interest Period, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definition. 
(b) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to each Interest Period must be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate, plus or minus, as applicable (as specified in the Final 
Terms), the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), the FBF Rate for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction governed by the FBF Definitions under the terms of which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is that indicated in the Final Terms; and

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(ii)  
the Floating Rate Determination Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, "Floating Rate", "Agent" and "Floating Rate Determination Date" are 
translations of French terms, respectively have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions. 
 
(c) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate  
1. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be eitherthe offered quotations; or 
2. 
the arithmetic mean mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations; 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the relevant Screen Page (the Relevant Screen Page) (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) at the Specified Time (which will be 11.00 a.m., London time, in the case of LIBOR, 
or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) (the "Screen Page Reference Rate") on the Interest Determination 
Date, as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin or Spread (if any) multiplied by any Leverage Factor, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of (1) above, no such offered quotation appears the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) or, in the case 
of (2) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information), in each case as at the Specified Time except as provided in 
paragraph below, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest, as 
the case may be for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the the nearest 
0,001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations eliminating the highest quotation (or in the 
event that two or more quotations are identical, one of the highest) and the lowest (or in the event that two or 
more quotations are identical, one of the lowest) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and 
multiplied by any Leverage Factor as the case may be,, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.001, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates per annum, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by the Reference Banks plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by any Leverage 
Factor as the case may be or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
offered rates, the Rate of Intesrest for the relevant Intesrest Period shall be the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
Reference Banks (or, as the case may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent), plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by any Leverage Factor as the case may be provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the last Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page, plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent, except that if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the absence of the quotation is due to the discontinuation of the Screen Page Reference 
Rate or the occurrence of a Reference Rate Fallback Event, then the Reference Rate will be determined in 
accordance with paragraph below 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any Interest Determination Date, that the Screen Page 
Reference Rate has been discontinued or a Reference Rate Fallback Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
will use, as a substitute for the Relevant Screen Page, an alternative reference rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any 
similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the 
Specified Currency (each a "Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry accepted standards, 
provided that, if two or more alternative reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most 
appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Securities. If the Calculation Agent notifies the 
Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the Calculation Agent will as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination 
Date) appoint an agent (the "Reference Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute 
or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Reference Rate, is available for the 
purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date of 
such determination. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry accepted 
successor rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such successor rate to be used 
by the Calculation Agent to determine the Rate of Interest. 
 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has determined a substitute 
or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such rate, the "Replacement Reference Rate"), for 
the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after such 
determination:  
(i) the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will also determine the 
changes (if any) required to the applicable Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest 
Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any adjustment needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page 
Reference Rate, including, where applicable, and if Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the Replacement Reference 
Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-
accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate; 
(ii) references to the Rate of Interest in this Condition will be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (i) 
above; 
(iii) the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will notify the Issuer of the 
Replacement Reference Rate, and the details described in (i) above, as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(iv) the Issuer will give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 13 and the Calculation Agent of the 
Replacement Reference Rate, and the details described in (i) above as soon as reasonably practicable but in any

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
event no later than 6:00 p.m. (Paris time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination 
Date.  
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above by the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Holders, unless the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that the Replacement Reference Rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in 
which case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent, as the case 
may be (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this paragraph. If the replacement Reference 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable) or (z) an affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also constitute an Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the provisions of this Condition 4.2 (C)(iii). will apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this Condition 
Condition 4.2 (C)(iii)(A), the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Reference Rate Determination Agent (as 
applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Securities as 
are provided for in connection with a Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as 
applicable, notwithstanding that such Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as 
applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Securities. 
(a) 
Fixed/floating rate securities 
Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may bear interest at a rate (i) which the Issuer may elect to convert on the date 
specified in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) 
which shall automatically convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate 
on the date specified in the Final Terms. 
(b) 
Zero coupon securities  
Where a Zero Coupon Security becomes due and payable and is not paid when due, the amount due and 
repayable shall be the amount determines in accordance with Condition 5.6. 
(c) 
Partly paid securities 
In the case of Partly Paid Securities, interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up Nominal Value of said 
Securities.  
(d) 
Securities linked to an underlying  
Securities linked to an Underlying bear interest, if applicable, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable 
Final Terms and, if so specified, in accordance with the Pay-Off Formula(ae) of the Technical Annex.. 
(e) 
Accrual of interest 
General provision

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Interest shall cease to accrue for each Security on the Settlement Date, unless on such date the repayment of the 
principal, the settlement of the Security and/or the delivery of the relevant underlying is improperly withheld or 
refused; in which event, interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after a potential judgment) at the Rate 
of Interest, in the manner provided in this Condition, until the Reference Date.  
(f) 
Margin, maximum/minimum rate of interest, instalment amounts and settlement 
amounts, coefficient multipliers and rounding 
 
(i) 
If a Margin or Coefficient Multiplier applies to one or more Interest Period, as set out in the 
Final Terms, the Rates of Interest applicable to the relevant Interest Periods are calculated by 
adding (if it is a positive number) or by subtracting (if it is a negative number) the absolute 
value of such Margin at a Floating Rate, or by multiplying the Floating Rate by the Coefficient 
Multiplier. 
(ii) 
If a Minimum Rate of Interest or a Maximum Rate of Interest is stipulated in the Final Terms, 
each of these Rates of Interest may not exceed this maximum nor be less than this minimum, 
as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from these calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest ten-thousandth (halves shall be rounded up to the next highest number), (y) all 
numbers shall be rounded off to seventh significant figure (halves shall be rounded up to the 
next highest decimal) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
to the nearest Unit of such currency (halves are rounded up to the next highest Unit), save in 
the case of Yen which shall be rounded down to the nearest Unit. For the purposes of this 
paragraph, Unit means the lowest subdivision of the currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency.  
(g) 
Calculations 
The interest payable in respect of each Security and for any period shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Nominal Value of each Security, and by multiplying the result obtained by the Day Count 
Fraction, unless a formula for calculating interest is specified in respect of such period, in which case, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of the Security for such period shall be calculated in accordance with such 
formula.  
(h) 
Determination and publication of the rates of interest, interest amounts, final 
settlement amounts, optional settlement amounts, early settlement amounts and 
instalment amounts 
As soon as practicable after the Reference Time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation, make any determination of an amount or proceed with a 
calculation, the Agent shall determine such rate and shall calculate the interest payable for each Nominal Value 
of the Securities as set out in the Final Terms during the corresponding Interest Period. It shall also calculate the 
relevant Final Settlement Amount, the Early Settlement Amount, the Optional Settlement Amount and the 
Instalment Amount, and shall obtain the corresponding quotation or make such determination or calculation that 
may be necessary. The Agent shall then notify the Rate of Interest and the interest payable for each Interest 
Period, as well as the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if necessary, the Final Settlement Amount, the Early 
Settlement Amount, the Optional Settlement Amount, and the Instalment Amount, to the Financial Agent, the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Holders, or any other Calculation Agent named in respect of the 
Securities in order to make further calculations upon receipt of this information. If the Securities are listed on a 
stock exchange whose rules so require, the Agent shall also provide this information to said exchange as soon as 
possible after its determination and no later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if this 
information is determined before this date, in the case of notification of the Rate of Interest and the interest

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
payable to this stock exchange, or (ii) in all other cases, no later than the fourth Business Day after this 
information is determined. When the Interest Payment Date or the Interest Period is adjusted pursuant to 
Condition 5, the interest payable and Interest Payment Date as published may be amended (or other appropriate 
measures taken by adjustment), without prior notice, in the event of an extension or reduction of the Interest 
Period. The determination of each rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation, and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent or Agents shall (except in the event of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties.  
(i) 
CALCULATION AGENT AND REFERENCE BANKS 
(i) 
The Issuer shall ensure that, at all times, there are one or more Calculation Agents if this is 
specified in the Final Terms, for as long as the Securities are outstanding. In the event that 
several Calculation Agents are designated, any reference in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent must be interpreted as referring to each of the Calculation Agents acting pursuant to 
these Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is no longer able or willing to act in this capacity, or 
if the Calculation Agent fails to establish a Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, or to 
calculate the Interest Amount, the Final Settlement Amount, the Optional Settlement Amount, 
the Early Settlement Amount or the Instalment payable, as applicable, or to comply with any 
other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment bank acting on the 
interbank market (or, if applicable, on the money market, the swaps market, or the over the 
counter index options market) the most appropriate for the calculations and determinations to 
be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal offices in Paris or Luxembourg, 
as applicable, or any other agency actively operating on this market) to act in this capacity in 
its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign from its duties unless a new calculation agent 
has been appointed under the aforesaid conditions.  
(i) 
The Issuer shall ensure that, at all times, there are at least two Reference Banks, if this is 
specified in the Final Terms, for as long as Securities are outstanding. If any Reference Bank is 
no longer able or willing to act as Reference Bank, the Issuer shall then appoint another 
Reference Bank to act in this capacity in its place.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
5. SETTLEMENT OF BONDS  
 
5.1 SETTLEMENT CONDITIONS 
 
(a) 
Cash Settlement  
Each Bond resulting in a Cash Settlement shall be settled by the Issuer on the Settlement Date (i) at the Final 
Settlement Amount or (ii) in the case of Bonds governed by Condition 5.3 below, at the last Scheduled 
Instalment Amount.  
(b) 
Physical Settlement 
Each Bond resulting in Physical Settlement shall be settled by the Issuer on the Settlement Date by delivery of 
the quantity of Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments specified or determined as indicated in the Conditions 
and the Final Terms. Physical Settlement shall be effected by the delivery of Shares, Fund Units or Debt 
Instruments. No rights to dividends on the Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments shall accrue for the benefit of 
the BondHolder before the Settlement Date, unless the Final Terms provide otherwise. 
The Bonds resulting in Physical Settlement held by the same Holder shall be aggregated in order to determine 
the number of Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments to which said Bonds entitle the Holder. No fractional 
Share, Fund Unit or Debt Instrument shall be transferred by the Issuer; therefore, in the event of fractional 
shares, units or debt instruments, the Issuer shall deliver a whole number of Shares, Fund Units or Debt 
Instruments immediately lower than the quantity of Shares, Fund Units or Debt Securities, and shall pay a cash 
balance to each relevant Holder, in place and instead of this fractional Share, Fund Unit or Debt Instrument, 
calculated by reference to the price of the Share or of the Debt Instrument or the Net Asset Value of the Fund on 
the Valuation Date and Settlement Date and in the Settlement Currency, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If an event outside the Issuer's control prevents the transfer of the Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments (the 
Delivery Failure), the delivery of the other Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments held as part of a Multi 
Underlying Bond shall not be affected. 
The Physical Settlement of the Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments affected by the Delivery Failure shall be 
made on the first Scheduled Trading Day following the day on which the Delivery Failure has disappeared, 
unless a Delivery Failure continues during each of the five (5) Scheduled Trading Days (or any other period 
specified in the Final Terms) immediately following the initial date which should have been, if there were no 
Delivery Failure, the Settlement Date. In such a case, the Physical Settlement shall be replaced by a Cash 
Settlement to each relevant Holder. The Final Settlement Amount will be equal to the value of the closing price 
of the Shares or of the Debt Instruments or Net Asset Value of the Fund Units affected by the Delivery Failure 
on the fifth Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the initial day which, in the absence of the Delivery 
Failure, would have been the Settlement Date, and will be paid on the Business Day following said date instead 
and in place of the Shares, Fund Units or Debt Instruments affected by the Delivery Failure.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
5.2 FINAL SETTLEMENT 
Unless it has already been settled, redeemed and cancelled as provided below, each Bond shall be settled at the 
Final Settlement Amount on the Maturity Date. 
The Final Settlement Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 1.1 or in accordance with one of 
the following : At par/Fixed Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.1 of the Technical Annex) / Bond Backed 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.2 of the Technical Annex) / Delta One Settlement Amount (paragraph 
VI.A.3 of the Technical Annex)/ Indexed Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.4 of the Technical Annex)/ 
Conditional Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.5 of the Technical Annex) / Composite Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.A.6 of the Technical Annex) / Combined Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.7 of the Technical 
Annex). 
5.3 SETTLEMENT BY INSTALMENTS 
Unless it has been previously settled, redeemed and cancelled as provided in this Condition 18 each Bond the 
conditions of which provide for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially settled on each 
Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the Final Terms. The Nominal Value of each of 
these Bonds shall be reduced by the corresponding Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is 
calculated by reference to a proportion of the Nominal Value of such Bond, shall be reduced accordingly), as of 
the Instalment Date, unless the payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused on the date 
scheduled for such payment. 
5.4 SETTLEMENT OPTION AT THE ISSUER'S DISCRETION (CALL OPTION), OPTION 
EXERCISE AT THE ISSUER'S DISCRETION AND PARTIAL SETTLEMENT 
If a settlement option is specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, if applicable from the Reference Date for 
the Issuer, subject to the laws and regulations in force, and on giving not less than ten (10) and not more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 13 (or any other notice 
period specified in the Final Terms), settle all or, if applicable, some of the Bonds on the Optional Settlement 
Date. Each of these settlements shall be made at the Optional Settlement Amount together with the interest 
accrued until the date fixed for settlement. Each of these settlements must relate to Bonds for which the amount 
in principal is at least equal to the Minimum Principal Amount payable as indicated in the Final Terms, and may 
not exceed the Maximum Principal Amount payable as specified in the Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial settlement or partial exercise of its Option by the Issuer, settlement shall be effected by 
reduction of the Nominal Value of the Bonds in proportion to the nominal amount paid.  
Furthermore, if a trigger option is indicated as being applicable in the Final Terms and an Option Threshold 
Trigger is provided in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its discretion and subject to the laws and regulations in 
force, repurchase all of the Bonds. For this purpose, the Issuer will send an irrevocable notice to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 13, such notice being due to occur at the least ten (10) Business Days, and not later 
than thirty (30) Business Days, before the option exercise date. Each Bond will be repurchased at its fair market 
value as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
5.5 SETTLEMENT OPTION AT THE HOLDERS' DISCRETION (PUT OPTION), OPTION 
EXERCISE AT THE HOLDERS' DISCRETION  
If a Holder's put option or any other option is specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer must, at the Holder's 
request, and upon the Holder giving irrevocable notice to the Issuer, settle this Bond on the Optional Settlement 
Date or Dates at the Optional Settlement Amount plus, if applicable, interest accrued up to the date fixed for 
settlement.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
To exercise such option that may be specified in the Final Terms, the Holder, if applicable from the Reference 
Date for the Holder, must send a duly completed option exercise notice (the Exercise Notice) to the Issuer by e-
mail to the following address: mo-notifications@exane.com. The form of Exercise Notice may be obtained 
during usual business hours from the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as applicable. The date of exercise 
of the Holders’ option shall be deemed to be the fifth Business Day following confirmation by the Issuer by 
return e-mail of receipt of the Exercise Notice, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Holder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Bonds that are to be settled to the account of the Principal 
Paying Agent as specified in the Exercise Notice. Any such transfer of Bonds shall be definitive, except in case 
of prior written consent to the contrary by the Issuer.  
5.6 EARLY SETTLEMENT OF ZERO COUPON SECURITY 
(a) Early Settlement Amount 
In the case of Zero Coupon Securities, the Early Settlement Amount is calculated at an amount (the Amortised 
Face Amount) which shall be equal to the sum of: 
the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
the product of the accrual yield (the Accrual Yield) specified in the applicable Final Terms (compounded 
annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for settlement or (as the case may be) the date upon which such note becomes due and repayable. 
(b) Late Payment on Zero Coupon Securities 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, if the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Security 
upon settlement of such Zero Coupon Security pursuant to paragraph 5.2, 5.4, 5.5 and 5.16 of this Condition or 
upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 5 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Security shall be the amount calculated as provided in the 
paragraph above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the settlement or the date upon which the 
Zero Coupon Security becomes due and repayable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Security have been paid; and 
five (5) days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Securities have been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
5.7 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENT AND ADJUSTMENTS APPLICABLE TO SHARE OR 
SHARES BASKET  
A. Definitions 
Share means, in the case of Bonds issue on a single Share, a share or, as the case may be, an ordinary share 
capital of the Company or other equivalent proprietary unit, a Depository Receipt representing ownership of the 
Underlying Share, an ETF Unit (Exchange Traded Fund) or, in the case of a Basket of Shares, each share, 
ordinary share capital of the Company or other equivalent proprietary unit, Depository Receipt representing 
ownership of the Underlying Share, ETF Unit comprised in the Basket of Shares, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, having or each having on the Issue Date the ISIN code (International Securities Identification 
Number) or any other identification code specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Substitute Share means a share (i) which is not the Share of the relevant Bond and (ii) which has, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Share (sector of activity, currency, market 
capitalisation, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other pertinent feature in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent). 
Underlying Share means the share issued by the Company to which the Depository Receipt is linked, specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
ETF Administrator means the administrator, trustee or similar person with principal administrative 
responsibility for such ETF, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment at any time, in 
accordance with paragraph C below. 
Exchange means, for a Share, each exchange of quotation system specified as such in the Final Terms for a 
relevant Share, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Share has temporary relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
ETF Advisor means the person appointed to act as investment manager or investment adviser of the ETF, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph C below. 
Deposit Agreement means the contract or other financial instrument constituting the Depository Receipt, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
Settlement Cycle means the period expressed as a number of Share Clearing System Business Days following a 
transaction on the Share on the Exchange in respect of which settlement will normally take place within the rules 
of such Exchange. 
Initial Valuation Date shall have the meaning given thereto in the Technical Annex. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Depository Receipt means a negotiable financial instrument having, as of the Issue Date, the ISIN code 
(International Securities Identification Number) or any other identification code specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, issued by the DR Sponsor under the relevant Deposit Agreement, evidencing ownership 
of the specified number of Underlying Shares of the Company on deposit with a depositary in the Issuer’s 
domestic market and quoted in the DR Specified Currency, subject to adjustment or replacement at any time, in 
accordance with paragraph C below.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
DR Specified Currency means, for a Depository Receipt, the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution 
or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Company, (A) all the Shares of that Company are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Shares of that 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
Exchange Traded Fund or ETF means a fund or other collective investment vehicle specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, whose ETF Units are listed on the Exchange, subject to adjustment or replacement at 
any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading sessions. 
Valuation Time means the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, 
then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.  
ETF Underlying Index means the reference index, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, to which 
such ETF is linked, subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with the provisions of paragraph C below. 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a Share, an Exchange Business Day (Single Share 
Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares (a) an Exchange Business Day (All Share Basis) or (b) an 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
if no Exchange Business Day is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Share Basis) 
shall be deemed to apply. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange and Related Exchange, if applicable, are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange prior to the Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange associated with such Share are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange 
prior to the Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange prior to the Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis), or 
(ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day 
(Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no Scheduled Trading 
Day is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and Related Exchange associated with such Share are scheduled to be open for trading during 
their regular trading session(s).

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and relevant 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading session(s). 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange associated with all of the Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares are 
scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading session(s). 
Share Clearing System Business Day means any day on which the Share Clearing System is open (or would 
have been open, but for the occurrence of a Share Clearing System Settlement Disruption Event) for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Related Exchange means each exchange or quotation system specified as such for a relevant Share in the 
applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has temporary relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange), provided that where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the 
applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share. 
New Shares mean the securities exchanged or offered for Shares pursuant to a Cash/Exchange Tender Offer, the 
securities of the new company or new fund in the case of a Merger or the securities resulting from a Spin-off (as 
the case may be). Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, by reference 
to the applicable exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event that the original securities must be 
substituted for several different categories of securities, the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for the 
relevant securities one (or more) of such securities (the Selected Security(ies)). In this case, the value of the 
security or securities not selected (the Excluded Security(ies)) shall be expressed as a number or a fraction of a 
number of one (or more) of the Selected Security(ies), at the Calculation Agent’s choice, which shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the official closing price of both the Selected Security or 
Securities and the Excluded Securities, recorded simultaneously on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted 
security or securities include one or more unlisted securities, the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair 
market value of such unlisted security or securities on the Event Effective Date. 
Basket means a basket comprising Shares of each Company, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, having 
the relevant Weighting specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
ETF Unit means a unit of account of ownership in the ETF. 
Share Clearing System Settlement Disruption Event means an event outside the control of the Issuer, as a 
result of which (i) the Share Clearing System cannot clear the transfer of the Share or (ii) the Share Clearing 
System ceases to clear all or any of its shares. 
Weighting or W(i) means, in respect of each Share comprised in the Basket of Shares, the percentage or fraction 
specified, in respect of such Share, in the applicable Final Terms. 
Hedged Position means the purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Bonds, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
Initial Price means the price per Share specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Initial Valuation Date 
(such date being defined in the Technical Annex) or, if no price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
price of such Share determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
Initial Valuation Date, subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with the provisions of paragraph C below. 
DR Sponsor means the depositary bank issuing the Depository Receipt, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Company means the issuer of a Share or, if applicable, the relevant entity in which an equivalent proprietary 
unit is held or, as the case may be, an Underlying Share, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment at any time in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Substitution means cessation by the Calculation Agent of indexation of the Bonds to the Share and its 
replacement with a Substitute Share or in the case of a Basket of Shares, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Share) the 
crystallisation of the fair market value of the Share on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Share Clearing System means the principal domestic clearing system normally used to settle transactions on the 
Share at the relevant time, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
B. Market Disruption Event 
(i) 
Definitions 
Market Disruption Event means, in the case of Bonds issue on a single Share or a Basket of Shares, in respect 
of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the 
relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Exchange or, as the case may be, the 
Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been announced by 
such Exchange or by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange 
Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the relevant Exchange or, as the case 
may be, the Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Disrupted Day means, in relation to Bonds issue on a single Share or a Basket of Shares, in respect of a Share, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or, as the case may be, the Related Exchange fails to open 
for trading during its regular trading session, or any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Share on the Related Exchange. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or, as 
the case may be, the Related Exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or relevant 
Related Exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to such Share on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on the relevant Related Exchange. 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event on a Valuation Date

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
If any Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1) is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) in the case of a Bond on a single Share, such Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of the Share at 
the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day.  
(B) in the case of a Bond on a Basket of Shares, the Valuation Date for all Shares of the Basket of Shares, 
included those not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, unless each of 
the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for all Shares of the Basket 
of Shares, including the Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, notwithstanding that such day is a 
Disrupted Day for the relevant affected Share and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair 
value of that affected Share at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
(iii) 
Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Market Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been a Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
C. Adjustment 
(i) 
Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting a Share (an Event) occur, the Calculation Agent 
may, as regards Bonds in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the Valuation Date (as 
defined in Condition 1), continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers 
necessary. To this end, the Calculation Agent shall decide either to: 
(a) apply the same method as that applied by the Related Exchange (if applicable) or any other relevant 
authority (the Related Exchange Method); or 
(b) apply the methods described in paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) et seq. to adapt the Bond to the modifications 
to the Share or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); or 
(c) consider such Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Bonds. In that case, the Issuer 
shallterminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in accordance with Condition 13, of the fair 
market value of the Bonds in the case of Cash Settlement or, if applicable, the quantity of Shares to be 
delivered in the case of Physical Delivery (the Deliverable Shares), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair market value, in 
the case of Cash Settlement or, if applicable, by delivery of the relevant quantity of Deliverable Shares, 
in the case of Physical Settlement (the Settlement Method). 
Notwithstanding the above, if such option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value, in the case of Cash Settlement or, if applicable, delivery of the

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
relevant quantity of Deliverable Shares, in the case of Physical Settlement shall be made on the Settlement Date 
(the Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the "Capitalised Fair Market Value" means the fair market value of the 
Bond capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date atthe Exane EUR Capitalized 
Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index , or any other rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 35 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a), (b) and 
(c) above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Adjustments methods applicable to Shares 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
To this end, the Events applicable to a Share are defined as follows and include the Potential Adjustment Event, 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer, Merger, Spin-off, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Change of Listing - compartment 
or Exchange, De-listing, Correction of Share price, Change in Law, Insolvency Filing, Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(a) Potential Adjustment Event 
In the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of such event, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Share and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements relating to the relevant Share used to determine any settlement or 
payment terms under the Bonds and/or adjust any other terms of the Bonds as it determines appropriate to 
preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Bonds and (b) determine the effective 
date of that adjustment.. 
Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(1) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a Merger Event), 
or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or 
similar issue; 
(2) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (A) such Shares, or (B) 
other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of 
the Company equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares, or (C) share capital or 
other securities of another company acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a 
spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any 
case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(3) 
an extraordinary dividend which characterization of or portion thereof shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(4) 
a call by the Company in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
(5) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(6) 
in respect of the Company, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below 
their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of 
such an event shall be readjusted upon any settlement of such rights;  
(7) a distribution of reserves in cash or in listed shares held in the Company’s portfolio or a redemption of share 
capital; or 
(8) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant 
Shares. 
(b) Cash/Exchange Tender Offer  
(1) Definitions 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means any takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person (the Offeror) that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 % and less than 100 % of 
the outstanding voting shares of the Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making 
of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation gent deems 
relevant.  
Successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means a Cash/Exchange Tender Offer the results of which have been 
published by the relevant Exchange authorities. 
Offer Period means the period from (and including) the date on which the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer is 
officially announced by the Offeror in whatever manner to the competent supervisory authorities in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction, up to (but excluding) the date of the Tender 
Offer Date.  
(2) Consequences 
If an Offer Period commences, the Calculation Agent may, having examined its characteristics and relevant 
practical arrangements, elect (a) to maintain the Share or (b) replace it with the share issued by the Offeror. 
If the Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment during the Offer Period in accordance with the paragraph 
above and if the Company is the subject of a Successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer (the Tender Offer), the 
Calculation Agent may elect to (a) maintain the Share, (b) replace the Share with New Shares or (c) implement 
Substitution of the Share. 
(c) Merger 
(1) Definitions 
Merger means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any: 
(i) reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person;

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
(ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company with or into another entity 
or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of all of such Shares 
outstanding); 
(iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 % of the outstanding Shares of the Company that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity or person); 
(iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company or its subsidiaries with 
or into another entity in which the Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing 
less than 50% of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger"),  
in each case if the Event Effective Date is on or before, (A) in the case of a Bond with Physical Settlement the 
Settlement Date, or (B) in the case of a Bond with Cash Settlement, the last occuring Valuation Date. 
(2) Consequences 
In the event that a Merger occurs in respect of a Share, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment 
or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to (a) replace the Share with New Shares or (b) implement 
Substitution of the relevant Share. 
(d) Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Company (Spin-off), the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment 
or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to (a) replace the Share with New Shares or (b) implement 
Substitution of the relevant Share. 
(e) Nationalisation 
(1) Definitions 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Company are nationalized, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof 
(2) Consequences 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Share if Nationalisation occurs in respect of a Share. 
(f) 
Insolvency  
(1) Definitions 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution 
or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Company, (A) all the Shares of that Company are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Shares of that 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
(2) Consequences

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Share in the event of an Insolvency. 
(g) Change of Listing - compartment or Exchange 
(1) Definitions 
Change of Listing - compartment or Exchange means that the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules 
of such Exchange, the Shares (A) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for 
any reason (other than a Merger or Tender Offer), but are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) which is according to the Calculation Agent 
similar to the original Exchange or (B) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the original 
compartment Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger or Tender Offer), and are immediately re-listed, re-
traded or re-quoted on another compartment of the Exchange. 
(2) Consequences 
In the event of a Change of Listing - compartment or Exchange in respect of a Share, the Calculation Agent may 
adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to implement Substitution of 
the relevant Share. 
(h) De-listing 
(1) Definitions 
Delisting means that the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Shares cease (or 
will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger or Tender 
Offer), and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in 
the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of 
the European Union). 
(2) Consequences 
If a Delisting occurs, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, 
including electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Share. 
(i) 
Correction of Share price 
If a price published on the Exchange and used by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of any calculation or 
determination (the Initial Determination) is subsequently corrected and if the correction (the Corrected Value) 
is published on the relevant Exchange within one relevant Settlement Cycle following the Initial Determination, 
the Calculation Agent shall notify the Corrected Value to the Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable and shall 
determine the relevant price of the Share (the New Determination) using the Corrected Value.  
If the result of the New Determination is different than the result of the Initial Determination, the Calculation 
Agent may, to the extent that it deems necessary, adjust all relevant terms and conditions of the relevant Bonds 
accordingly. 
(j) 
Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due 
to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority),

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has or will become illegal or contrary to any 
Applicable Regulation for the Hedging Party, to to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedged Positions in relation to its 
Bonds, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Bonds (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Share if a Change in Law occurs. 
(k) Insolvency Filing 
Insolvency Filing means that the Company institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or 
any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or 
such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings 
instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Company shall not be deemed an 
Insolvency Filing. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Share if an Insolvency Filling occurs. 
(l) 
Hedging Disruption 
Hedging Disruption means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk generated by issuing the relevant Bond and performing 
its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Share if a Hedging Disruption occurs 
(m) Increased Cost of Hedging  
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to hedge the market risk of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the relevant Bond, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Share if an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs. 
(iii) 
Additional methods of adjustment for Depository Receipts 
(a) If the Share specified in the applicable Final Terms is an Underlying Share (Depository Receipt), the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above (Adjustment methods applicable to Shares) shall apply, with references 
to Share being replaced by references to the Underlying Share.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(b) If the Deposit Agreement is terminated or if a Conversion Event occurs, the Calculation Agent may adjust 
the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to implement Substitution of 
the relevant Underlying Share. 
For this purpose, Conversion Event means any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner results (or will result) in the Depositary 
Receipts being converted into Underlying Shares or any other listed securities issued by the Company of 
the Underlying Shares. 
(iv) 
Additional methods of adjustment for ETFs 
If the Share specified in the applicable Final Terms is an ETF Unit, the following provisions shall apply. 
(a) Adjustment of the ETF Underlying Index 
The Calculation Agent may implement Substitution of the relevant Share if (i) the sponsor of the ETF 
Underlying Index materially amends the formula or method for calculating the ETF Underlying Index or makes 
any other material modification to the ETF Underlying Index (other than any modification prescribed in such 
formula or method in order to maintain the ETF Underlying Index in the event of change to any of the shares 
comprised in the ETF Underlying Index, capitalisation or any other routine event), or (ii) the sponsor of the ETF 
Underlying Index fails to calculate and publish the ETF Underlying Index and no successor index using, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, a substantially similar formula and calculation method to that used for 
calculating the ETF Underlying Index is published, resulting in a material change to the price of the Shares. 
(b) Change in Investment Policy  
The Calculation Agent may implement Substitution of the relevant Share if the ETF Advisor of the Company 
makes or announces its intention to make a change to the investment objectives, risk profile or other investment 
guidelines of the Company, in any material respect, or makes any other substantial change to the terms and 
conditions of the Company, to the extent that the Shares cease, or are reasonably likely to cease, to replicate the 
ETF Underlying Index. 
(c) Liquidation 
The Calculation Agent may implement Substitution of the relevant Share if due to the winding-up or voluntary 
or judicial liquidation of the ETF Administrator, the Shares have to be transferred to a manager, trustee, 
liquidator or other similar official, or the holders of the Shares are legally prohibited from transferring them. 
(v) 
General provisions 
(a) If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Bonds for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Bonds, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Bonds in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall give 
notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Bonds in accordance with Condition 
13.  
(c) Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice and any Physical Settlement pursuant to Condition 13 shall be made as 
soon as possible.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
5.8 MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS AND ADJUSTMENTS FOR INDEX OR INDICES BASKET 
A. 
Definitions 
(i) 
Common definitions for Bonds linked to a Mono-Exchange Index, a Multi-Exchange Index and 
a Proprietary Index 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or a Reference Market, as the case may be, or 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or a 
Reference Market, as the case may be, or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to 
after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading sessions. 
Index means the index (or the indices in case of an Index Basket) to which the Bonds are linked, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, as calculated or published by the relevant Sponsor, subject to adjustment or a 
replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Initial Level means the level of the Index specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Initial Valuation Date 
(such date being defined in the Technical Annex) or, if no level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
level of such Index determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
Initial Valuation Date, subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with the provisions of paragraph C below. 
Substitute Index means an index (i) which is not the Index of the Bond and (ii) which, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to those of the excluded Index (geographical zone, business sector, 
currency, liquidity of futures and/or options contracts used for hedging, dividend calculation methodology or any 
other relevant parameter in the opinion of the Calculation Agent). 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a single Index, an Exchange Business Day (Single Index 
Basis), or (ii) in the case of an Index Basket (a) an Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) an 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
if no Exchange Business Day is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Indices 
Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Scheduled Trading Day means (i) in the case of a single Index, a Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis), 
or (ii) in the case of an Index Basket (a) a Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) a Scheduled Trading 
Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no Scheduled 
Trading Day is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) shall be 
deemed to apply. 
Related Exchange means (except for Proprietary Index for which the definition of Related Exchange as 
specified in Condition 5.8 A (iv) will apply) each exchange or quotation system specified as such for a relevant 
Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index are 
principally traded, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Related Exchange), provided, however, that where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the 
applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index. 
Index Basket means a basket comprising each Index specified in the applicable Final Terms, each having, if 
necessary, the relevant Weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Weighting or Wi means, for each Index comprised in the Index Basket, the percentage or fraction specified as 
such, in respect of such Index, in the applicable Final Terms. 
Hedged Position means the purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Bonds, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Index and (b) announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, 
which as of the Issue Date is the entity specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below.  
Substitution means cessation by the Calculation Agent of indexation of the Bonds to the Index and its 
replacement with a Substitute Index or in the case of an Index Basket, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Index) the 
crystallisation of the fair market value of the Index on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
(ii) 
Specific definitions for Bonds linked to a Mono-Exchange Index 
Exchange means each exchange or quotation system specified as such for the Index in the applicable Final 
Terms, or any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in securities comprised in such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the securities comprised in such Index on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Valuation Time means (a) the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) if no such time is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date. If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time falls after the actual 
closing time for a regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time. 
Mono-Exchange Index means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange and 
the Related Exchange are open for trading during their regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any Exchange 
or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange of such Index are open for trading during their respective 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) means, with respect to any Indices comprised in an Index Basket, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular tradin sessions in respect of such Indices, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) means a day on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange 
are scheduled to be open for trading during for their respective regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index comprised in an Index Basket, any 
day on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during 
for their respective regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) means, in respect of any Indices comprised in an Index Basket, any 
day on which each Exchange and each Related exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective 
regular trading sessions in respect of such Indices. 
(iii) 
Specific definitions for Bonds linked to a Multi-Exchange Index 
Exchange means for each Component, the principal exchange on which such Component is principally traded, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Component means, for a Multi-Exchange Index, each security in such Multi-Exchange Index. 
Valuation Time means (a) the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) if not so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred (x) in respect of any Component, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component and (y) in respect of any futures and options contracts of the Index, the close of trading on the 
Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other cases, the time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated 
and published by the Sponsor. 
Multi-Exchange Index means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the Sponsor 
publishes the level of the Multi-Exchange Index and (b) the Related Exchange, if applicable, is open for trading 
during its regular trading session for such Multi-Exchange Index, notwithstanding such Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index comprised in an Index Basket, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the Sponsor publishes the level of such Multi-Exchange Index and (b) the 
Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session for such Multi-Exchange Index, 
notwithstanding such Related Exchange closings prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) means, with respect to any Indices comprised in an Index Basket, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the Sponsor publishes the level of such Multi-Exchange Indices and (b) 
each Related Exchange (if applicable) is open for trading during its regular trading session for such Multi-
Exchange Indices, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) means a day on which (a) the relevant Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if any, is scheduled to be 
open for trading for its regular trading session for such Multi-Exchange Index. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index comprised in an Index Basket, any 
day on which (a) the Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Index and (b) the Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session for such Multi-Exchange Index. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) means, in respect of any Indices comprised in an Index Basket, any 
day on which (a) the Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Indices and (b) each

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session for such Multi-Exchange 
Indices. 
(iv) 
Specific definitions for Bonds linked to a Proprietary Index 
Index Component means an Equity Instrument, a Fund Instrument, an Index Instrument, a Futures Contract 
Instrument and/or a Debt Security Instrument, as the case may be. 
Index Advisor means the entity responsible for providing the Sponsor and/or the Index Calculation Agent, with 
the information necessary for calculating and maintaining the Proprietary Index, in particular with respect to 
selection of Index Components, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Closing Level means the official level of the Proprietary Index, as published by the Sponsor on a relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Valuation Time means, unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the time at which the Closing 
Level is published by the Sponsor pursuant to the Index Rules. 
Proprietary Index means any Index being one of the proprietary indices appearing in the sections entitled 
Specific Methodology of Proprietary Indices and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Substitute Proprietary Index means an index (i) which is not the relevant Proprietary Index and (ii) which, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to those of the excluded Proprietary Index 
(strategy, currency, asset class, geographical or economic sector). 
Equity Instrument means a Share (as such term is defined in Condition 5.7) that forms part of a Proprietary 
Index. 
Futures Contract Instrument means a Futures Contract (as such term is defined in Condition 5.11) that forms 
part of a Proprietary Index. 
Fund Instrument means a Fund Unit (as such term is defined in Condition 5.10) that forms part of a Proprietary 
Index. 
Index Instrument means an Index (as such term is defined in Condition 5.8 and which may encompass, for the 
avoidance of doubt, a Proprietary Index) that forms part of a Proprietary Index. 
Debt Security Instrument means a Debt Instrument (as such term is defined in Condition 5.15) that forms part 
of a Proprietary Index. 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) means, with respect to any Proprietary Indices comprised in an 
Index Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Sponsor publishes the Closing Level of such Proprietary 
Indices. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of a Proprietary Index comprised in an Index 
Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Sponsor publishes the Closing Level of such Proprietary Index 
Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) means in respect of a Proprietary Index any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the Sponsor publishes the Closing Level of the Proprietary Index pursuant to the Index Rules. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) means, in respect of any Proprietary Indices comprised in an Index 
Basket, any day on which the Sponsor is scheduled to publish the Closing Level of such Proprietary Indices.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of a Proprietary Index comprised in an Index 
Basket, any day on which the Sponsor is scheduled to publish the Closing Level of such Proprietary Index. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, any day on which the 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the Closing Level of the Proprietary Index pursuant to the Index Rules. 
Reference Market means the principal market or quotation system on which, as the Calculation Agent may 
determine in good faith, the relevant Index Components are traded and which offers the greatest liquidity for 
such Index Components, or any successor or replacement market or quotation system. 
Related Exchange means each market or quotation system on which trading has a material effect (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) on the market as a whole for futures and options contracts on the relevant Index 
Components, or any successor or replacement market or quotation system. 
Index Rules means the methodology of the Proprietary Index described in the sections entitled “General 
Methodology of Exane Indices” and “Specific Methodology of Exane Indices”, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time.  
B. 
Market Disruption Event 
(i) 
Definitions 
(a) 
Specific definitions for Bonds linked to a Mono-Exchange Index 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence (i) of a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange 
Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines, in each case, is material at any time during the one hour 
period that end at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. To determine whether a Market 
Disruption Event exists for such Index at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of any security 
included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level of the 
Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to such security, and 
(y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption 
Event. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
securities that comprise 20 per cent or more of the level of the Index, or, if applicable, of the Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day, and 
(ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if applicable, Related Exchange 
system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Disrupted Day means a Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the relevant Exchange and/or Related Exchange 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, on any relevant Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20per cent or 
more of the level of the Index or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index, on the Related Exchange. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Exchange or, if applicable, 
the relevant Related Exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or an Exchange Disruption), and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or the relevant Related 
Exchange or otherwise, (i) on any relevant Exchange(s) in relation to securities that comprise 20 per cent or

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
more of the level of the Index, or (ii) on futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the relevant Related 
Exchange. 
(b) 
Specific definitions for Bonds linked to a Multi-Exchange Index 
Market Disruption Event means either: 
(i)(a) the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component: 
1. 
of a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component, which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component is principally traded; and/or 
2. 
of an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component, which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component is principally traded; and/or 
3. 
of an Early Closure in respect of such Component; and  
(b) the aggregate of all Components in respect of which a Trading Disruption and/or an Exchange Disruption 
and/or Early Closure occurs or exists, comprises 20 per cent or more of the level of the Index; or 
(ii) the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Index, of: (a) a Trading 
Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines, in each case, is material at any 
time during the one-hour period that ends at the Valuation Time on the Related Exchange, or (iii) an Early 
Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
To determine whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component at any time, if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of 
that Component to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the 
Index attributable to such Component, to (y) the overall level of the Index, using, in each case, the official 
opening weightings, as published by the Sponsor as part of the market “opening data”. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Exchange relating to any Component 
or of the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or such Related Exchange (as the case may be) on 
such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if 
applicable, Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Disrupted Day means a Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Sponsor does not publish the Index level or (ii) 
the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (iii) a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or Trading Disruption) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component; 
(ii) futures or options contracts relating to such Index, on the Related Exchange. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Exchange or, if applicable, 
the relevant Related Exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or an Exchange Disruption), and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or the relevant Related 
Exchange or otherwise (i) on any Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component or (ii) futures or 
options contracts relating to such Index, on the Related Exchange.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
(c) 
Specific definitions for Bonds linked to a Proprietary Index 
Equity Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at 
any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the 
purpose hereof: 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Reference Market or, as the case may 
be, the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been 
announced by such Reference Market or by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Market or Related Exchange, as the case 
may be, on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation 
Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Equity Instruments on the relevant Reference Market, or (ii) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Equity 
Instrument on the Related Exchange. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or, as the case may be, the Related Exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange 
Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference 
Market or relevant Related Exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to such Share on the relevant Reference Market, 
or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Equity Instrument on the relevant Related Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such event is material: (a) the non-publication of the Closing Level or 
(b) an Index Component Event where the aggregate of all Index Components in respect of which an Index 
Component Event occurs or exists comprises 25 per cent. or more of the level of the Proprietary Index. 
Fund Disruption Event means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, the occurrence or existence of (i) Valuation 
Disruption, (ii) a Settlement Disruption or (iii) a Liquidity Disruption, that the Calculation Agent determines is 
material. For the purpose thereof: 
Liquidity Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, any suspension, limitation or delay affecting the 
settlement of such Fund Instrument, whether in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Documents or for 
any other reason. 
Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument on any date, failure by the Fund to pay the full 
amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the Settlement Proceeds due in respect of such Fund 
Instrument, as such amount should have been paid at the latest by such date in accordance with the Fund 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision permitting the Fund 
to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Instruments). 
Valuation Disruption means that: 
(a) the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument is not determined and/or published by the Fund (or the Fund 
Service Provider which generally determines such value) in accordance with the provisions of the Fund 
Documents; 
(b) the determination and/or publication of the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument, in accordance with the 
Fund Documents, has/have been suspended; or

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
(c) the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider which 
generally determines such value) is incorrect or misrepresents the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
For the sake of clarity, any terms with a capital letter will have the meaning specified in Condition 5.10 except 
that where Fund Unit(s) appears, it will be replaced by “Fund Instrument(s)”. 
Index Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
• 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Share 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Share Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Share Instruments; and 
• 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Fund 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund Instruments; and 
• in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Index 
Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index Instruments; 
• 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Futures 
Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Futures Contract Instruments. 
• 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Debt 
Security Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Debt 
Security Instruments. 
Futures Contract Disruption Event means, in respect of a Futures Contract Instrument, the occurrence or 
existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines, in 
each case, is material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation 
Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the purpose thereof: 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the relevant Reference Market prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been announced by such Reference Market at least 
one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference 
Market on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Reference Market system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures Contract Instrument on the Reference Market 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference Market or otherwise, in the relevant Futures Contract 
Instrument on the relevant Reference Market.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Debt Security Disruption Event means, in respect of a Debt Security Instrument: 
(a) any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Reference Market or 
(b) any suspension or limitation on trading on listed options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Debt 
Security Instrument, which the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any time 
during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time or 
(c) any suspension of publication on the relevant screen page of the Debt Security Instrument or the 
unavailability of clean bid prices from at least two market participants. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
Index Disruption Event means, in respect of an Index Instrument, the non-publication of the Closing Level by 
the Sponsor. 
(iv) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event  
(a) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event for an Index (other than a Proprietary 
Index) 
If any Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1) is a Disrupted Day, then:  
(A) in the case of a Bond on a single Index, such Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the level of the Index at the 
Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculation the 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted prices 
as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprises in the Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day). 
(B) in the case of a Bond on an Index Basket, the Valuation Date for all Indices of the Index Basket, included 
those not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day for the Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be Valuation Date for all Indices of the Index 
Basket, including the Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, notwithstanding that such day is a 
Disrupted Day for the relevant affected Index and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the 
level of that Index at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculation the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted prices as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each 
security (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day). 
(b) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event for a Proprietary Index 
If any Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1) is a Disrupted Day for a Proprietary Index, then:.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
(A) in the case of a Bond on a single Proprietary Index, such Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Proprietary Index, unless each of the 
eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the level of such Proprietary 
Index at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day, in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating such Proprietary Index last in effect prior to the occurence of the first Disrupted Day, using the 
Reference Market traded or quoted prices as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of 
each Index Component (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Index Component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day). 
(B) in the case of a Bond on an Index Basket, the Valuation Date for all Proprietary Indices of the Index Basket, 
included those not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Proprietary Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
unless each of the eigth Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be Valuation Date for all Proprietary Indices of 
the Index Basket, including the Proprietary Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
notwithstanding that such day is a Disrupted Day for the relevant affected Proprietary Index and (2) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the level of such Proprietary Index at the Valuation Time on 
such eighth Disrupted Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculation such Proprietary Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Reference Market traded or quoted 
prices as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each Index Component (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Index Component on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Index Component as of the Valuation Time on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day). 
(v) 
Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Market Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, in the absence of such Market Disruption Event, would have been the Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 13. 
C. 
Adjustments 
(i) 
Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below and affecting an Index (an Event) occur, the 
Calculation Agent may, as regards Bonds in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the 
Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1), continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it 
considers necessary. To this end, the Calculation Agent shall decide either to: 
• 
apply the same method as that applied by the Related Exchange (if applicable) or by any other relevant 
authority (the Related Exchange Method) (except for Proprietary Indices); or 
• 
apply the methods described in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) to adapt the Bond to the modifications to the 
Index or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); orconsider such event as an event triggering 
an early redemption of the Bonds. In that case, the Issuer shall

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in accordance with Condition 13, of the fair market value of 
the Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at 
the specified fair market value (the Settlement Method). 
Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value shall be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised 
Fair Market Value Option).  
For the purposes of this paragraph, the "Capitalised Fair Market Value" means the fair market value of the 
Bond capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at theExane EUR Capitalized 
Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index , or any other rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in 
paragraph 35 of the relevant Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods 
described in paragraphs (a) and (b) above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Adjustment methods applicable to Indices 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
(a) 
Calculation and publication of an Index by a New Sponsor 
If an Index ceases to be calculated and/or published by the Sponsor of such Index , but is calculated and/or 
published by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (the "New Sponsor"), the reference level of the 
Index shall be determined on the basis of the level of the Index as calculated and/or published by the New 
Sponsor. 
The name of the New Sponsor and the terms and conditions for the calculation and/or distribution of the Index 
shall be notified as soon as possible to the Holders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(b) 
Change in the calculation or replacement of an Index  
If, the Sponsor or, if applicable, the New Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula 
for or method of calculation that Index or in any other way materially modified that Index (other that a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent 
stock and capitalization and other routine event), or if the Sponsor replaces by a successor index using in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or substantially similar formula for and method of calculation 
as used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case such new Index must be used as the new underlying 
instrument of the Bonds, the Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
use the Index so calculated or replace the Index with the new index, as applicable, by multiplying it, if 
necessary, by a factor that ensures the continuity of the Index used as the underlying instrument for the 
Bonds; the Index so calculated or the new index, as applicable, as well as the factor, if necessary, shall 
be notified as soon as possible to the Holders in accordance with Condition 13; or 
(b) 
make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
proceed with Substitution of the affected Index. 
(c) 
Non-publication or cessation of calculation of an Index  
If, on the Valuation Date or an earlier date, the Sponsor or the New Sponsor fails to publish or definitively stops 
calculating the level of the Index without providing a new Index, or if it is no longer possible to use the Index as

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
the Underlying the Bonds, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Bonds, including electing to implement Substitution of the affected Index. 
(d) 
Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due 
to the promulgation of , or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has or will become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of the relevant Indices or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or 
dispose of Hedged Positions relating to its Bonds, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations under the Bonds (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position).  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Index if a Change in Law occurs. 
(e) 
Hedging Disruption 
Hedging Disruption means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk generated by issuing the relevant Bond and performing 
its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s).  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Index if a Hedging Disruption occurs. 
(f) 
Increased Cost of Hedging  
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to hedge the market risk of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the relevant Bond, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging.  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Index if an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs. 
(iii) 
Additional methods of adjustment for Proprietary Indices 
(a) 
Publication of a Substitute Proprietary Index 
If a Proprietary Index (i) ceases to be calculated by the Index Calculation Agent of such Proprietary Index and/or 
ceases to be published by the Sponsor of such Proprietary Index but is calculated by a replacement index 
calculation agent (the Replacement Index Calculation Agent) acceptable to the Calculation Agent and/or is 
published by a replacement sponsor (the Replacement Sponsor) acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) is 
replaced by a new proprietary index which uses, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula and calculation method as that used to calculate such Proprietary Index then, in

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
each case, such substitute Proprietary Index (the Substitute Proprietary Index) shall be deemed to be the 
Proprietary Index. 
(b) 
Modification and cessation of calculation of a Proprietary Index 
If the Sponsor, or if applicable, the Replacement Sponsor, announces that it will make a material change to the 
formula or method of calculating that Proprietary Index or in any other way materially modified that Proprietary 
Index (other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain such Proprietary 
Index in the event of change to any of the Index Components comprised in the Proprietary Index, their 
capitalisation or any other routine event) (Proprietary Index Modification) or permanently cancels the 
Proprietary Index and no Substitute Proprietary Index exists (Proprietary Index Cancellation), then the 
Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds by, in particular, 
calculating the level of such Proprietary Index in accordance with the Index Rules in force prior to such 
modification or cancellation, but using only the Index Components immediately prior to such Proprietary Index 
Modification or Proprietary Index Cancellation, or the Calculation Agent may proceed with Substitution of the 
Proprietary Index. 
(c) 
Change of Index Advisor 
The Calculation Agent may proceed with Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index if (i) the Index Advisor 
ceases to perform its functions and no satisfactory successor, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has been 
appointed to replace it within five (5) Exchange Business Days following such event, (ii) there is a change of 
control of the Index Advisor or (iii) the Index Advisor is no longer able, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
to perform its functions with the same care and attention as prior to the Issue Date, in particular due to a legal or 
regulatory decision or decision of a supervisory authority or is the subject of judicial reorganisation, liquidation 
or insolvency proceedings or, at any time, ceases to honour its debts or is the subject of a temporary or 
permanent withdrawal of its licence, or is the subject of disciplinary or administrative proceedings initiated by its 
supervisory authorities or acts in a fraudulent manner or any other event occurs which, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, has a material adverse effect on the Proprietary Index. 
(d) 
Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after, the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due 
to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has or will become illegal or contrary to any 
Applicable Regulation for the Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedged Positions in relation to its 
Bonds, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Bonds (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position).  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index if a Change in Law occurs. 
(e) 
Hedging Disruption 
Hedging Disruption means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the index price risk or any other relevant price 
risk including but not limited to the currency risk generated by issuing the relevant Bond and performing its 
obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s).

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index if a Hedging Disruption occurs. 
(f) 
Increased Cost of Hedging 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commission) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to hedge the market risk of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the relevant Bond, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index if an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs. 
(iv) 
General 
(a) If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Bonds for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Bonds, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Bonds in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 13.  
(c) Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
5.9 
Market Disruption Events and Adjustments for Commodity or Commodities Basket 
A. 
Definitions 
Silver means silver bars or non-allocated silver complying with LBMA rules, unless provided otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, relating to good delivery and fineness, in force at any time. 
Barrier means the Commodity Price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph C below 
Exchange means the principal exchange or regulated market on which the Commodity is traded, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Material Formula Change means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material 
change in the formula or method of calculation of the Reference Price of the relevant Commodity. 
Material Composition Change means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Issue Date of a 
material change in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity. 
Hedging Agreement means all hedging agreements entered into by the Issuer (and/or any of its affiliates) or any 
entities party to the Hedging Agreements entered into at any time to hedge the Bonds, including, without 
limitation, the purchase and/or sale of any securities, options, futures contracts on such securities, all certificates, 
of deposit relating to such securities and all related currency transactions. 
Commodity Reference Brokers means in respect of a Commodity (other than Precious Metals) for which the 
Commodity Reference Price is the Commodity Reference Broker Price, the four brokers specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if none are specified, four prime brokers on the relevant market, selected by the 
Issuer. 
Precious Metals Reference Brokers means, in respect of any Precious Metals for which the Commodity 
Reference Price is the Commodity Reference Broker Price, the four leading brokers (members of the LBMA) 
specified in the Final Terms, or if such Precious Metals Reference Brokers are not so specified, those chosen by 
the Calculation Agent, unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms.  
Initial Valuation Date shall have the meaning given thereto in the Technical Annex. 
Event Effective Date means, for the purposes of a Market Disruption Event, the date on which the relevant 
Event becomes effective. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading sessions. 
Valuation Time means the time on the relevant Valuation Date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date. 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a Commodity, an Exchange Business Day (Single 
Commodity Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Commodity Basket (a) an Exchange Business Day (All Commodities 
Basis) or (b) an Exchange Business Day (Per Commodity Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that if no Exchange Business Day is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Exchange Business 
Day (All Commodities Basis) shall be deemed to apply.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Exchange Business Day (Single Commodity Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange and Related Exchange, if applicable, are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange prior to the Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Commodity Basis) means, in respect of a Commodity Basket, any day on which 
the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange associated with such Commodity are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
Exchange Business Day (All Commodities Basis) means, in respect of a Commodity Basket, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange prior to the 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a Commodity, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Commodity Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Commodity Basket, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Commodities 
Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Commodity Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that if no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Commodities Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Commodity Basis) means, in respect of a Commodity Basket, any day on which 
the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange associated with such Commodity are scheduled to be open for 
trading during their regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Commodity Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and 
relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Commodities Basis) means, in respect of a Commodity Basket, any day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange associated with all of the Commodities comprised in the Commodity 
Basket are scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading sessions. 
Commodity Business Day means for a Commodity (other than Precious Metals) in respect of which the 
Commodity Reference Price is not a Price announced or published by an Exchange, a day on which the Sponsor 
of the Commodity Reference Price or the Price Source has published (or would, but for the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event, have published) a Price; and in respect of any Precious Metal, any day on which 
commercial banks are open in London and New York and in any place which the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
may determine is the place where payment shall or must be made for such Precious Metals pursuant to any 
related Hedging Agreements.  
LBMA means the London Bullion Market Association, or its successor. 
LPPM means the London Platinum and Palladium Market, or its successor. 
Related Exchange means an organised market on which futures contracts and/or options on a Commodity are 
traded, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or any successor market or any other market that may be 
nominated subsequently by the Issuer to replace the Related Exchange specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity means subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph C below, (a) (i) a commodity, (ii) 
options contracts relating to a commodity, (iii) futures contracts relating to a commodity, (iv) options contracts 
relating to futures contracts on a commodity, (v) swap contracts relating to any of the elements referred to in (i) 
to (iv), or (vi) any other contract, derivative or otherwise, relating to a commodity, or (b) Precious Metals, if 
specified as the commodity referred to in (i) to (iv) above, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. All related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Substitute Commodity means a Commodity (i) which is not an Underlying of the Bond and (ii) which, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to those of the excluded Commodity (underlying, 
currency, maturity, liquidity of hedging instruments, or any other relevant parameter, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent). 
Precious Metals means Gold, Silver, Platinum or Palladium, or any other metal specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as the case may be.  
Gold means gold bars or non-allocated gold complying with LBMA rules, unless provided otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, relating to good delivery and fineness, in force at any time. 
Palladium means palladium ingots or plaques or non-allocated palladium complying with LPPM rules, unless 
provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, relating to good delivery and fineness, in force at any time. 
Platinum means platinum ingots or plaques or non-allocated platinum complying with LPPM rules, unless 
provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, relating to good delivery and fineness, in force at any time. 
Basket means a basket comprising Commodities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in such proportion 
or number of Commodities as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Multi-Exchange Basket means, in respect of a Commodities Basket specified as being a Multi-Exchange 
Basket in the applicable Final Terms, the fact that the Commodities comprised in such Commodity Basket are, or 
are deemed to be, traded on several markets, such that the definitions set forth in this Condition 5.9, shall apply 
to such Commodity Basket and to each of the Commodities comprised therein. 
Mono-Exchange Basket means, in respect of a Commodities Basket specified as being a Mono-Exchange 
Basket in the applicable Final Terms, the fact that each Commodity comprised in such Commodity Basket is, or 
is deemed to be, traded on the same market, such that the definitions set forth in this Condition 5.9, shall apply to 
such Mono-Exchange Basket and each of the Commodities comprised in such Commodity Basket. 
Price Source Disruption means in respect of a Commodity (a) the failure by the relevant Price Source to 
announce or publish the Price (or the necessary information to determine the Price) for the Reference Price of the 
relevant Commodity; (b) the disappearance or temporary or permanent unavailability of the Price Source; (c) if 
the Commodity Reference Price is the Commodity Reference Broker Price, the inability to obtain at least three 
quotations from the Commodity Reference Brokers or Precious Metals Reference Brokers, as the case may be; or 
(d) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Material Price Differential Percentage applies, the fact that the 
Price of the relevant Commodity determined by reference to the Commodity Reference Price differs from the 
Price determined by reference to the Commodity Reference Broker Price, where such difference reaches the 
Material Price Differential Percentage.  
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Commodity comprised in the Commodity Basket, the percentage or 
fraction specified, in respect of such Commodity, in the applicable Final Terms. 
Material Price Differential Percentage means the percentage, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Hedged Position means any purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Bonds, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
Price means the price, level or rate of the relevant Commodity, as the case may be. 
Commodity Reference Broker Price means that the Price on any given date shall be determined on the basis of 
quotations, provided by Commodity Reference Brokers or Precious Metals Reference Brokers, as the case may

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
be, indicating the Price of the relevant Commodity on such date. If four requested quotations are provided, the 
Price for such date shall be the arithmetic average of the Prices for such Commodity, transmitted by each 
Reference Broker or Precious Metals Reference Broker, as the case may be, excluding the highest quoted Price 
and the lowest quoted Price. If three requested quotations are provided, the Price for such date shall be the Price 
transmitted by the Reference Broker or the Precious Metals Reference Broker, as the case may be, that remains 
having excluded the highest quoted Price and the lowest quoted Price. For this purpose, if more than one 
quotation specifies the same highest and lowest values, one such quoted Price shall be excluded. If less than 
three quotations are provided, it shall be deemed to have been impossible to determine the Price on such date.  
Initial Price means the price for a Commodity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the price for such Commodity as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Initial Valuation Date, subject to adjustment at any 
time in accordance with the provisions of paragraph C below. 
Commodity Reference Price means, in respect of any Commodity, the reference price specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Price Source means the publication (or any other reference source, in particular an Exchange or a Commodity 
Reference Price Sponsor) containing (or publishing) the relevant price (or the price used as the basis for 
calculating the relevant price) specified in the relevant Commodity Reference Price. 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the 
Commodity Reference Price and (b) announces (directly or indirectly) the Commodity Reference Price on a 
regular basis during each Business Day, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph C below. 
Substitution means the cessation by the Calculation Agent of the indexation of the Bonds to the Commodity and 
its replacement by a Substitute Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Basket, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the 
affected Commodity) the crystallisation at the fair market value of the Commodity on the relevant Event 
Effective Date. 
B. 
Market disruption events 
(i) 
Definitions  
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence (i) of a Trading Disruption, (ii) a Market 
Disruption, (iii) a Price Source Disruption which the Calculation Agent determines is material and occurs at any 
time during the one hour period ending at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iv) an Early Closure. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Exchange or, if applicable, of the 
Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or such Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if applicable, Related Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
Disrupted Day means a Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Exchange and/or Related Exchange are not 
open for trading for the regular trading session or (ii) the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor does not publish 
the Commodity Reference Price or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Market Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or Trading Disruption or Price Source 
Disruption) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants 
in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, Commodities on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant 
Commodity, on the Related Exchange. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Exchange or, if applicable, 
the relevant Related Exchange or otherwise, whether by reason of price fluctuations exceeding limits permitted 
by the Exchange or the relevant Related Exchange or otherwise, (i) in such Commodity on the relevant 
Exchange, or (ii) on futures or options contracts relating to such Commodity on the relevant Related Exchange.  
(ii) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event on a Valuation Date 
If a Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of the 
Commodity at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
(iii) Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, of the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event on any date which, in the absence of such Market Disruption Event, would have been the Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall, as soon as possible, notify the Holders of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 13. 
C. 
Adjustments 
(i) 
Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting a Commodity (an Event) occur, the Calculation 
Agent may, as regards Bonds in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the Valuation Date, 
continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers necessary. To this end, the 
Calculation Agent shall decide either to: 
• 
apply the same method as that applied by the Related Exchange (if applicable) or any other 
relevant authority (the Related Exchange Method); or 
• 
apply the methods described in paragraph (ii) et seq. to adapt the Bond to the modifications to 
the Commodity or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method);if the relevant Commodity 
is not governed by French law, the methods described in paragraph (ii) below may be modified 
to ensure compliance with local commercial practices and/or regulations; or 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Bonds. In that case, the 
Issuer shallterminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in accordance with Condition 13, 
of the fair market value of the Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Settlement 
terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair market value (the 
Settlement Method).Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value shall 
be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the "Capitalised Fair Market Value" means the fair market value

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
of the Bond capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the 
capitalised Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker 
EXDMEURC Index, or any other rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 35 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a), (b) and 
(c) above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Adjustment methods applicable to Commodities 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
(a) 
No price quotations for the Commodity  
If trading in the relevant Commodity on the Exchange or relevant Related Market does not commence or ceases 
definitively, the Calculation Agent may proceed with Substitution of the relevant Commodity. 
(b) 
Disappearence of the Commodity Reference Price 
If the relevant Commodity Reference Price (i) is not determined, calculated or published by the Exchange or the 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor, but is calculated by a successor exchange or successor Commodity 
Reference Price Sponsor, deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) is replaced by a successor 
commodity which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, uses the same or substantially similar terms, formula 
and calculation method as those used to determine or calculate the Commodity Reference Price, the Calculation 
Agent may proceed with Substitution of the relevant Commodity. 
(c) 
Change of Commodity Reference Price 
If the Exchange or relevant Commodity Reference Price Sponsor announces that it is to make a Material 
Formula Change, the Calculation Agent may either: 
• 
calculate the Commodity Reference Price using the formula and calculation method for the Reference 
Price for such Commodity, in force immediately prior to the adjustment event; or  
• 
implement Substitution of the relevant Commodity. 
(d) 
Change of Commodity 
If the Exchange or relevant Commodity Reference Price Sponsor announces that it is to make a Material 
Composition Change, the Calculation Agent may either: 
• 
calculate the Commodity Reference Price using the formula and calculation method for the Reference 
Price for such Commodity, in force immediately prior to the adjustment event; or 
• 
implement Substitution of the relevant Commodity.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
(e) 
Tax Disruption 
If, after the Issue Date, in respect of a Commodity, any government or taxation authority imposes, changes or 
abolishes any tax or duty charged on the relevant Commodity, the effect of which is to increase or reduce the 
Commodity Reference Price, the Calculation Agent may either: 
• 
calculate the Commodity Reference Price using the formula and calculation method for the Reference 
Price for such Commodity, in force immediately prior to the adjustment event; or 
• 
implement Substitution of the relevant Commodity. 
(f) 
Price Correction  
If the Price announced by the Exchange or by the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor, used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of any determination, is subsequently corrected and if the correction is published by the 
Exchange or by the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor within two Scheduled Trading Days of the original 
publication, and, in any event, no later than the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the 
payment date of the amount due and payable under the Bonds, to which the original determination relates, the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the corrected value to the Issuer, as soon as reasonably practicable and shall 
determine the relevant value. 
If the result of the determination of the relevant value by the Calculation Agent differs from the result of the 
original determination, the Calculation Agent may, if it considers it necessary, acting reasonably but at its sole 
discretion, adjust all relevant provisions of these Conditions accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Holders may not bring any claim against the Issuer or the Calculation Agent if 
any original determination is not subsequently corrected and/or if the correction of the original determination is 
published by the Exchange or the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor after the second Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the Bonds, to which the original 
determination related. 
(g) 
Change of law 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Commodity if, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or any order or 
decision of any regulatory or taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock exchange, or 
(B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxation authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has become illegal or contrary to 
any applicable regulation for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedged Positions in relation to its 
Bonds, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Bonds (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position).  
(h) 
Hedging disruption 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Commodity if, the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the commodity risk 
generated by issuing the relevant Bond and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
(i) 
Increase in hedging costs 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Commodity if, the Hedging Party incurs a materially increased (as 
compared with the circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to hedge the commodity risk 
generated by issuing the relevant Bond and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an 
increased cost of hedging. 
(iii) 
General provisions 
(a) If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Bonds for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Bonds, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Bonds in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 13.  
(c) Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
5.10 MARKET DISRUPTION EVENT AND ADJUSTMENTS FOR FUND OR FUNDS BASKET 
 
A. Definitions 
Assets Under Management means the market value of the assets of the relevant Fund. 
Depositary means the entity acting as depositary of the Fund, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Fund means any collective investment scheme or structure governed by French or foreign law, or any sub-fund 
of a collective investment scheme or structure governed by French or foreign law, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Fund Administrator means the administrator, manager, trustee or other similar person with principal 
administrative responsibility for the Fund, in accordance with the Fund Documents, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Fund Adviser means any person authorised to act as discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary 
investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser of a discretionary manager or another non-
discretionary investment adviser) for the Fund, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Basket means a basket comprised of Fund Units specified in the applicable Final Terms, to which 
Weightings have been attributed as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Business Day (All Funds Basis) means, in respect of each Fund Unit comprised in a Fund Basket, any 
date on which a Valid Order may be executed by a Hypothetical Investor based on the Fund Documents in force 
on the Issue Date of the Securities. 
Fund Business Day (Per Fund Basis) means, in respect of any Fund Unit comprised in a Fund Basket, any date 
on which a Valid Order may be executed by a Hypothetical Investor based on the Fund Documents in force on 
the Issue Date of the Securities. 
Fund Business Day (Single Fund Basis) means any date on which a Valid Order may be executed by a 
Hypothetical Investor based on the Fund Documents in force on the Issue Date of the Securities. 
Fund Business Day means, either (i) in the case of a Fund, a Fund Business Day (Single Fund Basis) or (ii) in 
the case of a Fund Basket, (a) a Fund Business Day (All Fund Basis) or (b) Fund Business Day (Per Share 
Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no Fund Business Day is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Basis) shall be deemed to apply. For the 
purpose of a Basket of Multi Underlyings Fund Business Day will mean “Scheduled Trading Day”. For the 
purpose of the Technical Annex and of the definitions in Condition 1 of “Exchange Business Day (All Multi 
Underlyings Basis)”and “Exchange Business Day (Per Multi Underlyings Basis)”, Fund Business Day will mean 
Exchange Business Day. 
Fund Documents mean, with respect to any Fund, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription 
agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund and, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the Fund in force on the Issue Date of 
the relevant Securities. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect to any Fund, any person or entity who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including 
(without limitation) any Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator, manager, trustee, auditor or similar person with the

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, Management Company, Depositary, custodian, 
subcustodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent. 
Fund Unit means, in respect of a Fund, means, in respect of a Fund incorporated as a company, an ordinary 
share in the capital of the Fund or, as the case may be, in respect of a Fund incorporated as a mutual fund, a 
collective investment securities, a French fonds commun de placement or a trust, a unit of account of ownership 
in the Fund, or any other legal form of security or ownership with the ISIN (International Securities 
Identification Number) code or any other identification code as of the Issue Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
Hedged Position means the purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives, Fund Units or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other 
instruments or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of 
the Issuer's obligations under the Bonds, whether individually or on a portfolio basis.  
Hypothetical Investor means any hypothetical or real investor (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the 
context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Unit, who is deemed to have the rights and obligations, as specified in 
the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding a Fund Unit on the relevant date. The Calculation Agent 
may assume that the Hypothetical Investor is resident in a jurisdiction or incorporated in a jurisdiction, and that it 
is, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as 
the Calculation Agent may determine in the context of the relevant situation). 
Management Company means any entity appointed in the Fund Documentation in the role of managing the 
assets of the Fund and, in each case, any entity to whom each such entity may delegate any of its duties, rights, 
obligations or liabilities in respect of such Fund and any successor entity thereto, and, in each case, such other 
management company as the Calculation Agent may determine is for the time being the manager of such Fund, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Net Asset Value or NAV means, in respect of a Fund, the net asset value of the Fund Unit, as calculated and 
published by the Management Company or the Fund Administrator or any of its Fund Service Provider or other 
person that generally reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors on the relevant date, it being 
specified that the Calculation Agent may adjust the net asset value of the Fund Unit to reflect, without 
duplication, the portion borne by the Fund Unit of all costs, commissions, expenses, charges, duties, taxes or 
deductions that may be payable and/or incurred in connection with the subscription or settlement of this Fund 
Unit. 
New Fund Units means the units or securities of the new fund in the case of a Merger or the unit or security 
resulting from a Spin-off (as the case may be), received upon such Event by a holder of Fund Units prior to such 
Event. Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, by reference to the 
applicable exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event that the original unit or security must be 
substituted for several different categories of units or shares, the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for 
the relevant units or securities one (or more) of such units or securities (the Selected Fund Unit(s)). In this case, 
the value of the unit(s) or security(ies) not selected (the Excluded Fund Unit(s)) shall be expressed as a number 
or a fraction of a number of one (or more) of the Selected Fund Unit(s), at the Calculation Agent’s choice, which 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the executed level for an Hypothetical Investor of 
both the Selected Fund Unit(s) and the Excluded Fund Unit(s), recorded simultaneously on the Event Effective 
Date. If the substituted unit(s) or share(s) include one or more unit(s) or share(s) with no executed level for a 
Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market value of such unit(s) or share(s) on 
the Event Effective Date. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Substitute Fund Unit means a unit or share in any Fund (i) which is not a Fund Unit of the relevant Bonds, (ii) 
which has, in the opinion of the Calculating Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Fund Unit 
(classification, management objective, investment guidelines or any other relevant parameter in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent) and (iii) whose method of determination and frequency of Net Asset Value calculation is 
deemed satisfactory by the Calculation Agent. 
Substitution means the cessation by the Calculation Agent of the indexation of the Bonds to the Fund Unit and 
its replacement by a Substitute Fund Unit or, solely in the case of a Fund Basket, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the 
affected Fund) the crystallisation of the fair market value of the Fund Unit on the relevant Event Effective Date.  
Valid Order means a valid subscription or repayment order sent by the required deadline to the Fund or to the 
Fund Service Provider which generally accepts such orders, which complies with the subscription and settlement 
notice periods and the date and time limits specified in the Fund Documents. 
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Fund 
Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day, subject to the consequences of a Fund Disruption Event 
set forth in paragraph B(ii) below. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such time is specified, 
the time at which the Net Asset Value is published by the Fund (or by the Fund Service Provider which generally 
determines such value). 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Fund comprised in the Fund Basket, the relevant percentage or 
fraction specified, in respect of such Funds, in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. Fund Disruption Event 
 
(i) Definitions 
Disrupted Day means, in the case of Securities issued on a single Fund or a Fund Basket, any Fund Business 
Day on which a Fund Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing.  
Fund Disruption Event means, in the case of Bonds issued on a single Fund or a Fund Basket, the occurrence 
or existence of (i) Valuation Disruption, (ii) a Settlement Disruption or (iii) a Liquidity Disruption, that the 
Calculation Agent determines is material. Exceptionally, if an event occurs which constitutes both a Fund 
Disruption Event and an Event (as defined below) for such Fund Unit, such event shall constitute an Event for 
such Fund Unit and not a Fund Disruption Event. For the purpose of a Basket of Multi Underlyings only Fund 
Disruption Event will mean a “Market Disruption Event”.  
Liquidity Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any suspension, limitation or delay affecting the 
settlement of such Fund Units, whether in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Documents or for any 
other reason.  
Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date means, with respect to any Fund Unit, the date on which the Fund (or its 
Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) is scheduled, in accordance with its Fund 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision permitting the Fund 
to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Units) to determine the Net Asset Value of such Fund Unit for purposes of 
calculating the settlement proceeds to be paid to an investor who has submitted a valid notice by the required 
Fund Unit settlement deadline for settlement of Fund Unit, based on the value determined on such date. The 
Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date, relating to any Valuation Date, shall be the Scheduled Settlement 
Valuation Date occurring on such Valuation Date, or, if no Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date occurs on such 
Valuation Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Unit on any date, failure by the Fund to pay the full amount 
(whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the Settlement Proceeds due in respect of such Fund Unit, as 
such amount should have been paid at the latest by such date in accordance with the Fund Documents (without 
giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision permitting the Fund to delay or refuse 
settlement of Fund Units). 
Settlement Notification Date means, in respect of any Fund Unit and Valuation Date, the latest date on which a 
Hypothetical Investor in such Fund Unit would be authorised, pursuant to the Fund Documents, to submit a 
settlement notice by the required deadline for settlement on the Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date taking 
place on such Valuation Date, or, if no Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date occurs on such Valuation Date, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date. 
Settlement Proceeds means the proceeds, as determined by the Calculation Agent, that would be paid by the 
Fund to a Hypothetical Investor whose Fund Units are being redeemed on the relevant Settlement Valuation 
Date, provided that (1) all proceeds to be paid in property other than cash shall be valued by the Calculation 
Agent at its reasonable discretion, and (2) if the Hypothetical Investor has the right to opt for payment of such 
settlement proceeds to be made either in cash or in property, the Hypothetical Investor shall be deemed to have 
opted for payment of such proceeds in cash. 
Settlement Valuation Date means, in respect of any Fund Unit and any Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date, 
the date on which the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) determines the 
Net Asset Value of such Fund Unit for purposes of calculating the settlement proceeds to be paid to a 
Hypothetical Investor who has submitted a valid settlement notice at the latest by the corresponding Settlement 
Notification Date. 
Valuation Disruption means that: 
(a) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Unit is not determined and/or published by the Fund (or the Fund Service 
Provider which generally determines such value) in accordance with the provisions of the Fund 
Documents; 
(b) 
the determination and/or publication of the Net Asset Value of the Fund Unit, in accordance with the 
Fund Documents, has/have been suspended; or  
(c) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Unit published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider which 
generally determines such value) is incorrect or misrepresents the Net Asset Value of the Fund Unit, in 
the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) Consequences of a Fund Disruption Event on a Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1.1) is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) In the case of a Security on a single Fund Unit, such Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Fund 
Business Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Fund Business Days immediately following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of the Fund 
Unit at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
(B) in the case of a Security on a Fund Basket, the Valuation Date for all Fund Units of the Fund Basket included 
those not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Fund Business Day which is 
not a Disrupted Day for the Fund Unit affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight 
Fund Business Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for all Fund Units of the 
Fund Basket, including the Fund Unit affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for the relevant affected Fund Unit, and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
good faith the fair value of that affected Fund Unit at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
(iii) Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Fund Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, but for the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event, would have been the Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
C. Adjustments 
 
(i) Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting a Fund Unit (an Event) occur, the Calculation 
Agent may, as regards Bonds in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the Valuation Date 
(as defined in Condition 1), continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers 
necessary. To this end, the Calculation Agent shall decide either to: 
• 
apply the methods described in paragraph (ii) to adapt the Bonds to the modifications to the Fund Unit 
or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); or  
 
• 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Bonds. In that case, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in accordance with Condition 13, of the fair 
market value of the Bonds in the case of Cash Settlement or, if applicable, the quantity of Fund Units to 
be delivered in the case of Physical Delivery (the Deliverable Fund Units), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair 
market value, in the case of Cash Settlement or, if applicable, by delivery of the relevant quantity of 
Deliverable Fund Units, in the case of Physical Settlement (the Settlement Method).Notwithstanding 
the aforementioned, if such option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value, in the case of Cash Settlement or, if applicable, delivery 
of the relevant quantity of Deliverable Fund Units, in the case of Physical Settlement shall be made on 
the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For the purposes of this paragraph, 
the "Capitalised Fair Market Value" means the fair market value of the Security capitalised between 
the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the capitalisedExane EUR Capitalized Monetary 
Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index , or any other rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 35 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) Adjustment methods applicable to Funds 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method , it may make the following adjustments.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
To this end, the Events applicable to a Fund Unit, its relevant Fund and/or any of its Fund Service Providers are 
defined as follows and include the Potential Adjustment Event, Merger, Spin-off, Nationalization, Insolvency, 
Fund Insolvency Event, Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension, Subscription and/or Settlement 
Modification, Fees Modification, Fund Documents Modification, Fund Service Provider Event, Net Asset Value 
Disruption, Fund Modification, Holding Event, Strategy Breach, Decrease of Assets Under Management, 
Holding Ratio, Regulatory Action, Breach of Related Contract(s), Know Your Fund Procedures, Change in Law, 
Hedging Disruption, Increase Cost of Hedging, Reporting Disruption or Other events. 
(a) Potential Adjustment Event 
In the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any 
other terms of the Bonds. 
Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(1). 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Unit to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or 
similar issue; 
(2). 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Unit of (A) an additional 
amount of such Fund Unit, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Fund Unit, or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other 
type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(3). 
a dividend or other form of distribution which the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole discretion 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, should (in whole or part) be 
characterised as extraordinary; 
(4). 
a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Units whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Units initiated by an investor in 
such Fund Units that is consistent with the Fund Documents; or 
(5). 
any other similar event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Fund Units or the quantity of the Fund Units. 
(b) Merger  
(1). 
Definitions 
Merger means, in respect of any relevant Fund Units, any: 
(i) reclassification or change of such Fund Units that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Fund Units outstanding to another entity or person; 
(ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding fund units exchange of the Fund (or any applicable Fund 
Service Provider, as the context may require) with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding fund units exchange of all of such Fund Units outstanding); 
(iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 % of the outstanding Fund Units of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Provider, as the context may require) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all 
such Fund Units (other than such Fund Units owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
(iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding fund units exchange of the Fund (or any applicable Fund 
Service Provider, as the context may require) or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Fund 
(or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require) is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Fund Units outstanding but results in the outstanding Fund 
Units (other than Fund Units owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding Fund Units immediately following such event (a 
"Reverse Merger"), 
in each case if the Event Effective Date is on or before, (A) in the case of a Security with Physical Settlement, 
the Settlement Date, or (B) in the case of a Security with Cash Settlement, the last occurring Valuation Date. 
(2). 
Consequences  
In the event that a Merger occurs in respect of a Fund Unit, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, 
payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to (a) replace the Fund Units with New Fund Units 
or (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit. 
(c) Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Fund (a Spin-Off), the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or 
any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to (a) replace the Fund Units with New Fund Units or (b) 
implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit. 
(d) Nationalization 
Nationalization means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalized, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
In the event of a Nationalization, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of 
the Bonds, including electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit. 
(e) Insolvency 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution 
or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (i) all the Fund Units of that Fund are required 
to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund 
become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them. 
In the event of the Insolvency, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of 
the Bonds, including electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit. 
(f) Fund Insolvency Event 
A Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund (or any applicable Fund 
Service Provider, as the context may require): 
(i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant 
to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors;

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
(iii) (A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization 
or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (B) 
has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not 
described in clause (A) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen (15) days of the institution or representation thereof; 
(iv) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(v) has secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and 
such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within fifteen (15) days thereafter; or 
(vi) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has 
an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (i) through (vi) above. 
In the event of a Fund Insolvency Event, the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Bonds, including electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit. 
(g) Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension  
Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension means that settlements and/or subscriptions in the Fund are 
suspended, postponed, reduced, subject to any threshold or other constraint or partially executed or the Fund is 
closed to subscriptions and settlements, for any reason, without having obtained the prior written consent of the 
Calculation Agent.  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension occurs. 
(h) Subscription and/or Settlement Modification 
Subscription and/or Settlement Modification means that (a) new subscription and/or settlement costs for a 
relevant Fund Unit are introduced, (b) the notice period for Fund Unit subscriptions and/or settlements is 
modified without having obtained the prior written consent of the Calculation Agent or (c) the Fund modifies the 
terms and conditions at which subscription and/or settlement orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund 
as provided in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the Bonds or implements a modification of the 
conditions at which subscription and/or settlement orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless 
as to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Issue 
Date of the Bonds. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Subscription and/or Settlement Modification occurs. 
(i) Fees Modification 
Fees Modification means that (i) the Fund applies subscription or settlement fees that are higher than the 
maximum subscription fees (the Maximum Subscription Fees) and the maximum redemption fees (the

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Maximum Settlement Fees) respectively, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) the Fund applies any 
other fees (including any transaction fees or administrative costs) which are not specified in the Fund Documents 
at the Issue Date of the Bonds. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Fees Modification occurs. 
(j) Fund Documents Modification 
Fund Documents Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents from those 
prevailing on the Issue Date of the Bonds that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund Unit 
or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-end fund that becomes a 
closed-end fund) as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Fund Documents Modification occurs. 
(k) Fund Service Provider Event 
Fund Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation or termination of any Fund Service Provider and 
no successor deemed satisfactory in the opinon of the Calculation Agent has been appointed within five (5) Fund 
Business Days following such event, (b) a change of control or indirect control of the Fund Service Provider, (c) 
any Fund Service Provider is no longer able in the opinion of the Calculation Agent to execute its duties with the 
same level of care and diligence as of the Issue Date of the Bonds, in particular as a result of a legal, regulatory 
or supervisory decision, (d) any Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event, 
where “Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event” has the same meaning as a Fund Insolvency Event described in 
Condition 5.10 C.ii.f above, (e) any Fund Service Provider fails to meet its financial commitments at any time, 
(f) any Fund Service Provider is subject to temporary or definitive withdrawal of its license or to disciplinary or 
administrative proceedings from its supervisory authorities or acts fraudulently in relation to the Fund, (g) in the 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, any Fund Service Provider is no longer deemed able to carry out its 
business with the standard care which was prevailing on the Issue Date of the Bonds, (h) the resignation, 
termination, death or replacement of any key person in the management of the Fund has occured or (i) any other 
event which may, in the view of the Calculation Agent, have a material adverse effect on the Fund. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Fund Service Provider Event occurs. 
(l) Net Asset Value Disruption 
Net Asset Value Disruption means that (a) the Fund does not determine its Net Asset Value in accordance with 
its Fund Documents, (b) fails to publish its Net Asset Value in accordance with its Fund Documents or (c) fails 
to carry out any action necessary for such determination or publication.  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Net Asset Value Disruption occurs. 
(m) Fund Modification 
Fund Modification means (i) any failure by the Fund Adviser to act in accordance with the investment 
objectives, risk profile or investment guidelines of the Fund, (ii) the imposition by any regulatory body of any 
restriction limiting the ability of any Fund Service Provider to buy or sell shares or other assets, (iii) any 
limitation on the ability of any Fund Service Provider to buy or sell shares or other assets, for reasons relating to 
liquidity, unfavourable market conditions or decrease in the value of the Fund's assets, or (iv) the Fund has 
violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the 
Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets, where, in 
each case, the Calculation Agent considers that such situation is unlikely to be remedied within a reasonable 
time. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Fund Modification occurs. 
 
(n) Holding Event 
Holding Event means that the Assets Under Management of the Fund falls to the extent that the Issuer or any 
third party with which the Issuer enters into hedging arrangements, in respect of its obligations under the Bonds, 
holds, on any Fund Business Day, Fund Units in an amount or percentage as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the “Fund Holding Event Percentage”) or, if no such amount is specified, such Holding Event shall be 
deemed to be greater than 20% of the Assets Under Management of the Fund on such Fund Business Day. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if an Holding Event occurs. 
(o) Strategy Breach 
Strategy Breach means (1) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines specified in the 
relevant Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Unit or risk profile of the Fund 
or the rights and remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent) (2) or, 
even where the Fund Documents are not modified, any material modification or effect, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Bonds 
or of the performance of the Fund by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or 
reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity 
of the assets of the Fund, which in each case does not necessarily involve an amendment of the Fund Documents. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Strategy Breach occurs. 
(p) Decrease of Assets Under Management 
Decrease of Assets Under Management means that the Calculation Agent determines that during the last 
twelve (12) month period, the total value of the assets managed by the Management Company or the Fund 
Adviser (including the Fund) has decreased by fifty per cent (50%) (due to either a settlement or decrease in the 
value of such assets). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Decrease of Assets Under Management occurs. 
(q) Holding Ratio  
Holding Ratio means in the case of Assets Under Management fall below a threshold which, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent (i) has, or may have, a material adverse effect on the management and/or operating costs 
of the Fund, or (ii) increases the proportion of Units held or likely to be held by the Hedging Party to the extent 
that settlement in full of the Fund Units held by the Hedging Party is or may no longer be possible. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if an Holding Ratio occurs.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
(r) Regulatory Action 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Unit: 
(i) 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund or its Fund Unit by 
any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund or its Fund Unit;  
(ii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the Fund or its Fund Service 
Provider which is likely, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, to have an adverse impact 
on the value of such Fund Units or on any investor in the relevant Fund; or  
(iii) 
the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding 
or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation 
of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund 
Service Provider. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Regulatory Action occurs. 
(s) Breach of Related Contract(s) 
Breach of Related Contract(s) means that the Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the 
Fund Service Provider (i) fails to perform or breaches its obligations under any contract relating to the 
management of the Fund or any other contract relating to such Fund (the Related Contracts), (ii) terminate the 
Related Contract(s) for reasons beyond the control of the Issuer or any Hedging Party, (iii) disaffirms, disclaims, 
repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity of such Related Contract(s). The Related 
Contracts may include, among other thing, any agreement entered into by the Fund, Management Company, the 
Depositary and/or the Fund Service Provider with the Issuer or any Hedging Party. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Breach of Related Contract(s) occurs. 
(t) Know Your Fund Procedures 
Know Your Fund Procedures means that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the Fund does not comply, 
in full or in part, with the "know your fund" procedures (including in particular its obligations in respect of 
money-laundering and terrorism financing).  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Know Your Fund Procedures occurs. 
(u) Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of, or 
any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith that (X) it has become illegal for the Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of 
Hedged Positions (including the relevant Fund Units) in relation to its Bonds or that it has become illegal to 
maintain the Related Contract(s) (as referred to in section (s) (Breach of Related Contracts) above) entered into 
by the Hedging Party with the Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service 
Provider, or (Y) the Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the 
Bonds or the Related Contract(s) (as referred to in section (s) (Breach of Related Contracts) above) entered into 
by the Hedging Party with the Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Provider (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on its tax position). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Change in Law occurs. 
(v) Hedging Disruption 
Hedging Disruption means that the Hedging Party is unable, or it is impractical for the Hedging Party, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any Hedged Positions or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of such Hedged Positions, without 
limitation, where the reason for such inability or practical impossibility has arisen by reason of (i) all of the 
illiquid assets of the Fund constituting the whole or part of the Hedged Positions bieng transferred to a dedicated 
fund or account or to a dedicated structure pending liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing Fund 
Unit holders (side pocket), (ii) a limitation on the amount or number of settlements or subscriptions that the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider generally responsible for accepting settlement or subscription orders) will accept 
for a particular date on which the Fund normally accepts settlement orders (a gate), (iii) the suspension, for any 
reason, of subscription or settlement orders by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally responsible for 
accepting settlement or subscription orders), (iv) payment of the balance of settlement proceeds being postponed 
to a date falling after the date on which the financial statements of the Fund have been audited by the Fund’s 
statutory auditors (holdback), or an increase in the costs or fees charged by the relevant Fund (in particular, the 
charging of subscription/settlement fees (retainable by the Fund)), or (v) any mandatory settlement, in whole or 
in part, of such Fund Units imposed by the relevant Fund, whether such events were, in each case, imposed by 
the Fund without being contemplated in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the Bonds, or were already 
contemplated in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date, but were only implemented by the Fund after such 
date.  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if an Hedging Disruption occurs. 
(w) Increased Cost of Hedging 
Increase Cost of Hedging means that the Hedging Party incurs a materially increased (as compared with the 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hedged Positions, 
or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hedged Position(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party 
shall not be deemed an Increased Costs of Hedging.  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs. 
(x) Reporting Disruption 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Unit, (i) the occurrence of any event that, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Issuer, is affecting such Fund Unit that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, would 
make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the value of such Fund Unit, and 
such event continues for at least the time period specified in the related Final Terms or, if no such time period is 
specified, the foreseeable future; (ii) any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) 
information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Calculation Agent, or (B) 
information that has been previously delivered to the Calculation Agent in accordance with such Fund’s, or its 
authorised representative’s, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary for it to monitor 
such Fund’s compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar 
policies relating to such Fund Units.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit if a Reporting Disruption occurs. 
(y) Other events 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Unit, if any other events occur which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, affect the value or risk profile of the relevant Units. 
(iii) Delayed Settlement upon Occurrence of an Event 
 
If on the date falling two Business Days prior to the originally designated Maturity Date, Automatic Early 
Settlement Date or Optional Settlement Date as applicable, the Hedging Party has not, after having submitted a 
valid notice by the required Fund Unit settlement deadline for settlement of the relevant Fund Unit, received in 
full the Settlement Proceeds due in respect of such Fund Unit, the Calculation Agent may postpone the Maturity 
Date, Automatic Early Settlement Date or Optional Settlement Date as applicable, and notify the Holders thereof 
in accordance with Condition 13. As soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedging Party of the 
Settlement Proceeds, the Calculation Agent shall give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 13 (the 
"Delayed Settlement Notice") and settle the Securities on the date falling not more than five (5) Business Days 
following the receipt of the Delayed Settlement Notice (the "Delayed Settlement Date") by payment to each 
Holder of the Final Settlement Amount, Automatic Early Settlement Amount or Optional Settlement Amount 
provided that, if the Hedging Party does not receive in full the Settlement Proceeds within one calendar year 
after the originally designated Maturity Date, Automatic Early Settlement Date or Optional Settlement Date (or 
such other period specified in the applicable Final Terms) (the "Delayed Settlement Cut-Off Date"), the 
Calculation Agent shall notify Holders in accordance with Condition 13 of the settlement the Securities within 
ten (10) Business Days after the Delayed Settlement Cut-off Date, at the fair market value determined by the 
Calculation Agent, which may be equal to but not lower than zero, taking into account the proceeds effectively 
received by the Hedging Party in respect of the relevant Fund Unit; for the avoidance of doubt, no further 
payment in respect of the Securities will occur after such date. 
In the case of a Fund Basket comprised of Fund Units assigned the relevant Weighting, the Calculation Agent 
may also request the Issuer to settle in part the Securities on the originally designated Maturity Date, Automatic 
Early Settlement Date or Optional Settlement Date, as applicable, by giving notice to Holders in accordance with 
Condition 13; such a settlement shall be effected by reduction of the Nominal Value of the Securities in 
proportion to the Weighting of the Fund Unit(s) for which the Hedging Party has received in full the Settlement 
Proceeds. Consequently, the Issuer will pay to each Holder in respect of each Security held by him, an amount 
determined by the Calculation agent in accordance with the Final Settlement Amount, Automatic Early 
Settlement Amount or Optional Settlement Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, except that for the 
purpose of calculating such amount, the Net Asset Value of the Fund Unit(s) for which the Hedging Party has 
not received in full the Settlement Proceeds shall be deemed equal to zero (0). 
(iv) General provisions 
(a) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Bonds for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Bonds, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Bonds in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 13.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
(c) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 7.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice and any Physical Settlement pursuant to Condition 7.5 shall be 
made as soon as possible.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
5.11 Market Disruption Event and Adjustments for Futures Contract or Basket of Futures Contracts  
A. Definitions 
Basket means a basket comprising Futures Contracts, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, assigned the 
relevant Weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Business Day (All Futures Contracts Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Futures Contracts, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Futures Contract Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Futures Contract, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange associated with such Futures Contract is open for 
trading during its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding that such Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Futures Contract Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange is open for trading during its respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding that such 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a Futures Contract, an Exchange Business Day (Single 
Futures Contract Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Futures Contracts (a) an Exchange Business Day (All 
Futures Contracts Basis) or (b) an Exchange Business Day (Per Futures Contract Basis), in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no Exchange Business Day is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Futures Contracts Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Exchange means, for a Futures Contract, each exchange of quotation system specified as such in the Final 
Terms for a relevant Futures Contract, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Futures Contract has temporary relocated (provided that 
the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Futures Contract on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Execution Price means, for a Futures Contract, a fair value corresponding to the unwinding of the Futures 
Contract position by the Hedging Party, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner within one hour (or such other period specified in the applicable Final Terms) after the relevant Barrier 
Condition (as defined in the Technical Annex and as specified in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
event specified in the applicable Final Terms has occurred. 
Futures Contract means, in the case of an Issue of Bonds relating to a single Futures Contract, the futures 
contract to which the Bonds are linked such as the futures contract relating to a Futures Contract Underlying and 
in the case of an Issue of Bonds relating to a Basket of Futures Contracts, each Futures Contract, in both case as 
calculated and published by the Futures Contract Sponsor, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment at any time in accordance with the provisions of paragraph C below. 
Futures Contract Sponsor means the company or entity whose role is to (a) set and review the rules and 
procedures, calculation methods and adjustments relating to the Futures Contract, and (b) publish (directly or 
through an agent) the Futures Contract Price on a regular basis throughout each Scheduled Trading Day, 
specified as of the Issue Date in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the specific provisions set forth in 
paragraph B below. 
Futures Contract Underlying means, in respect of the relevant Futures Contract, the index(ices), share(s), debt 
instrument(s) or commodity(ies), as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Hedged Positions means any purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Bonds, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
Price means the price, level or rate of the Futures Contract, as the case may be. 
Rolling Futures Contract means, when specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the Bonds are 
relating to Futures Contracts that have delivery or expiry months that do not correspond with the term of the 
Bonds, and that in such case, on or prior to the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will select a Futures Contract 
and for each following day such futures contract will be the current Futures Contract (the “Current Futures 
Contract”) until a certain date shortly before the expiration date of the Current Futures Contract (the “Futures 
Rollover Date”); on each Futures Rollover Date, the Calculation Agent will select another Futures Contract, 
having identical terms but with a different maturity, and such contract shall be the Current Futures Contract until 
the next occurring Futures Rollover Date. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after-hours or 
any other trading outside of the regular trading times or sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures Contracts Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Futures Contracts, any 
day on which each Exchange associated with all of the Futures Contracts comprised in the Basket of Futures 
Contracts are scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Futures Contract Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Futures Contracts, any 
day on which the relevant Exchange associated with such Futures Contract is scheduled to be open for trading 
during its regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Futures Contract Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a Futures Contract, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Futures Contract Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Futures Contracts, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Futures Contracts Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Futures Contract Basis), in each case as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures Contracts Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Substitute Futures Contract means a futures contract (i) which is not the original Futures Contract of the 
Security as indicated in the Final Terms and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, similar 
features to those of the excluded Futures Contract (underlying, currency, maturity, liquidity of hedging 
instruments or any other pertinent feature, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent). 
Substitution means cessation by the Calculation Agent of indexation of the Bonds to the Futures Contract and 
its replacement with a Substitute Futures Contract or in the case of a Basket, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Futures 
Contract) the crystallisation of the fair market value of the Futures Contract on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Valuation Time means the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the relevant Exchanges closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, 
then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Futures Contract comprised in the Basket, the relevant percentage or 
fraction specified, in respect of such Futures Contract, in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
B. 
Market Disruption Event  
(i) Definitions  
Disrupted Day means, in the case of Bonds issue on a single Futures Contract or a Basket of Futures Contracts, 
in respect of a Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session, or any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the relevant Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been announced by such Exchange at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures Contract on the Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means, in the case of Bonds issue on a single Futures Contract or a Basket of Futures 
Contracts, in respect of a Futures Contract, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines, in each case, is material and which occurs at any 
time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or otherwise, in the relevant Futures Contract on the 
relevant Exchange. 
(ii) Consequences of a Market Disruption Event on the Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1) is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) in the case of a Security on a single Futures Contract, such Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of the Futures 
Contract at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
(B) in the case of a Security on a Basket of Futures Contracts, the Valuation Date for all Futures Contract of the 
Basket, including those not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Futures Contract affected by the occurence of a 
Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for all Futures Contracts of 
the Basket of Futures Contracts, included the Futures Contract affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
notwithstanding that such day is a Disrupted Day for the relevant affected Futures Contract and (2) the

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of that affected Futures Contacts at the Valuation 
Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
In order to determine the fair market value of the Futures Contract, the Calculation Agent may take into account 
the market value of any hedging instruments put in place by the Hedging Party in relation to the Bonds, adjusted 
for gains or losses, if any, realised or incurred, as the case may be, by the Issuer due to such Market Disruption 
Event. 
(iii) Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Market Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been a Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
C. Adjustments 
(i) Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting a Futures Contract (an Event) occur, the 
Calculation Agent may, as regards Bonds in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the 
Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1), continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it 
considers necessary. To this end, the Calculation Agent may apply alternatively: 
(a) 
apply the hereafter methods, including the methods described in paragraph (ii) below to adapt 
the Bonds to the modifications to the Futures Contract or its Substitution (the Calculation 
Agent Method); or  
(b) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Bonds. In that case, the 
Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in accordance with Condition 
13, of the fair market value of the Bonds as determined by the Calculation Agent. Settlement 
terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair market value (the 
Settlement Method).Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value shall 
be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the Capitalised Fair Market Value means the fair market value of 
the Security capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the 
capitalised Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker 
EXDMEURC Index, or any other rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 35 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) Adjustment methods applicable to Futures Contracts  
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
To this end, the Events applicable to a Futures Contract are defined as follows and include Futures Contract 
listed by a third party, Modification of the specific terms, or replacement of the Futures Contract, Cessation of

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
price quotations for the Futures Contract, Calculation and publication of the Futures Contract by a Futures 
Contract Sponsor, Publication of the Futures Contract Price, Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
(a) Futures Contract listed by a third party 
If the Futures Contract is not listed by the Exchange, but is listed by another person or party (the Third Party) 
which has been nominated by the Exchange or any other competent market authority, the Exchange shall be 
replaced by the Third Party.  
The same shall apply if the Third Party ceases to quote the price of the Futures Contract, but is replaced by 
another Third Party nominated as provided above. 
(b) 
Modification of the specific terms, or replacement, of the Futures Contract  
If the Exchange, the Third Party or the Futures Contract Sponsor modifies, in any material respect, the formula 
or calculation method for the Futures Contract or makes any other material modification to the Futures Contract 
(other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain the Futures Contract in 
the event of a change to the Futures Contract Underlying) or if the Exchange, any other competent market 
authority or the Futures Contract Sponsor replaces the Futures Contract with a new futures contract, such new 
Futures Contract to be used as the new underlying of the Bonds, the Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
replace the Futures Contract with the modified Futures Contract or with the new substitute futures 
contract (as the case may be) multiplying it, if necessary, by a factor that ensures continuity in the 
evolution of the underlying instrument of the Bonds. The new or amended Futures Contract (as the case 
may be) and, if necessary, the factor, shall be notified as soon as possible to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 13; or 
(b) 
proceed with Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract. 
(c) 
Cessation of price quotations for the Futures Contract  
If the Exchange or Third Party permanently ceases to quote prices for the Futures Contract and does not provide 
a new futures contract, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Bonds, including implementing Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract.  
(d) 
Calculation and publication of the Futures Contract by a Futures Contract Sponsor 
If the Futures Contract (i) is not calculated and published by the Futures Contract Sponsor, but is calculated and 
published by a successor sponsor deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) is replaced by a successor 
contract which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, utilises the same, or a substantially similar, formula and 
calculation method as those used to calculate the Futures Contract, such contract (the Successor Futures 
Contract) shall be deemed to be the Futures Contract, and the Conditions shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(e) 
Publication of the Futures Contract Price  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract if the Exchange, or as the case may be, the Futures 
Contract Sponsor fails to publish the Futures Contract Price. 
(f) 
Change in Law  
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation, order, regulatory decision, any order of any 
regulatory or taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith that (X) it has become illegal or contrary to any applicable regulation for the Hedging 
Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of the relevant Hedged Positions in relation to such Bonds, or (Y) it will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Bonds (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract if a Change in Law occurs. 
(g) 
Hedging Disruption 
Hedging Disruption means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the futures contract risk or any other relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing 
its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s).  
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract if a Hedging Disruption occurs 
(h) 
Increased Cost of Hedging  
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to hedge the futures contract risk generated by 
issuing the relevant Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract if an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs. 
(iii) General provisions 
(a) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Bonds for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Bonds, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Bonds in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 13.  
(c) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 7.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
5.12 MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS AND ADJUSTMENTS FOR LISTED OPTION OR  
LISTED OPTIONS BASKET 
A. Definitions 
Exchange means the principal exchange or regulated market on which the Listed Option is traded, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after-hours or 
any other trading outside of the regular trading times or sessions. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date. 
Exchange Business Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange is open for trading during 
its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding that such Exchange closes prior to the Scheduled Closing Time. 
Scheduled Trading Day means any day on which the Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading during its 
regular trading sessions. 
Listed Option means the listed option to which the Bond relates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Substitute Listed Option means a Listed Option (i) which is not the Listed Option of the Bond and (ii) which 
has, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Listed Option (business 
sector, currency, market capitalisation, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other pertinent feature, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent). 
Basket means a basket comprising Listed Options, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, assigned the 
relevant Weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Listed Option comprised in the Basket, the relevant percentage or 
fraction specified, in respect of such Listed Option, in the applicable Final Terms. 
Substitution means cessation by the Calculation Agent of indexation of the Bonds to the Listed Option and its 
replacement with a Substitute Listed Option or in the case of a Basket, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Listed Option) 
the crystallisation of the fair market value of the Listed Option on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
B. Market Disruption Event 
(i) 
Definitions  
 Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) a Market 
Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any time during the one-
hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the relevant Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been announced by such Exchange at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange does not open for trading during its 
regular trading session, or any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Hedged Positions means any purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Bonds, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
Market Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Listed Option on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) to effect 
transactions in futures contracts or options contracts relating to Listed Options. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or otherwise 
(other than an Early Closure or Market Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Exchange or otherwise, in such Listed Option on the relevant Exchange. 
(ii) Consequences of a Market Disruption Event on a Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of the Listed 
Option at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
In order to determine the fair market value of the Listed Option, the Calculation Agent may take into account the 
market value of any hedging instruments put in place by the Issuer and/or any of the affiliates of the Hedging 
Party in relation to the Bonds, adjusted for gains or losses, if any, realised or incurred, as the case may be, by the 
Issuer due to such Market Disruption Event. 
(iii) Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Market Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been a Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
C. Adjustments 
(i) Principles  
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting a Listed Option (an Event) occur, the Calculation 
Agent may, as regards Bonds in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the Valuation Date, 
continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers necessary. To this end, the 
Calculation Agent shall decide either to:

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
(a) apply the methods described in paragraph (ii) below to adapt the Bond to the modifications to the 
Listed Option or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method). If the Listed Option is not governed 
by French law, the methods described in paragraph (ii) below may be modified to ensure compliance 
with local commercial practices and/or regulations. 
(b) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Bonds. In that case, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in accordance with Condition 13, of the fair 
market value of the Bonds in the case of Cash Settlement, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair market value (the 
Settlement Method).Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value shall be made 
on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the Capitalised Fair Market Value means the fair market value of the Bond capitalised 
between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary 
Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index, or any other rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 35 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) Adjustment methods applicable to Listed Options 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
(a) 
Listed Option listed by a third party 
If the Listed Option is not listed by the Exchange, but is listed by another person or party which has been 
nominated by the Exchange or any other competent market authority (the Third Party), the Exchange shall be 
replaced by the Third Party.  
The same shall apply if the Third Party ceases to quote the price of the Listed Option, but is replaced by another 
Third Party nominated as provided above. 
(b) 
Modification of the terms applicable to the Listed Option, or replacement, of the 
Listed Option 
If the Exchange or the Third Party substantially amends the terms applicable to the Listed Option or if the 
Exchange or the Third Party replaces the Listed Option with another listed option, the Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
replace the Listed Option with the amended Listed Option or by another listed option, as applicable and 
by applying, if necessary, an adjustment coefficient ensuring that the relevant Listed Option may 
continue to be used for the Bonds. The amended Listed Option or the other listed option, as the case 
may be, and, if necessary, the adjustment coefficient shall be notified as soon as possible to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 13; or 
(b) 
implement Substitution of the Listed Option. 
(c) 
Cessation of price quotations on the Listed Option

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
If the exchange or Third Party permanently ceases to quote prices for the Listed Option, the Calculation Agent 
may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including implementing 
Substitution of the relevant Listed Option.  
(d) 
Change of law 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Listed Option if, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, 
or any change in any law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any 
regulatory or taxation authority, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines (X) that it has become illegal or contrary to any applicable regulation for the Hedging Party, to hold, 
acquire or dispose of the relevant Hedged Positions in relation to such Bonds, or (Y) it will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under the Bonds (including, without limitation, due to any increase 
in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
(e) 
Hedging disruption 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Listed Option (A) if the Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, (i) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the 
risk relating to the Listed Option generated by issuing the relevant Bond and performing its obligations 
thereunder, or (ii) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or asset(s); (B) if 
any of the rules, customs and/or operating procedures of the clearing house (the Clearing House) are modified 
having, in the opinion of the Hedging Party, a negative impact on the hedging position; (C) or if there is a 
material increase, in the opinion of the Hedging Party, in the counterparty risk associated with any transaction 
with the Clearing House; (D) or if the Hedging Party's status as member of the Clearing House is abandoned or 
withdrawn. 
(f) 
Increase in hedging costs 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Listed Option if the Hedging Party incurs a materially increased (as 
compared with the circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk relating to the Listed Option generated by issuing 
the relevant Bond and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to 
the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an increased cost of hedging. 
(iii) General provisions 
(a) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Bonds for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Bonds, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Bonds in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 13.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
(c) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
5.13 MARKET DISRUPTION EVENT AND ADJUSTMENTS FOR EXCHANGE RATE OR 
EXCHANGE RATES BASKET 
A. Definitions 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such time is specified, 
the time at which the Price Source publishes the Exchange Rate. 
Scheduled Trading Day means any day upon which commercial banks are open (or, would have been open but 
for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event) and operating (including in transactions denominated in foreign 
currencies in accordance with foreign exchange market practices) in the principal financial centres of the 
currencies of the Exchange Rate. 
Basket means a basket of Exchange Rates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, assigned the Weightings 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Weighting or Wi means, for each Exchange Rate comprised in the Basket, the percentage or fraction specified 
in respect of each Exchange Rate, in the applicable Final Terms. 
Price Source means published source, information vendor or provider, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the closing price is calculated. 
Substitution means the cessation by the Calculation Agent of indexation of the Bonds to the Exchange Rate and 
its replacement by a Substitute Exchange Rate or, in the case of a Basket, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Exchange 
Rate) the crystallisation of the fair market value of the Exchange Rate on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Exchange Rate means the rate of exchange to which the Bonds are indexed, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with paragraph (C) below. 
Substitute Exchange Rate means an exchange rate (i) which is not the Exchange Rate of the Bond and (ii) 
which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to those of the excluded Exchange 
Rate. 
B. Market Disruption Event 
(i) Definitions  
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of any of the following events (i) Price Source 
Disruption, (ii) Illiquidity Disruption or (iii) Dual Exchange Rate (exceptionally, if an event occurs which 
constitutes both a Market Disruption Event and an Event for such Exchange Rate (as defined below), such event 
shall constitute an Event for such Exchange Rate and not a Market Disruption Event). 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
Price Source Disruption means that it has become impossible to obtain the rate used for calculation of the 
Settlement Price. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Illiquidity Disruption means the occurrence of an event concerning a currency preventing the Calculation 
Agent from determining the rate for such currency. 
Hedged Positions means any purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions or repurchase 
transaction, or (iii) other instruments or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to 
execution and performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Bonds, whether individually or on a portfolio 
basis. 
Dual Exchange Rate means that a currency of the Exchange Rate is divided into a dual or multiple exchange 
rate.  
(ii) Consequences of a Market Disruption Event on a Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the (8) eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the fair value of the Exchange 
Rate at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day. 
In order to determine the fair value of the Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent may take into account the 
market value of any hedging instruments put in place by the Issuer and/or any of the affiliates of the Hedging 
Party in relation to the Bonds, adjusted for gains or losses, if any, realised or incurred, as the case may be, by the 
Issuer due to such Market Disruption Event. 
(iii) Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Market Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been a Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
C. Adjustments 
(i) Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting an Exchange Rate (an Event) occur, the 
Calculation Agent may, as regards Bonds in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the 
Valuation Date, continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers necessary. To this 
end, the Calculation Agent shall decide either to: 
(a) 
apply the methods described in paragraph (ii) below to adapt the Bonds to the modifications to 
the Exchange Rate or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); or 
(b) 
consider such Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Bonds. In that case, the 
Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in accordance with Condition 
13, of the fair market value of the Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Settlement 
terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair market value (the 
Settlement Method). Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value shall 
be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For the

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
purposes of this paragraph, the Capitalised Fair Market Value means the fair market value of 
the Bond capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the 
capitalised Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker 
EXDMEURC Index, or any other rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 35 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a), (b) and 
(c) above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) Adjustment methods applicable to Exchange Rates 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
(a) 
Substitution of a domestic currency with another domestic currency  
In the event that an Exchange Rate relates to a domestic currency that is replaced by another currency (the 
Substitute Currency), the Substitute Currency shall be used in place of the replaced domestic currency, using 
the fixed conversion rate between such domestic currency and the Substitute Currency, as established by the 
relevant authorities.  
 (b) 
Cessation of publication of Exchange Rate 
If the Price Source permanently ceases to publish the Exchange Rate and no Substitute Exchange Rate is 
available, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Bonds, including implementing Substitution of the relevant Exchange Rate. 
 
(c) 
Change of law 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Exchange Rate if, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption 
of, or any change in any law (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation, order, regulatory 
decision, any order of any regulatory or taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock 
exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has become illegal or contrary to any applicable regulation 
for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of the relevant Exchange Rate /Hedged Positions in relation to 
such Bonds, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Bonds 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position). 
(d) 
Hedging disruption 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Exchange Rate if the Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the 
exchange rate risk generated by issuing the relevant Bond and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) to 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
(e) 
Increase in hedging costs 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Exchange Rate if the Hedging Party incurs a materially increased (as 
compared with the circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the exchange rate risk generated by issuing the relevant 
Bond and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an increased cost of hedging. 
(iii) General provisions 
(a) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Bonds for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Bonds, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Bonds in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 13.  
(c) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
5.14. 
ADJUSTMENTS FOR REFERENCE RATE OR REFERENCE RATES BASKET 
A. Definitions 
Basket means a basket of Reference Rates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, assigned the Weightings 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Day means a "Business Day" as defined in Condition 1.1 of the Conditions of the Securities. 
Price Source means the published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the closing price is calculated. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Interest Determination Date means, in respect of a Reference Rate and an Interest Period, each date defined as 
being a number of Business Days prior to the beginning /end of an Interest Period or the date defined as such in 
the Final Terms or, if no date is specified, (i) the date that is two TARGET 2 Business Days prior to the first day 
of said Interest Period if the Settlement Currency is the euro, or (ii) the first day of said Interest Period if the 
Settlement Currency is the Pound Sterling, or (iii) if the Settlement Currency is neither the Pound Sterling nor 
the euro, the date in the city indicated in the Final Terms that is two Business Days prior to the first day of said 
Interest Period. 
Reference Rate means the reference rate to which the Securities are indexed, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment at any time in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Reference Rate Fixing means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the fixing of such Reference Rate published on 
the Interest Determination Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Specified Time.  
Relevant Screen Page means, for each Reference Rate, the page specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Time means, for each Relevant Screen Page, the time (and associated financial centre) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Substitute Reference Rate means an reference rate (i) which is not the reference Rate of the Security and (ii) 
which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to those of the excluded Reference 
Rate. 
Substitution means the cessation by the Calculation Agent of indexation of the Securities to the Reference Rate 
and its replacement by a Substitute Reference Rate or, in the case of a Basket, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Reference 
Rate) the crystallisation of the fair market value of the Reference Rate on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a Reference Rate, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(which can be a calendar day or a Business Day or an Interest Payment Date). 
Weighting or Wi means, for each Reference Rate comprised in the Basket, the percentage or fraction specified 
in respect of each Reference Rate, in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. Fallback provisions 
If on an Interest Determination Date or on a Valuation Date which is a Business Day, the Relevant Screen Page 
is not available at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent shall apply the procedure detailed in Condition 4.2 
of the Conditions of the Securities ("Screen Rate Determination") for Floating Rate Securities.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
C.  Adjustments 
(i) Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting an Reference Rate (an Event) occur, the 
Calculation Agent may, as regards Securities in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the 
Valuation Date, continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers necessary. To this 
end, the Calculation Agent shall decide either to : 
(a) apply the methods described in paragraph (ii) below to adapt the Securities to the modifications to the 
Reference Rate or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); or 
 
(b) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Bonds. In that case, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in accordance with Condition 13, of the fair 
market value of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Settlement terms shall be 
implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair market value (the Settlement Method). 
Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value shall be made on the Settlement Date (the 
Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For the purposes of this paragraph, the Capitalised Fair 
Market Value means the fair market value of the Security capitalised between the Event Effective Date 
and the Settlement Date at the capitalised Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on 
Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index, or any other rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 35 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) Adjustment methods applicable to Reference Rates 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
(a) 
Cessation of publication of Reference Rate 
If the Price Source permanently ceases to publish the Reference Rate and no Substitute Reference Rate is 
available, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Securities, including implementing Substitution of the relevant Reference Rate. 
(b) 
Change of law 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Reference Rate if, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption 
of, or any change in any law (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation, order, regulatory 
decision, any order of any regulatory or taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock 
exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has become illegal or contrary to any applicable regulation 
for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of the relevant Reference Rate /Hedged Positions in relation to 
such Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position).

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
(c) 
Hedging disruption 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Reference Rate if the Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that it deems necessary to hedge the reference rate risk generated by 
issuing the relevant Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) to realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
(d) 
Increase in hedging costs 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Reference Rate if the Hedging Party incurs a materially 
increased (as compared with the circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to hedge the reference rate 
risk generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed 
an increased cost of hedging. 
(iii) General provisions 
(i) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Securities for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Securities, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Securities in accordance with these Conditions, notify 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent 
shall give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Securities in accordance 
with Condition 13.  
(iii) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice. 
D. 
Additional provisions 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference Rate Determination 
In respect of each underlying Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
underlying Reference Rate or, if two or more underlying Reference Rates are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each underlying Reference Rate will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Each underlying Reference Rate comprising a Basket of Reference Rate will be 
calculated separately and independently as provided below and in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(ii) 
 ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
underlying Reference Rate is to be determined, the underlying Reference Rate will be the relevant 
Underlying ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of these underlying Reference Rate 
Conditions, "Underlying ISDA Rate" means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Securities (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
 
(a) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if the Floating 
Rate Option specified in the applicable Final Terms is a LIBOR or EURIBOR rate, in the event that 
EURIBOR or LIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate as the financial 
industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate for EURIBOR or LIBOR for the relevant 
currency, as applicable; 
 
(b) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(c) the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For the purposes of these underlying Reference Rate Conditions, "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
 
3. Screen Rate Determination 
 
(a) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the underlying Reference Rate is to be determined, the underlying Reference Rate will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
 
(i) the offered quotation; or 
 
(ii) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
underlying Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 
the Specified Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., London 
time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) (the "Screen Page 
Underlying Reference Rate") on the underlying Interest Determination Date in question plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
 
(b) In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (a)(i) above, no such 
offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) or, in the case of (a)(ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information), 
in each case as at the Specified Time indicated above or in the applicable Final Terms, except as 
provided in paragraph (c) below, the Calculation Agent will determine the underlying Reference Rate as 
the rate it determines would have prevailed but for such nonavailability or other event acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
(c) If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any underlying Interest Determination Date, 
that the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate has been discontinued, the Calculation Agent will use, 
as a substitute for the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate, the alternative reference rate selected by 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee 
or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency of the relevant rate (each a 
"Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if two 
or more alternative reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most 
appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Securities. If the Calculation Agent 
notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the Calculation Agent 
will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business Day prior to the applicable 
underlying Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent (the "Underlying Reference Rate 
Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute or successor rate, which is

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
substantially comparable to the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate, is available for the purpose of 
determining the underlying Reference Rate on each underlying Interest Determination Date falling on 
or after the date of such determination. If the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Underlying Reference Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such successor rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to 
determine the Underlying Interest Rate. 
 
If the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable has determined a 
substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such rate, the "Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining the Underlying Reference Rate on each 
underlying Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination: 
 
(i) the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will 
also determine the changes (if any) required to the underlying Interest Determination Date and any 
method for obtaining the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to 
make such Replacement Underlying Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page Underlying 
Reference Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Underlying Reference Rate; 
 
(ii) references to the underlying Reference Rate in this Conditions will be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Replacement UnderlyingReference Rate, including any alternative method for determining 
such rate as described in (i) above; 
 
(iii) the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will 
notify the Issuer of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, and the details described in (i) above 
as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
 
(iv) the Issuer will give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 13, and the Calculation 
Agent of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, and the details described in (i) above as soon as 
reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 4:00 p.m. (Paris time) on the Business Day prior to 
the applicable underlying Interest Determination Date. 
 
The determination of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above by the 
Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Holders, unless the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that the 
Replacement Underlying Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Underlying Reference Rate 
or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or 
re-appoint a Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent, as the case may be (which may or may not be the 
same entity as the original Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the 
purpose of confirming the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this paragraph (c). If the replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, then the Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate will remain unchanged.  
 
The Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark 
agent in the principal financial centre of the currency of the relevant rate as appointed by the Calculation Agent, 
(y) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) or (z) an affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
5.15 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENT AND ADJUSTMENTS FOR DEBT INSTRUMENT OR DEBT 
INSTRUMENT BASKETS 
A. 
Definitions 
Exchange means for a Debt Instrument, each exchange ou quotation system specified as such in the Final Terms 
for a relevant Debt Instrument, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in the Debt Instrument has been temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is a comparable liquidty relative to such Debt Instrument on such 
temporarily substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange. In case of a lack of Exchange 
for a relavnt Debt Instrument means the Screen Page as specified in the Final Terms. 
CET means Central European Time. 
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Debt Instrument Maturity Date means the date on which the Debt Instrument matures, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Debt Instrument Bankruptcy means a Company which (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become 
due; (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or 
presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry 
of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty (30) calendar days thereafter; or (h) causes or is 
subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) to (g) (inclusive). 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading sessions. 
Valuation Time means (i) the time on the relevant Valuation Date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date or (ii) for a Debt Instrument that is not traded on an Exchange, 16.00 CET. 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a Debt Instrument, an Exchange Business Day (Single 
Debt Instrument Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Debt Instrument Basket (a) an Exchange Business Day (All Debt 
Instruments Basis) or (b) an Exchange Business Day (Per Debt Instrument Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if no Exchange Business Day is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
Exchange Business Day (All Debt Instruments Basis) shall be deemed to apply, or (iii) for a Debt Instrument that 
is not traded on an exchange or regulated market, any Business Day.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
Exchange Business Day (Single Debt Instrument Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and Related Exchange, if applicable, are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange prior to the Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Debt Instrument Basis) means, in respect of a Debt Instrument Basket, any day 
on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange associated with such Debt Instrument are open for 
trading during their respective regular trading sessions. 
Exchange Business Day (All Debt Instruments Basis) means, in respect of a Debt Instrument Basket, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any closure of an Exchange or Related Exchange prior to the 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a Debt Instrument, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Debt 
Instrument Basis), or (ii) in the case of a Debt Instrument Basket, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Debt 
Instruments Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Debt Instrument Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Debt Instruments Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Debt Instrument Basis) means, in respect of a Debt Instrument Basket, any day 
on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange (if it exists) associated with such Debt Instrument are 
scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading sessions. If there is no Exchange for a relevant Debt 
Instrument means any day which is a Business Day. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Debt Instrument Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and 
relevant Related Exchange (if it exists) are scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading sessions. 
If there is no Exchange for a relevant Debt Instrument means any day which is a Business Day. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Debt Instruments Basis) means, in respect of a Debt Instrument Basket, any day 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange (if it exists) associated with all of the Debt Instruments 
comprised in the Debt Instrument Basket are scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading 
sessions. If there is no Exchange for a relevant Debt Instrument means any day which is a Business Day. 
Related Exchange means an organised market on which futures contracts and/or options on a Debt Instrument 
are traded, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or any successor market or any other market that may be 
nominated subsequently by the Issuer to replace the Related Exchange specified in the Final Terms. 
Debt Instrument Liquidation Value means a value determined by using the formulae of the Technical Annex 
(and as detailed in the relevant Final Terms) for the purpose of the Liquidation Method in Condition 
5.15(C)(i)(c)(i). 
New Debt Instruments means securities of the new company in the event of a Merger or securities resulting 
from Spin-Off or a Tender Offer or Buy Back Offer (as applicable). Any substitution shall be made as soon as 
possible from the Event Effective Date, by reference to the applicable exchange parity, it being understood that, 
in the event that the original securities must be substituted for several different categories of securities, the 
Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for the relevant securities one (or more) of such securities (the 
Selected Security(ies)). In this case, the value of the security or securities not selected (the Excluded 
Security(ies)) shall be expressed as a number or a fraction of a number of one (or more) of the Selected 
Security(ies), at the Calculation Agent’s choice, which shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis 
of the official closing price of both the Selected Security or Securities and the Excluded Securities, recorded 
simultaneously on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted security or securities include one or more unlisted 
securities, the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market value of such unlisted security or securities on 
the Event Effective Date.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
Screen Page means the price source reference page, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or any succeeding 
page. 
Debt Instrument Basket means a basket comprising Debt Instruments as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, assigned with the relevant Weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Debt Instrument Coupon Frequency means the frequency of payment for the coupon of the relevant Debt 
Instrument which may be (but not limited to) monthly, quarterly, half-yearly or yearly, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Debt Instrument comprised in the Debt Instrument Basket, the 
percentage or fraction specified in respect of such Debt Instrument, in the applicable Final Terms. 
Hedged Positions means the purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Bonds, whether individually or on a portfolio basis. 
Debt Instrument Price means, for a given trading volume, the price specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if no such price is specified, an amount equal to the purchase or sale price offered for such Debt Instrument, as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent by reference:  
(i) to the official value published at the Valuation Time by the relevant Exchange at approximately 16.00 CET, 
where such Debt Instrument is listed and where the official price is available and adequately reflects market 
conditions, if not  
(ii) the arithmetical average of the four (4) clean bid or ask prices derived from the (6) six most recent clean bid 
or ask prices for the Debt Instrument (and for a "bid" or an “ask” size greater than zero) published on the 
Bloomberg "ALLQ" screen page for the Debt Instrument at approximately 16.00 CET, ignoring the highest and 
lowest of such prices, if six (6) prices are available and if the arithmetical average of the four (4) prices 
adequately reflects market conditions, if not  
(iii) the arithmetical average of the two (2) clean bid or ask prices derived from the (6) six most recent clean bid 
or ask prices for the Debt Instrument (and for a "bid" or “ask” size greater than zero) published on the 
Bloomberg "ALLQ" screen page for the Debt Instrument at approximately 16.00 CET, ignoring the highest and 
lowest of such prices, if the four (4) prices are available and if the arithmetical average of the two (2) prices 
adequately reflects market conditions, if not  
(iv) the arithmetical average of the clean bid or ask prices provided by at least (2) two market participants 
(selected by the Calculation Agent) for such Debt Instrument, or, failing which, the clean bid or ask price 
provided by the only available leading market participant, or, failing which,  
(v) the price determined by the Calculation Agent at its sole discretion, but in the interests of the Holders and in 
a commercially reasonable manner. 
Company means the issuer company of a Debt Instrument, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment at any time, in accordance with paragraph (C) below. 
Substitution means the cessation by the Calculation Agent of the indexation of the Bonds to the Debt Instrument 
and its replacement by a Substitute Debt Instrument or, in the case of a Debt Instrument Basket, , as determined 
by the Calculation Agent (alternately to the ability of the Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the 
affected Debt Instrument) thecrystallisation at the fair market value of the Debt Instrument on the relevant Event 
Effective Date.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
Capitalisation Rate means the fixed rate or floating rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Conversion Rate means the exchange rate used for conversion of any amount, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Debt Instrument Coupon Rate means the exchange rate for the coupon of the relevant Debt Instrument, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Debt Instrument means any financial instrument (including a Bond, a Convertible Bond, a Perpetual Bond or a 
Contingent Bond) representing a right of claim over the legal entity that issued such instrument and to which the 
Bonds relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment or replacement at any time, in 
accordance with paragraph (C) below. 
Substitute Debt Instrument means a debt instrument (i) which is not the Debt Instrument of the Bond and (ii) 
which has, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, similar characteristics to those of the excluded Debt 
Instrument (business sector, currency, rating, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other pertinent parameter 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent). 
Debt Instrument Nominal Value means the nominal value of the the Debt Instrument, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
B. 
Market Disruption Event 
(iii) 
Definitions 
Market Disruption Event means  
(i) any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Exchange or 
(ii) any suspension or limitation on trading on listed options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Debt 
Instrument, which the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any time during the one-
hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time or  
(iii) any suspension of publication on the relevant Screen Page or the unavailability of clean bid prices from at 
least (2) two market participants.  
Disrupted Day means (i) any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or, as applicable, the Related 
Exchange is not open for trading during its regular trading session, or any Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred or (ii) for a Debt Instrument that is not traded on an Exchange, any 
Business Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
(iv) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event  
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Valuation Date shall be the next following Exchange Business 
Day, or, as the case may be the next following Business Day, which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
eight (8) Exchange Business Days or each of the eight (8) Business Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the value of the Debt 
Instrument at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day.  
In order to determine the fair value of the Debt Instruments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the 
market value of any hedging instruments put in place by the Issuer and/or any of the affiliates of the Hedging

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Party in relation to the Bonds, adjusted for gains or losses, if any, realised or incurred, as the case may be, by the 
Issuer due to such Market Disruption Event. 
C. 
Adjustments 
(i) 
Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraph (ii) below and affecting a Debt Instrument (an Event) occur, the 
Calculation Agent may, as regards Bonds in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the 
Valuation Date, continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as it considers necessary. To this 
end, the Calculation Agent shall decide either to: 
(a) 
apply the same method as that applied by the Related Exchange (if applicable) or any other relevant 
authority (the Related Exchange Method), or 
(b) 
apply the methods described in paragraphs (ii) below to adapt the Bond to the modifications to the Debt 
Instrument or its Substitution (the Calculation Agent Method); or  
(c) 
apply the liquidation adjustment method (the Liquidation Method) the effect of which is to change the 
manner in which the Final Settlement Amount is determined by : 
(i) 
using a Debt Instrument Liquidation Value calculated with the formulae of the Technical Annex, and as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) taking into account (i) of the amount of the liquidation proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument, which 
shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes, if any, capitalised between the date of receipt of such liquidation 
proceeds by the Hedging Party and a Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate (Lj), as defined in the 
Final Terms, in place of the settlement amount of the relevant Debt Instrument used in the 
determination of the Final Settlement Amount (or the Early Settlement Amount, as the case may be) 
and, if applicable, (ii) the sum of the Debt Instrument coupons affected by the Event, calculated 
between the Issue Date and the liquidation date, each coupon shall be capitalised (provided that only 
coupons due for at least one entire year may be capitalised) between the date of its receipt by the 
Hedging Party and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate (ΣCj ) in place of the sum of the 
relevant Debt Instrument coupons used in the determination of the Final Settlement Amount (or the 
Early Settlement Amount, as the case may be)as defined in the Final Terms as the case may be. 
(d) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities. In that case, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in accordance with Condition 13, of the fair 
market value of the Securities, in the case of Cash Settlement or, if applicable, of the quantity of Debt 
Instruments to be delivered in the case of Physical Delivery (Deliverable Debt Instruments), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (including by using the relevant Debt Instrument Market Bid Price 
as defined in the Technical Annex, as the case may be). Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon 
as possible at the specified fair market value in the case of Cash Settlement or, if applicable, by delivery 
of the relevant quantity of Deliverable Debt Instruments in the case of Physical Delivery (the 
Settlement Method). Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value in the case of 
Cash Settlement or, if applicable, by delivery of the relevant quantity of Deliverable Debt Instruments 
in the case of Physical Delivery, shall be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market 
Value Option). For the purposes of this paragraph, the Capitalised Fair Market Value means the fair 
market value of the Security capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at 
the Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC 
Index, or any other rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 35 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date following the Event. 
(ii) 
Adjustment methods applicable to Debt Instruments 
If the Calculation Agent applies the Calculation Agent Method, it may make the following adjustments. 
(a) 
Correction of the Debt Instrument Price 
If the Debt Instrument Price published by the relevant Exchange or obtained by the Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be, is corrected to a material extent after the Valuation Date, but at the latest two (2) Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date or Settlement Date, then the corrected price shall be deemed to be the Debt 
Instrument Price applicable on the Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Merger 
In the event that the Company (issuer of the Debt Instrument) merges with, or is absorbed by, another issuer 
company (other than a merger of which the issuer Company is the surviving entity) (the Merger), the 
Calculation Agent may elect to (a) replace the Debt Instruments with New Debt Instruments or (b) implement 
Substitution of the relevant Debt Instrument. 
(c) 
Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Company (issuer of the Debt Instrument) (Spin-off), the Calculation Agent may 
elect to either (a) replace the Debt Instruments with New Debt Instruments or (b) implement Substitution of the 
relevant Debt Instrument. 
(d) 
Insolvency, Restructuring and Deterioration of the Company 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Instrument (a) in the event of a Debt Instrument Bankruptcy, (b) 
acceleration of the Debt Instrument, (c) restructuring of the Debt Instrument, either by a reduction of the initially 
specified rate or amount of interest payable or accruing, a reduction in the amount of any premium or principal 
due at maturity or on the initially specified settlement dates, or any postponement of any date or dates on which 
it is provided (x) that an interest payment is to be made or interest begins to accrue or (y) that a repayment of 
principal or payment of any premium is to be made, or any lowering of the priority ranking or status of the Debt 
Instrument, or any change in the monetary unit in which repayments of principal or payments of interest must be 
made, or in their composition, or (d) any material deterioration in the financial situation of the Company (issuer 
of the Debt Instrument), in the opinion of the Calculation Agent.  
 (e) 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer  
If an Offer Period commences, the Calculation Agent may, having examined its characteristics and relevant 
practical arrangements, elect (a) to maintain the Debt Instrument as the Underlying or (b) replace it with the debt 
instrument issued by the Offeror. 
If the Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment during the Offer Period in accordance with the paragraph 
below and if the Company is the subject of a successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer (the Tender Offer), the 
Calculation Agent may elect (a) to maintain the Debt Instrument as the Underlying, (b) replace the Debt 
Instrument with the New Debt Instrument or (c) implement Substitution of the Debt Instrument. 
For the purposes of section (F) (Cash/Exchange Tender Offer):

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means any acquisition offer made by one or more legal entities (or if applicable 
one or more individuals) (the Offeror) in respect of one or more Debt Instruments giving rights to share capital 
in the Company(ies) under the relevant national law, and for a fixed price. 
Offer Period means the period from (and including) the date on which the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer is 
officially announced by the Offeror in whatever manner to the competent supervisory authorities in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction, up to (but excluding) the date of the 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer. 
(f) 
Buy-Back Offer 
In the event of a buy-back offer by the Company (issuer of the Debt Instruments) (the Buy-Back Offer), the 
Calculation Agent may elect: 
(a) 
not to take part in the Buy-Back Offer and to maintain the relevant Debt Instrument as the Underlying 
of the Bonds, or 
(b) 
to participate in the Buy-Back Offer and contribute the relevant Debt Instruments, in which case the 
Calculation Agent shall amend the manner in which the Final Settlement Amount is determined to take 
account (i) of the amount of the proceeds of the contribution of the relevant Debt Instrument to the 
Buy-Back Offer, which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes, if any, capitalised between the date of 
receipt of such amount by the Hedging Party and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate (Lj) in 
place of the settlement amount of the relevant Debt Instrument used in the determination of the Final 
Settlement Amount and, if applicable, (ii) the sum of the Debt Instrument coupons affected by the 
Event, calculated between the Issue Date and the date of the contribution of the Debt Instrument to the 
Buy-Back Offer, each coupon on such Debt Instrument shall be capitalised (provided that only coupons 
due for at least one entire year may be capitalised) between the date of its receipt by the Hedging Party 
and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate (ΣCj) in place of the sum of the relevant Debt 
Instrument coupons used in the determination of the Final Settlement Amount; or 
(c) 
to liquidate the relevant Debt Instruments, in which case the Calculation Agent shall amend the manner 
in which the Final Settlement Amount is determined to take account (i) of the amount of the liquidation 
proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument, which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes, if any, 
capitalised between the date of receipt of such liquidation proceeds by the Hedging Party and the 
Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate (Lj) in place of the settlement amount of the relevant Debt 
Instrument used in the determination of the Final Settlement Amount and, if applicable, (ii) the sum of 
the Debt Instrument coupons affected by the Event, received by the Hedging Party between the Issue 
Date and the liquidation date, each coupon on such Debt Instrument shall be capitalised between the 
date of its receipt by the Hedging Party and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate (ΣCj) in place 
of the sum of the relevant Debt Instrument coupons used in the determination of the Final Settlement 
Amount. 
(g) 
Financial default 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
proceeding with the Substitution of the relevant Debt Instrument, (i) if a hypothetical investor in a Debt 
Instrument has not received all or any of the coupons and/or principal on the dates specified in the applicable 
Debt Instrument documentation in force on the Trade Date; or (ii) if an event occurs that may have the same 
consequences such as a restructuring, insolvency, repudiation or moratorium (Financial Default). 
(h) 
Change of law 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Instrument if, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
of, or any change in any law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of 
any regulatory or taxation authority, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith (X) that it has become illegal or contrary to any applicable regulation for the Hedging 
Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of the relevant Debt Instrument /Hedged Positions in relation to such Bonds, or 
(Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Bonds (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
(i) 
Hedging disruption 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Instrument if the Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that it deems necessary to hedge the debt instrument risk generated by 
issuing the relevant Bond and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) to realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
(j) 
Increase in hedging costs 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Bonds, including electing to 
implement Substitution of the relevant Debt Instrument if the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates or the Hedging 
Party incurs a materially increased (as compared with the circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of 
tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, replace, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the debt instrument risk 
generated by issuing the relevant Bond and performing its obligations thereunder, or (B) to realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that 
is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an 
increased cost of hedging. 
(iv) 
Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Instrument comprised in a Debt Instrument Basket 
In the case of a Debt Instrument Basket, if prior to the last Valuation Date of the relevant Bonds, any Debt 
Instrument comprised in the basket and assigned the relevant Weighting is redeemed (including any redemption 
following a call by the Company issuing the Debt Instrument and/or any early settlement, resulting from an 
Event described in paragraph (ii) above or otherwise) or cancelled by the relevant Company (a "Debt 
Instrument Redemption Event"), then: 
(a) 
unless Partial Settlement upon Occurrence of a Debt Instrument Redemption Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the settlement amount or proceeds received by the Hedging Party following such Debt Instrument 
Redemption Event, as applicable, which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes, if any, shall be 
capitalised between the date of receipt of such amount by the Hedging Party and the Valuation Date at 
the Capitalisation Rate (Lj) and, if applicable, the sum of the Debt Instrument coupons received by the 
Hedging Party between the Issue Date and the date of the Debt Instrument Redemption Event shall be 
capitalised between the date of its receipt by the Hedging Party and the Valuation Date at the 
Capitalisation Rate (ΣCj); or 
(b) 
if Partial Settlement upon Occurrence of a Debt Instrument Redemption Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem in part the relevant Securities by giving 
notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 13; such a settlement shall be effected by reduction of 
the Nominal Value of the Securities in proportion to the Weighting of the affected Debt Instrument in 
the Debt Instrument Basket, and the Issuer will pay to each Holder in respect of each Security held by 
him, an amount (the “Partial Settlement Amount”) equal to:

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
(i) 
the Partial Settlement Amount calculated with the formulae of the Technical Annex and as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the settlement amount or proceeds received by the Hedging Party following such Debt 
Instrument Redemption Event, as applicable, which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes, if 
any, and, if applicable, the sum of the Debt Instrument coupons received by the Hedging Party 
between the Issue Date and the date of the Debt Instrument Redemption Event, less, unless if 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Debt Instrument Redemption Event may include the occurrence 
of a Debt Instrument Call Date (i.e. the scheduled date on which the Company issuing the Debt Instrument may 
call such Debt Instrument), whether such Debt Instrument has been called by the relevant Company on such date 
or not. 
(iv) 
General provisions 
(a) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Bonds for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Bonds, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Bonds in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 13.  
(c) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice and any Physical Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.5 shall be 
made as soon as possible. 
 
5.16 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS AND ADJUSTMENTS FOR DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO 
A. Definitions 
Closing Level means the official level of the Dynamic Portfolio, as published by the Portfolio Sponsor on a 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day. 
Debt Security Instrument means a Debt Instrument (as such term is defined in Condition 5.15) that forms part 
of a Dynamic Portfolio.  
Dynamic Portfolio means the dynamic portfolio to which the Bonds are linked, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as calculated or published by the relevant Portfolio Sponsor, subject to adjustment or a replacement 
at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below. 
Equity Instrument means a Share (as such term is defined in Condition 5.7) that forms part of a Dynamic 
Portfolio.  
Event Effective Date means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Business Day means in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
Portfolio Sponsor publishes the Closing Level of the Dynamic Portfolio pursuant to the Portfolio Rules.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
Fund Instrument means a Fund Unit (as such term is defined in Condition 5.11) that forms part of a Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
Futures Contract Instrument means a Futures Contract (as such term is defined in Condition 5.11) that forms 
part of a Dynamic Portfolio.  
Hedged Position means the purchase, sale, execution or holding of one or more (i) positions or contracts on 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or currencies, (ii) securities lending transactions, or (iii) other instruments 
or agreements (however described) made to hedge the risk relating to execution and performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Bonds, whether individually or on a portfolio basis.  
Index Instrument means an Index (as such term is defined in Condition 5.8 and which may encompass, 
fortheavoidance of doubt, a Proprietary Index) that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio 
Initial Level means the level of the Dynamic Portfolio specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Initial 
Valuation Date (such date being defined in the applicable Final Terms) or, if no level is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the level of such Dynamic Portfolio determined by the Calculation Agent at the 
Valuation Time on the Initial Valuation Date, in accordance with the Methodologies, subject to adjustment at 
any time in accordance with the provisions of paragraph C below. 
Portfolio Advisor means the entity responsible for providing the Portfolio Sponsor and/or the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent, with the information necessary for calculating and maintaining the Dynamic Portfolio, in 
particular with respect to selection of Portfolio Components, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Portfolio Component means an Equity Instrument, a Fund Instrument, an Index Instrument, a Futures Contract 
Instrument and/or a Debt Security Instrument, as the case may be.  
Portfolio Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules 
and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Dynamic Portfolio and (b) 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Dynamic Portfolio on a regular basis during each 
Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the entity specified for such Index in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment or replacement at any time, in accordance with paragraph C below.  
Portfolio Rules means the methodology of the Dynamic Portfolio described in the General Methodology of 
Dynamic Portfolios and the Specific Methodology of the Dynamic Portfolio, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time.  
Reference Market means the principal market or quotation system on which, as the Calculation Agent may 
determine in good faith, the relevant Portfolio Components are traded and which offers the greatest liquidity for 
such Portfolio Components, or any successor or replacement market or quotation system. 
Related Exchange means each market or quotation system on which trading has a material effect (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) on the market as a whole for futures and options contracts on the relevant Portfolio 
Components, or any successor or replacement market or quotation system.  
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio, any day on which the Portfolio Sponsor is 
scheduled to publish the Closing Level of the Dynamic Portfolio pursuant to the Portfolio Rules.  
Scheduled Valuation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Valuation Time means, unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the time at which the Closing 
Level is published by the Portfolio Sponsor pursuant to the Portfolio Rules.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
B. Market Disruption Event 
(i) Definitions 
Debt Security Disruption Event means, in respect of a Debt Security Instrument: 
(a)       any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Reference Market or 
(b) 
any suspension or limitation on trading on listed options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Debt 
Security Instrument, which the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any time 
during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time or  
(c) 
any suspension of publication on the relevant screen page of the Debt Security Instrument or the 
unavailability of clean bid prices from at least two market participants. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
Equity Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at 
any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the 
purpose hereof: 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Reference Market or, as the case may 
be, the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been 
announced by such Reference Market or by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Market or Related Exchange, as the case 
may be, on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation 
Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Equity Instruments on the relevant Reference Market, or (ii) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Equity 
Instrument on the Related Exchange. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or, as the case may be, the Related Exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange 
Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference 
Market or relevant Related Exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to such Share on the relevant Reference Market, 
or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Equity Instrument on the relevant Related Exchange.  
Fund Disruption Event means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, the occurrence or existence of (i) Valuation 
Disruption, (ii) a Settlement Disruption or (iii) a Liquidity Disruption, that the Calculation Agent determines is 
material. For the purpose thereof: 
Liquidity Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, any suspension, limitation or delay affecting the 
settlement of such Fund Instrument, whether in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Documents or for 
any other reason.  
Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument on any date, failure by the Fund to pay the full 
amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the Settlement Proceeds due in respect of such Fund 
Instrument, as such amount should have been paid at the latest by such date in accordance with the Fund

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision permitting the Fund 
to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Instruments). 
Valuation Disruption means that: 
(a) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument is not determined and/or published by the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) in accordance with the provisions of 
the Fund Documents; 
(b) 
the determination and/or publication of the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument, in accordance 
with the Fund Documents, has/have been suspended; or  
(c) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider 
which generally determines such value) is incorrect or misrepresents the Net Asset Value of the Fund 
Instrument, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
For the sake of clarity, any terms with a capital letter will have the meaning specified in Condition 5.10 except 
that where Fund Unit(s) appears, it will be replaced by “Fund Instrument(s)”. 
Futures Contract Disruption Event means, in respect of a Futures Contract Instrument, the occurrence or 
existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines, in 
each case, is material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Valuation 
Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the purpose thereof: 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the relevant Reference Market prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time has been announced by such Reference Market at least 
one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference 
Market on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Reference Market system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures Contract Instrument on the Reference Market. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference Market or otherwise, in the relevant Futures Contract 
Instrument on the relevant Reference Market. 
Portfolio Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
• 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Share Instruments, the occurrence of a Share Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Share Instruments; and 
• 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Fund Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund 
Instruments; and 
• 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Index Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments;

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
• 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Futures Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or 
more of such Futures Contract Instruments. 
• 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Debt Security Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Debt Security Instruments. 
Index Disruption Event means, in respect of an Index Instrument, the non-publication of the Closing Level by 
the Sponsor. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such event is material: (a) the non-publication of the Closing Level or 
(b) a Portfolio Component Event where the aggregate of all Portfolio Components in respect of which a Portfolio 
Component Event occurs or exists comprises 25 per cent. or more of the level of the Dynamic Portfolio. 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event  
If any Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1.1) is a Disrupted Day for a Dynamic Portfolio, then such 
Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
such Proprietary Index, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding that such 
day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the level of such Proprietary 
Index at the Valuation Time on such eighth Disrupted Day, in accordance with the  formula for and method of 
calculating such Proprietary Index last in effect prior to the occurence of the first Disrupted Day, using the 
Reference Market traded or quoted prices as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of 
each Index Component (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Index Component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day). 
(iii) 
Notices 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as possible, if any Market Disruption Event occurs on any 
date which, in the absence of such Market Disruption Event, would have been the Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as possible of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 19. 
C. Adjustments 
(i) Principles 
If certain events defined in paragraphs (ii) below and affecting a Dynamic Portfolio (an Event) occur, the 
Calculation Agent may, as regards Securities in respect of which the Event Effective Date falls on or prior to the 
Valuation Date (as defined in Condition 1.1), continue to perform its obligations, subject to such adjustments as 
it considers necessary. To this end, the Calculation Agent shall decide either to: 
(a) apply the methods described in paragraph (ii) to adapt the Securities to the modifications of the 
Dynamic Portfolio (the Calculation Agent Method); or 
(b) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Securities. In that case, and 
subject to Condition 5.23 and 5.24, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations by notifying the Holders, in

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
accordance with Condition 19, of the fair market value of the Securities, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Settlement terms shall be implemented as soon as possible at the specified fair 
market value (the Settlement Method). Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if such option is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, payment of the Capitalised Fair Market Value shall 
be made on the Settlement Date (the Capitalised Fair Market Value Option). For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the "Capitalised Fair Market Value" means the fair market value of the Security 
capitalised between the Event Effective Date and the Settlement Date at the Exane EUR Capitalized 
Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index , or any other rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The adjustment method(s) to be used by the Calculation Agent shall be specified in paragraph 61 of the relevant 
Final Terms (“All” meaning that the Calculation may use any of the methods described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above). 
Any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent shall take effect on each Valuation Date subsequent to the 
Event. 
(ii) 
Methods of adjustment for Dynamic Portfolios 
(a) Modification and cessation of calculation of a Dynamic Portfolio 
If the Portfolio Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula or method of calculating 
that Dynamic Portfolio or in any other way materially modified that Dynamic Portfolio (other than any 
modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain such Dynamic Portfolio in the event of 
change to any of the Portfolio Components comprised in the Dynamic Portfolio, their capitalisation or any other 
routine event) (Portfolio Modification) or permanently cancels the Dynamic Portfolio (Portfolio Cancellation), 
then the Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities by, in 
particular, calculating the level of such Dynamic Portfolio in accordance with the Portfolio Rules in force prior 
to such modification or cancellation, but using only the Portfolio Components immediately prior to such 
Portfolio Modification or Portfolio Cancellation. 
(b) Change of Portfolio Advisor 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities if (i) the Portfolio 
Advisor ceases to perform its functions and no satisfactory successor, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
has been appointed to replace it within five (5) Exchange Business Days following such event, (ii) there is a 
change of control of the Portfolio Advisor or (iii) the Portfolio Advisor is no longer able, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, to perform its functions with the same care and attention as prior to the Issue Date, in 
particular due to a legal or regulatory decision or decision of a supervisory authority or is the subject of judicial 
reorganisation, liquidation or insolvency proceedings or, at any time, ceases to honour its debts or is the subject 
of a temporary or permanent withdrawal of its licence, or is the subject of disciplinary or administrative 
proceedings initiated by its supervisory authorities or acts in a fraudulent manner or any other event occurs 
which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has a material adverse effect on the Dyamic Portfolio. 
(c) Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due 
to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has or will become illegal or contrary to any 
Applicable Regulation for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedged Positions in relation to its 
Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities if a Change in 
Law occurs. 
(d) Hedging Disruption 
Hedging Disruption means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or any futures or option contracts that it deems necessary to hedge the index price risk or any other relevant price 
risk including but not limited to the currency risk generated by issuing the relevant Security and performing its 
obligations thereunder, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds generated by any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities if a Hedging 
Disruption occurs. 
(e) Increased Cost of Hedging 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commission) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, substitute, maintain,  unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the relevant Security, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities if an Increased 
Cost of Hedging occurs. 
 
(iii) 
General 
(a) 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Securities for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Securities, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having made 
adjustments or modifications to the terms of the Securities in accordance with these Conditions, notify the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, following which the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice of such adjustment and/or modification to the Holders of the Securities in accordance with 
Condition 19.  
(c) 
Any Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 6.4 shall be made within a period of ten (10) Business Days 
from the date of the relevant notice.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
5.17 Early Settlement  
The Early Settlement Amount for any Bond due and payable in accordance with Condition 14 shall be equal to 
the fair market value of the Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if applicable, any other third 
party appointed to this end using the arithmetic mean of each quotation supplied by eight (8) leading banks on 
the Reference Financial Place (with the exception of any member of the Exane group), after having set aside the 
highest and lowest quotations (and if, amongst the quotations received, at least two quotations have a value equal 
to the highest quotation or to the lowest quotation, only one is set aside for the calculation of the arithmetic 
mean), plus interest based on the overnight deposits rate or any other overnight rate applicable to the Settlement 
Currency, as specified in the Final Terms until the settlement date.  
Should none of the provisions mentioned above apply, the Early Settlement Amount for any Bond due and 
payable in accordance with Condition 14 means the quantity of Underlyings to Deliver, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
5.18 Automatic Early Settlement  
Unless it has been settled, redeemed and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Valuation Date, the Automatic 
Early Settlement Condition determined in accordance with the Technical Annex and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms occurs, each Bond will be settled in all, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Settlement Date 
immediately following the relevant Automatic Early Valuation Date, and the Settlement Amount settled by the 
Issuer on such date will be equal to the applicable Automatic Early Settlement Amount. 
5.19 Partly Paid Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the part payment amount(s) (Part Payment Amount(s)) and the part 
payment date(s) (Part Payment Date(s)). Partly Paid Bonds will be subscribed at the Part Payment Amount(s) 
and on the Part Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. The obligation to pay a Part Payment 
Amount on the relevant Part Payment Date is only incurred by the holders of the Bonds on such Part Payment 
Date. Partly Paid Bonds shall be settled either at maturity or early, in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5 as supplemented by the Final Terms. In the event that any Holder fails to pay a Part Payment 
Amount on the relevant Part Payment Date, any such Bonds held by such Holder shall automatically be 
redeemed on the date and at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.20 Early Settlement For Tax Reasons 
If, at any time on or prior to the Maturity Date (the date of such determination being the Early Tax Settlement 
Determination Date), the Calculation Agent determines that, due to (i) the adoption of, any change in the 
application or official interpretation of any applicable tax law or regulation or (ii) any action taken by a tax 
authority, the Issuer may incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Bonds 
(including without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position) (each a Tax Settlement Event), as soon as practicable after such determination the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the Holders of the determination of the 
Tax Settlement Event stating the nature of the Tax Settlement Event (the date of such notice being the Notice 
Date); such notice may be given irrespective of whether the Tax Settlement Event is continuing. Interest shall 
cease to accrue from and including the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Early Tax Settlement 
Determination Date and thereafter no payment of interest or principal on the Bonds will be made and each Bond 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at an amount (the Early Settlement Amount for Tax Reasons) equal to the fair 
market value of the Bonds on the fifth Business Day following the Notice Date less any loss of bargain and cost 
of funding incurred by the Issuer or to the Amount of Underlyings to Deliver, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
5.21 Dual Currency Bonds 
 Amounts payable in respect of payment of principal and/or interest, if any, in respect of Dual Currency Bonds, 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by converting the relevant amounts in the relevant Currency into 
the Settlement Currency at the relevant fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate.  
The method of determining the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and may be one of the following methods:  
- if “Predetermined” is specified in the applicable Final Terms under item “Method of calculating the fixing of 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate”, the Calculation Agent shall use the Predetermined Fixing as the fixing of Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate to convert the relevant amount(s);  
- if “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms under item “Method of calculating 
the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate”, the fixing of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate will be the relevant 
exchange rate fixing specified on the Relevant Screen Page at the Dual Currency Valuation Time on the Dual 
Currency Valuation Date;  
- if “Calculation Agent Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms under item “Method of 
calculating the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate”, the fixing of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner selects at the Dual Currency Valuation Time on the Dual Currency Valuation 
Date. 
Notwithstanding the above, upon a Dual Currency Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Dual 
Currency Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall:  
(a) determine that the Dual Currency Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Dual Currency Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Dual Currency Disrupted Day unless each of the eight Dual Currency Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the scheduled Dual Currency Valuation Date is also a Dual Currency 
Disrupted Day. In that case, that eighth Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Dual 
Currency Valuation Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Dual Currency Disrupted Day, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the fixing of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate as 
of the Dual Currency Valuation Time on that eighth Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith 
estimate of the fixing so calculated shall be deemed the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate; and/or  
(b) postpone any payment date related to such Dual Currency Valuation Date (including, if applicable, the 
Maturity Date) until the fourth Business Day following the date on which a Dual Currency Disruption Event is 
no longer subsisting, or the date on which the Calculation Agent determines its good faith estimate of the fixing 
of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate pursuant to the provisions of item (a) above, as the case may be. No interest 
or other amount shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of such postponement.  
For the purpose of this Condition:  
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as set out in the Final Terms and used for the payment of 
any amount in respect of the Securities. Any amount not denominated in the Settlement Currency and used to 
pay any amount in respect of the Securities shall be converted into the Settlement Currency using the Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate. 
"Dual Currency Disrupted Day" means any Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Dual Currency Disruption Event has occurred;

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
"Dual Currency Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence of (a) a Price Source Disruption, (b) an 
IlliquidityDisruption, (c) a Dual Exchange Rate or (d) any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, is analogous to (a), (b) or (c). For the purpose hereof:  
A. Price Source Disruption means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate is calculated.  
B. Illiquidity Disruption means the occurrence of any event in respect of the Specified Currency and/or 
Settlement Currency whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm quote for 
such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under the 
Securities (in one or more transaction(s)) on any Dual Currency Valuation Date;  
C. Dual Exchange Rate means that the Dual Currency Exchange Rate splits into dual or multiple foreign 
exchange rates.  
"Dual Currency Exchange Rate" means an exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) and 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, an exchange rate expressed as X/Y 
means the number of units (or part units) of Y for which one unit of X can be exchanged.  
"Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Dual Currency Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal 
financial centres of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate.  
5.22 ADJUSTMENT FOLLOWING AN ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK EVENT 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may, having given not less than 10 nor 
more than 30 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), on expiry of such notice, (A) require the Calculation Agent to determine, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to the terms of the 
Securities, including, without limitation, selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments 
taking into account, where applicable and unless Unwind Costs is specified as not applicable, any increased costs 
incurred by the exposure to the successor benchmark(s), or (B) redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities, 
each Security being redeemed at its Early Settlement Amount and no further interest will be payable since the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.21 (Adjustment Following an Administrator/Benchmark Event): 
 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (i) a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event as occurred or will occur, (ii) any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or 
will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or 
their respective obligations under the Securities; or (iii) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a 
relevant Benchmark in connection with the Securities from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of any 
applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence 
(including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a 
valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Securities and for any reason such 
licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence). 
 
Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as defined in BMR and where any 
amount payable or deliverable under the Securities, or the value of the Securities, is determined , in whole or in 
part, by reference to such figure, value, level or rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the following has 
occurred or will occur: 
 
(i) any material change in such Benchmark; or 
 
(ii) the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark. 
 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011). 
 
 
5.23 ESSENTIAL TRIGGER  
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the Securities (other than modifications that do not 
relate to essential characteristics of the Securities) or redeem the Securities prior to their Scheduled Maturity 
Date, as described in the Conditions, following an event or circumstance (or combination of events or 
circumstances) that (a) is not attributable to the Issuer and significantly alters the economics of the Securities 
compared to the economics as of the Issue Date, or (b) constitutes a force majeure which renders impossible the 
performance of its obligations under the Securities.  
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5.22, essential characteristics of the Securities means characteristics of the 
Securities that are considered essential to the Holders generally, including without limitation the yield (coupon 
structure), the Underlying(s), the principal protected amount (if any), the identity of the Issuer and of the 
Guarantor and the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, in exercising its discretion and making an election, 
determination, modification or adjustment, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other relevant Agent shall 
do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to preserve or restore the economics of the agreed 
terms as far as practicable. Any such election, determination, modification or adjustment shall not create a 
significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of the Issuer compared to the Holders, to the detriment 
of the Holders. 
5.24 EARLY SETTLEMENT AMOUNT FOR SECURITIES OFFERED TO CONSUMERS IN 
BELGIUM 
Notwithstanding the definition of Early Settlement Amount in Condition 1.1 and the provisions regarding any 
unilateral early settlement of the Securities by the Issuer as set out in Conditions 5.7 to 5.16, Condition 5.19 
and/or Condition 5.21, in the case of Securities offered to consumers in Belgium (i.e. if Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers in Belgium is specified as non applicable in the applicable Final Terms), and when the unilateral 
early settlement of the Securities (a) does not constitute a force majeure but (b) is due to an event or 
circumstance not attributable to the Issuer and that significantly alters the economics of the Securities compared 
to the economics as of the Issue Date, the Early Settlement Amount for any Securities due and payable in 
accordance with such Conditions shall be equal to: 
 
5.24.1 If Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the greater of the fair market 
value of a Security and the Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
proportionate share of such Protected Amount, provided that, (x) no costs shall be deducted from such amount 
and (y) such amount shall include the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early settlement 
date or, as the case may be, partial redemption date notified to the Holders until the scheduled Maturity Date of 
the Securities), of any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such costs (including but not limited to 
any structuring costs) paid by Holders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Securities, such amount to be paid to 
the Holders on the date notified to the Holders in the notice of early settlement or, as the case may be, notice of 
partial settlement. 
 
5.24.2 If Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the fair market value of a 
Security calculated (x) without taking account of any costs and no costs shall be deducted from such amount and 
(y) including the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early redemption date or, as the case 
may be, partial redemption date notified to the Holders until the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Securities), of 
any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such costs (including but not limited to any structuring

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
costs) paid by Holders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Securities, such an amount to be paid to the Holders 
on the date notified in the notice of early redemption or, as the case may be, notice of partial settlement, 
 
5.24.3 if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
(A) the Monetisation Amount (as defined below) , such amount to be paid by the Issuer (notwithstanding the 
notice of early redemption) on the Maturity Date; or 
 
(B) if the Holder duly elects to receive the fair market value, as provided below, the fair market value of such 
Security, such amount to be paid by the Issuer on the date fixed for early settlement, as notified to the Holders, 
 
provided that, (x) no costs shall be deducted from such amount and (y) such amount shall include the 
reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early settlement date or, as the case may be, partial 
redemption date notified to the Holders until the scheduled Maturity Date of the Securities), of any costs or, as 
the case may be, proportionate share of such costs (including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by 
Holders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Securities. 
 
In the Issuer's notice of early settlement, the Issuer must include the following: 
 
(A) the cut-off date and time for each Holder to elect to receive the fair market value on the date fixed for early 
settlement; 
(B) the date of determination of the fair market value in respect of such election and the amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent as the fair market value of the Securities on such date; and 
(C) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation Amount. 
 
If the Holder does not make a valid election to receive the fair market value on the date fixed for early settlement 
before the cut-off date and time set out in the Issuer's notice of early settlement, the Holder will receive the 
Monetisation Amount in respect of such Security on the Maturity Date. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.24.3: 
 
"Monetisation Amount" means, in respect of a Securities, an amount equal to the greater of the Protected 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as follows: 
 
(S + D) x (1 + r)n 
 
Where: 
 
"S" is the present value of the Protected Amount of such Security on the date on which the event triggering early 
settlement occurs; 
 
"D" is the market value of the Derivative Component on the date on which the event triggering early settlement 
occurs; 
 
"r" is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent hypothetical debt instrument 
issued by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as applicable) with the same time to settlement as the remaining time to 
settlement on the Securities from the date fixed for early redemption until the scheduled maturity date of the 
Securities; 
 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Securities, expressed as a number of years; and 
 
"Derivative Component" means the option component or embedded derivative in respect of the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Securities or the interest amount due under the Securities, as applicable, in 
order to enable the Issuer to issue the Securities at the issue price and on their applicable terms. The value of the 
Derivative Component will be determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into account a number of factors, 
including, but not limited to: 
 
(a) 
market prices or values for the underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and other 
relevant economic variables (such as interest rates; dividend rates; financing costs; the

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
value, price or level of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and 
any futures or options relating to any of them; the volatility of any relevant underlying 
reference asset(s) or basis (bases); and exchange rates (if applicable)); 
 
(b) 
the time remaining until the scheduled redemption date of the Securities; 
 
(c) 
internal pricing models; and 
 
(d) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Derivative Component.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
6. CALCULATION AGENT 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent provided 
that it shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent. Notice of any such termination or appointment will 
promptly be given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 13. 
The Calculation Agent is acting solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or 
any relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Holder, and any determination and/or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and binding on the Issuer and the Holders. 
7. PAYMENTS 
 
7.1 Payment method 
Any Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Securities shall, in the case of administered account 
Securities, be made by transfer to an account denominated in the Settlement Currency and opened with the 
relevant Accredited Financial Intermediaries on behalf of the Holders and, in the case of Securities in pure 
registered form, to an account denominated in the Settlement Currency with a bank specified by the relevant 
Holders. All payments validly made to such Account Custodians shall discharge the Issuer from its payment 
obligations.  
 
7.2 Payments subject to tax legislation  
All payments shall be subject to (i) all legislation, regulations, or directives, particularly those of a fiscal nature; 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any law 
implementing such intergovernmental agreement). No commission or fee shall be borne by the Holders at the 
time of such payments.  
 
7.3 Designation of the Agents 
The Financial Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Pledged Account Custodian 
initially designated by the Issuer, as well as their respective designated offices, are listed at the end of this 
document. The Financial Agent and the Principal Paying Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer, and the 
Calculation Agents as independent experts and, in any event, are not bound by any obligation as an agent with 
regard to the Holders. The Issuer reserves the right to amend or terminate at any time the agency capacity of the 
Financial Agent, any paying agent, the Calculation Agent or the Pledged Account Custodian, and to appoint 
additional Financial Agent or Agents, Paying Agent or Agents, Calculation Agent or Agents, or Pledged 
Account Custodian or Custodians provided that there are, at any time:  
(a) 
a Financial Agent;  
(b) 
one or more Registrars and/or Calculation Agents when required by the Conditions;  
(c) 
a Principal Paying Agent in Paris;  
(d) 
a Pledged Account Custodian; and 
(e) 
any other agent that may be required by any other equity market on which the Securities are 
listed for trading.  
Any such amendment or change to a designated office must be made known in a notice sent immediately to the 
Holders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 133.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
7.4 Business Days for payment  
If any payment date in respect of any Security is not a business day, the Holder may not claim any payment until 
the following business day, nor any other sum because of this postponement, subject to the applicable Business 
Day Convention. In this paragraph, Business Day means a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) (1) on which 
Euroclear France, Clearstream Luxembourg or Euroclear or any other settlement-delivery system or depositary 
used for the relevant Securities (as applicable) operates, (2) on which the banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open in the countries indicated as Additional Financial Markets in the Final Terms, and (3) (a) in the case 
of a payment in a currency other than the euro, when the payment must be made by wire transfer to an account 
with a bank in the relevant currency, a day on which exchange transactions may be performed in said currency 
on the principal financial market of the country in which this currency is legal tender, or (b) in the case of a 
payment in Euros, a day that is a TARGET Business Day.  
 
7.5 Late Payment or delivery  
(a) 
In the event of late payment by the Issuer of any sum due in respect of the Securities that do 
not give entitlement to payment of interest, the Issuer must pay each Holder concerned late 
payment interest that will automatically be due without prior formal demand and will be 
calculated on said sum from the date on which the payment should have been made (inclusive) 
to the effective payment date (exclusive) at the applicable overnight deposits rate or any other 
rate indicated in the Final Terms. Such interest shall be capitalised if it remains due for a 
period greater than one year.  
(b) 
 the event of late delivery of all or part of the Quantity of Shares, Units or Debt Instruments 
due on Bonds, the Issuer must pay to each relevant Holder late payment interest that shall be 
automatically due without prior formal demand and will be calculated on the value of or said 
Quantity of Shares, Units or Debt Instruments from the scheduled delivery date (inclusive) to 
the effective delivery date (exclusive), at the applicable overnight deposits rate or any other 
rate indicated in the Final Terms. Such interest shall be capitalised if it remains due for a 
period greater than one year.  
8. EARLY TERMINATION EVENT  
The Representative, acting on behalf of the Masse at his own initiative or upon request from a Holder may, by 
sending a written notice to the Financial Agent (with a copy to the Issuer), trigger the settlement (in the case of 
Bonds) of each of the Securities he holds if one of the following events or circumstances occur: 
(a) 
(x) failure to pay the principal or (y) failure to pay the interest by the Issuer for more than 
fifteen (15) days from the date on which said payment is due and payable; or  
(b) 
failure by the Issuer to perform any one of its obligations in respect of the Securities, failure by 
the Guarantor to perform any one of its obligations in respect of the Guarantee, failure by the 
Pledgor to perform any one of its obligations with respect to the Pledge (this failure may, 
however, be invoked only by a Holder that is a beneficiary of the relevant Pledge), if such 
failure is not corrected within forty five (45) days from the date the Financial Agent receives 
the notice of said failure given by the Representative of the relevant Securities; or  
(c) 
a liquidator, a provisional liquidator, an official receiver or an ad hoc agent, acting pursuant to 
the company law governing the Issuer or a significant portion of its assets, liabilities or 
holdings is appointed, or any person benefiting from a security interest takes possession of all 
or part of the assets or holdings of the Issuer, or the Issuer takes measures to obtain protection 
or obtains protection from its creditors pursuant to the governing legislation, or the Issuer 
generally ceases to make its payments, or ceases or threatens to cease operating its business, 
but excluding a merger or reorganisation operation during which all the Issuer's assets are

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
transferred and in which all liabilities and debt (including the Securities) of the Issuer are 
assumed by another entity which may continue the activity of the Issuer; or  
(d) 
the Guarantor requests the appointment of a mediator, reaches an amicable settlement with its 
creditors, has ceased to make payments, or a court ruling has ordered the liquidation of the 
Guarantor or approved a plan for full assignment of the Guarantor's business pursuant to court-
ordered receivership proceeding, or the Guarantor is the subject of similar proceedings or, in 
the absence of legal proceedings, the Guarantor reaches a composition with its creditors, or a 
resolution is approved by the Guarantor to liquidate or dissolve the Guarantor, but excluding a 
merger or reorganisation operation during which all the Guarantor's assets are transferred, or 
the major portion of the Guarantor's liabilities and debt (including the Securities) is assumed 
by another entity that continues the Guarantor's business; or  
(e) 
the Guarantee (or the Pledge, although this failure may be invoked only by a Holder benefiting 
from the relevant Pledge) would be declared null and void, or claimed as such by the 
Guarantor.  
The Early Settlement Amount for each Security shall be due upon receipt of this formal notice, with the 
Issuer not requiring any other notice, unless, at the time of this receipt, none of the events or 
circumstances cited in this Condition have occurred. 
The occurrence of events or circumstances described above shall be notified by the Pledged Account 
Custodian to the Holders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as it has knowledge of said events or 
circumstances. 
9. COLLECTIVE ORGANISATION OF HOLDERS  
The Holders will be gathered automatically for the purposes of representing their common interests in a masse 
(the Masse) in respect of all Tranches in any Series. 
The Masse is governed by the provisions of the French commercial code with the exception of articles L. 228-
48, L.228-59, L. 228-71, R. 228-63, R. 228-67 and R. 228-69 amended as specified hereafter. 
9.1 Legal Existence 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through the representative (the Representative) and 
in part through the General Meeting (the General Meeting). 
Only the Masse shall exercise and assert the common rights and advantages of the Holders and linked to the 
Securities. 
9.2 Representative 
The office of the Representative may be exercised by a person of any nationality. However, this office may not 
be assigned to the following persons: 
(i) the Issuer, the members of its board of directors, its general managers, its auditors, its employees as well as 
their ascendants, descendants and respective spouses, or 
(ii)the Guarantor, its managers, its general managers, its auditors, its employees as well as their ascendants, 
descendants and respective spouses, or 
(iii) any company holding at least one-tenth of the share capital of the Issuer or in which the Issuer holds at least 
one-tenth of the share capital, or

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
(iv)persons to whom the profession of banker is prohibited or who are deprived of the right to run, administer or 
manage a company in whatever capacity. 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
The Representative will be remunerated, if applicable, in accordance with the conditions specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
In the event of death, resignation or revocation of the Representative, the latter will be replaced by the substitute 
Representative. In the event of death, resignation or revocation of the substitute Representative, the latter will be 
replaced by another subsitute appointed to that effect by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will be able to obtain, at all time, the names and addresses of the Representative and its 
substitute, at the address of the Issuer or at the office of any Paying Agent. 
9.3Power of the Representative 
Except for a resolution to the contrary of the General Meeting, the Representative will have the power to 
accomplish all acts of management necessary to represent the common interests of the Holders. 
All legal proceedings held against the Holders or initiated against them, must be brought or initiated against the 
Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of affairs of the Issuer. 
9.4 General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at all time upon notification from the Issuer or the Representative. One of more 
Holders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the outstanding Issue Size of the Securities may send to the 
Issuer or to the Representative a request to convene the General Meeting. If a General Meeting has not been 
convened within two (2) months following this request, the Holders may entrust one of them to petition the 
competent court in Paris to appoint an agent who will call the General Meeting. 
A notice specifying the date, hour, place and agenda of the General Meeting will be published as provided under 
Condition 13. 
Each Holder has the right to participate of the General Meeting in person or by proxy. Each Security carries the 
right to one vote. 
9.5Power of the General Meeting 
The General Meeting is authorised to deliberate on the revocation and replacement of the Representative or its 
alternate. It may also deliberated on any other question relating to the rights, actions and advantages linked to the 
Securities, including allowing the Representative to go court as a plaintiff or as a defendant.  
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal to modify the Conditions, any proposal whether for 
arbitration or settlement, relating to the rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions. 
However, the General Meeting may not increase the Holders’ charges nor establish inequitable treatment of the 
Holders. 
The General Meeting may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Holders present and represented 
hold at least one fifth of the outstanding Issue Size of the Securities at such time. No quorum is required on 
second convocation. The General Meetings will validly rule on a two-third majority held by the Holders present 
or represented.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
Decisions of the General Meetings must be published in accordance with the Condition 13. 
9.6 Information of Holders 
During the fifteen (15) day period preceding the holding of a General Meeting, each Holder or its representative 
may consult or obtain a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and the reports which will be 
presented at the General Meeting at the registered office of the Issuer, at the designated offices of the Paying 
Agent and/or at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting. 
9.7 Expenses 
The Issuer will pay of all the expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including the convening and 
holding of the General Meetings and, more generally, all the administrative expenses decided by the General 
Meeting, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the 
Securities. 
9.8 Single Masse 
The Securities’ Holders of the same Series, as well as the Securities’ Holders of any other Series will have been 
assimilated, in accordance with Conditions 16, to the Securities of the Series mentioned here-above, are grouped 
in a single Masse for the defense of their common interest. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of a Securities Series will be the Representative of the single Masse of this Series. 
10. TAXATION  
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues in respect of the Securities shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any jurisdiction or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
No gross-up: If any applicable law should require that payments of principal or interest or other revenues in 
respect of any Security, be subject to any such withholding tax or deduction, neither the Issuer, nor the 
Guarantor, nor the Pledgor will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding tax 
or deduction. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor/Pledgor shall not assume any liability or obligation for the payment of any taxes, 
duties, rights, tax withholdings at source or other charges which may result from the ownership or transfer of the 
Securities, and all payments made by the Issuer or, if applicable, by the Guarantor and Pledgor, shall be made 
subject to all taxes, duties, rights, tax withholdings at source or other charges that may have to be discharged, 
paid, taken or deducted. 
11. STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS  
Actions brought against the Issuer in respect of the Securities or interest shall be time barred on the expiry of a 
period of five (5) years (for the principal) or five years (for interest) from the relevant due date.  
12. PURCHASES AND HOLDING OR CANCELLATION  
The Issuer may at any time make purchases of Securities on the stock market, through a public offer or in any 
other manner.  
All Securities purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held or cancelled in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Securities purchased by the Issuer for cancellation, shall be cancelled by transfer to an account pursuant to the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear France and provided they are transferred. All such Securities, in the same 
manner as all Securities settled by the Issuer, shall be immediately cancelled (as well as all rights to the payment 
of interest and other amounts in respect of said Securities). Securities so cancelled or transferred for cancellation 
may not be re-issued or resold, and the Issuer shall be discharged from any obligation in respect of such 
Securities.  
13. NOTICES AND NOTIFICATIONS 
Notices to be sent to Holders pursuant to these Conditions may be delivered to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream Luxembourg or to any other central depository(ies), common depository or depository (the System) 
on which the Securities are cleared at that time and as specified in the Final Terms. Such a notice shall be 
considered to have been validly served as of the date on which the System receives the notice. However, as long 
as Securities are listed on any equity market and the rules of this market so require, notices must also be 
published on the website of the relevant Regulated Market, which will, in principle, be the website of 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
If such publication cannot, in practice, be made, the notice shall be deemed to have been validly given if it is 
published in a recognised English language daily newspaper widely distributed in Europe. The Holders shall be 
considered to have been informed of the content of such notices on the publication date or, if the notice is 
published several times on different dates, on the first publication date. 
14. SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER  
The Issuer, or any company that had previously been substituted for it, may at any time, without the consent of 
the Holders, substitute as principal debtor of the obligations arising from the Securities any company (the 
Substitute Issuer), which may be the Issuer or another company, provided that: 
(a) 
the Guarantor and the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee the performance of the 
obligations of the Substitute Issuer in respect of the Securities, to the benefit of the Holders, 
that the Holders benefiting from the Pledge shall also continue to benefit therefrom, and that 
the Guarantor and the Pledgor are not in a state of cessation of payments; 
(b) 
all measures, conditions and formalities that must be taken, satisfied and performed (including 
obtaining all consents necessary) in order to guarantee that the Securities constitute for the 
Substitute Issuer legal and enforceable obligations, shall have been taken, satisfied and 
performed respectively and shall be in full force and effect; 
(c) 
such a substitution has no unfavourable tax impact for the Holders; 
(d) 
the Substitute Issuer shall become a party to the Agency Agreement, with all appropriate 
corresponding changes, in the same way as if it had been a party thereto originally;  
(e) 
the Issuer must have advised the Holders of such substitution at least thirty (30) days in 
advance in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
if the Bonds are subject to a Moody's rating, any substitution of the Issuer shall also be notified 
to Moody's in the conditions described in subparagraph (e) above. The Substitution of the 
Issuer will take place upon a prior written notice to Moody's confirming that this substitution 
will not cause the deterioration of the Bond rating in effect. 
15. SUBSTITUTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
The Guarantor may at any time, without the consent of the Holders, substitute as joint debtor of the obligations 
arising from the Securities any other company (the Substitute Guarantor), provided that:

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
(a) 
the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the performance of the obligations 
of the Substitute Guarantor in respect of the Securities, to the benefit of the Holders, that the 
Holders benefiting from the Pledge shall also continue to benefit therefrom, and that the 
Substitute Guarantor and the Pledgor are not in a state of cessation of payments; 
(b) 
all measures, conditions and formalities that must be taken, satisfied and performed (including 
obtaining all consents necessary) in order to guarantee that the Securities constitute for the 
Substitute Guarantor legal and enforceable obligations, shall have been taken, satisfied and 
performed respectively and shall be in full force and effect; 
(c) 
such a substitution has no unfavourable impact for the Holders; 
(d) 
the Issuer must have advised the Holders of such substitution at least thirty (30) days in 
advance in accordance with Condition 13. 
(e) 
if the Bonds are subject to a Moody's rating, any substitution of the Guarantor shall also be 
notified to Moody's in the conditions described in subparagraph (d) above. The Substitution of 
the Guarantor will take place upon a prior written notice to Moody's confirming that this 
substitution will not cause the deterioration of the Bond rating in effect. 
16. SUBSEQUENT ISSUES  
The Issuer shall have the option, without the consent of the Holders, to issue additional Securities identical in all 
respects (or identical in all respects, with the exception of the first interest payment) to the existing Securities of 
the same Series, which shall have the same ISIN code. 
17. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION  
17.1 Governing law  
The Securities shall be governed by French law and shall be construed in accordance with French law.  
In case of any inconsistency between the French and the English versions of the Securities Conditions, the 
French version of the Securities Conditions shall prevail. 
 
17.2 Jurisdiction  
Any claim against the I'suer or the Guarantor in respect of the Securities must be brought before the competent 
courts within the jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal. The Issuer elects domicile at the registered offices of 
the Guarantor for any instrument, formality or procedure filed against it or to which it is a party in respect of the 
Securities.

--- Page 183 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
183 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE FIRST DEMAND GUARANTEE OF EXANE DERIVATIVES 
in respect of the Securities issued by Exane Finance 
Unofficial free translation for information purposes only of the French language version. In the event of any 
discrepancies, ambiguity or conflict between the French text and this translation, the French text shall prevail. 
Exane Finance (the Issuer) may issue under or outside its debt issuance programme (i) any securities either (a) linked to 
one or more, or a combination of, shares, indices, units or shares of collective investment schemes, futures contracts, 
exchange rates, debt instruments, listed options or commodities (the Certificates), or (b) linked to the creditworthiness 
of one or more reference entity/ies (the Credit Linked Notes or CLN), or (c) indexed to a combination of one or more 
Underlyings of the Certificates with one or more credit events in respect of one or more reference entities of the CLN 
(the Hybrid Securities) (together, the Complex Debt Securities), (ii) any bonds either (a) linked to one or more, or a 
combination of, shares, indices, units or shares of collective investment schemes, futures contracts, exchange rates, debt 
instruments, listed options or commodities (the Bonds), or (b) linked to the creditworthiness of one or more reference 
entity/ies (the Credit Linked Notes or CLN), or (c) linked to a combination of one or more Underlyings of the Bonds 
with one or more credit events in respect of one or more reference entities of the CLN (the Hybrid Secutities) (together 
the Complex Bonds) and (iii) any warrants (together with the Complex Debt Securities and the Complex Bonds, the 
Exane Securities). The manager of Exane Derivatives has authorised Exane Derivatives (the Guarantor) to grant a 
first demand guarantee in favour of the Holders of Exane Securities (the Holders) with respect to (en consideration de) 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Exane Securities. 
1. 
Exane Guarantee 
The Guarantor hereby independently, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to pay to any Holder of Exane 
Securities, upon first demand by the latter, any amount for which a payment request substantially in the form of 
Schedule 1 (a "Payment Request") has been delivered to the Guarantor, to the extent authorised by its Management in 
the payment currency required, by immediately making the funds available at the payment location required before the 
closing of banking operations on said date (the Exane Guarantee).  
2. 
Joint liability of the Guarantor and the Issuer  
The Guarantor hereby recognises that the Exane Guarantee constitutes an independent and autonomous undertaking of 
the Guarantor in accordance with article 2321 of the French Code civil. Therefore, the Guarantor cannot claim to 
benefit from any legal circumstance constituting an exemption from liability or grounds for defence arising from the 
Exane Securities or from any other legal relationship with the Issuer for the purpose of delaying or evading payment. 
For this purpose, the Guarantor recognises that it shall not be discharged, nor shall its liability be reduced, at any time, 
by payment terms, a waiver or an agreement given to the Issuer or to any other person, or by the failure of enforcement 
proceedings brought against the Issuer or any other person. In addition, the Guarantor recognises (1) that it shall not be 
discharged from its obligations if the Issuer's obligations under the Exane Securities become null and void because of a 
problem with the capacity, limitation or absence of authority of the Issuer (which includes a lack of capacity of the 
persons who have entered into the agreement on behalf or in the name of the Issuer), (2) that its obligations pursuant to 
this Exane Guarantee shall remain in force and shall continue to produce their effects notwithstanding the dissolution, 
merger, consolidation or reorganisation of the Issuer, or if bankruptcy proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, or 
any other procedure similar to the receivership or liquidation of the Issuer, (3) that it shall not invoke any right of 
subrogation in the rights of the Holders and that it shall not initiate any procedure to obtain the execution of a right or 
any demand against the Issuer as long as amounts remain due by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Exane Securities, 
(4) that its obligations under this Exane Guarantee shall not be dependent upon or subject to the validity or the 
enforcement of any other security granted by the Issuer or any other person to the Holders, nor to the existence or the 
creation of any security to the benefit of the Holders; and (5) that notice or formal demand by the Issuer or any other 
person (except for Payment Requests to be delivered to the Guarantor) is not a condition precedent to a payment by the 
Guarantor under this Exane Guarantee.  
3. 
Extension of the Guarantor's liability

--- Page 184 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
184 
 
• 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Exane Guarantee shall remain in force and shall continue 
to produce all their effects as long as amounts remain oustanding under the Exane Securities.  
4. 
Governing law and jurisdiction  
This Exane Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with French law. The Guarantor hereby agrees 
that the Tribunal de commerce of Paris shall have jurisdiction to rule on any action or proceeding with respect to this 
Exane Guarantee.  
Signed in Paris, 12 September 2017 
EXANE DERIVATIVES 
 
By: Benoît CATHERINE, 
Deputy CEO of Exane Derivatives Gérance, Manager of Exane Derivatives

--- Page 185 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
185 
 
Schedule 1 - Form of Payment Request 
 
[By registered letter with acknowledgment of receipt] 
[Holder’s letterhead] 
 
EXANE DERIVATIVES 
To the attention of [name] 
[address] 
On [__], 
Payment demand under your independent first demand guarantee dated [__] 
Dear Madam, Dear Sir, 
We refer to the independent first demand guarantee granted on [__] by your company, as Guarantor, in favour of all 
Holders of Exane Securities (the "Exane Guarantee"). This letter constitutes a Payment Request. 
Capitalised terms used in this letter have the meaning attributed to them in the Exane Guarantee. 
We hereby certify that we currently hold [specify number and types of Exane Securities held by the Holder] under 
which an [aggregate] amount of [__] is due and payable1. We recovered an [aggregate] amount of [__] upon 
enforcement of the pledge over securities account granted by the Issuer to our benefit, leaving a net [aggregate] amount 
of [__] due and payable. 
Therefore, we request that you pay us the amount of [__]2 before the closing of banking operations on the [__] date 
hereof. 
Yours sincerely, 
 
[name of Holder] 
 
______________________________ 
By: 
Title: 
 
 
 
1 If a payment received by a Holder is declared null and void pursuant to any rule governing bankruptcy proceedings or any other procedure similar to 
the receivership or liquidation of the Issuer, such sums may be the subject of a Payment Request as if such sums were still due from the Issuer.  
 
2 The amount claimed shall not exceed the amount due and payable under the Exane Securities held by the Holder less the amount of the proceeds 
arising out of the prior enforcement of the pledge over securities account granted by the Issuer in favour of the Holder.

--- Page 186 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
186 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE PLEDGE 
Contents: 
Form of statement of pledging of securities account  
Form of formal demand to the Issuer 
Form of instruction for enforcement of the Pledge 
Release of the Pledge – Form of certificate of valid settlement  
Release of the Pledge – Form of certificate of the Pledged Account Custodian

--- Page 187 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
187 
 
 
FORM OF 
STATEMENT OF PLEDGING OF SECURITIES ACCOUNT  
(Governed by article L. 211-20 and D.211-10 et seq. of the French monetary and financial code) 
THE UNDERSIGNED: 
 a French general partnership (société en nom collectif) with share capital of [●] Euros, registered under number 
491 294 567 RCS Paris, with registered offices at 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France; 
referred to hereinafter as the Pledgor, 
ACTING PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF: 
The bonds issuance programme described in the base prospectus of Exane Finance in its capacity as Issuer and Exane 
Derivatives in its capacity as Guarantor and dated 16 July 2021 (the Base Prospectus) as supplemented by any 
supplement relating thereto, if any, and the applicable final terms (the Final Terms) as amended and/or supplemented 
as the case may be with respect to the issue of [number or amount + commercial name] – Series No. [●] – ISIN Code: 
[●] – Issue Date: [●] (the Securities); 
PLEDGES THE FOLLOWING SECURITIES ACCOUNT: 
Pledged Account name: [●] 
Pledged Account number: [●] 
Together with the cash account associated thereto (to which shall be credited any distributions and proceeds (fruits et 
produits) relating to the financial instruments registered to the credit of the Pledged Account), 
referred to hereinafter as the Pledged Account 
OPENED IN THE BOOKS OF: 
[●], [corporate form] with a share capital of [●], registered under number [●] RCS [●] with registered offices at [●]; 
referred to hereinafter as the Pledged Account Custodian 
IN WHICH THE FOLLOWING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS HAVE BEEN [INITIALLY] REGISTERED: 
 
Quantity 
Description 
ISIN Code 
Currency 
Unit value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IN FAVOUR OF THE PLEDGEE(S): 
EXANE DERIVATIVES, the initial subscriber of the Securities described in the Final Terms, residing at 6, rue Ménars 
–75002 Paris – France, as well as any subsequent Holder of one or more Securities (i) whose name appears in the books 
of an Accredited Financial Intermediary (i.e., any financial institution authorised to hold accounts in the name of its

--- Page 188 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
188 
 
clients on Euroclear France or in the books of any other depositary nominated in the Final Terms (such as SIX SIS SA 
in Switzerland), including the current depositary bank of Clearstream Banking, a joint stock company, or any bank that 
may succeed it in this capacity, and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear system) with Euroclear 
France, in the case of bearer or administered registered Securities, or (ii) whose name appears in the accounts of the 
Issuer or the Registrar in the case of Securities in pure registered form. 
each one being hereinafter referred to as the Pledgee 
AS GUARANTEE FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE AMOUNTS DUE IN RESPECT OF THE OBLIGATION 
DEFINED HEREINAFTER: 
Each obligation and liability due under the Securities by the Issuer to the Pledgee, whether payment or delivery 
obligation, whether present or future, actual, contingent or owed jointly or severally (or any other capacity whatsoever), 
the amount of which is determined in accordance with the Final Terms of the Securities and is within the limits of the 
mark to market of the Securities without Issuer spread. 
referred to hereinafter as the Secured Debt 
UNDER THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS: 
Pursuant to the provisions of article L. 211-20 of the French monetary and financial code, the Pledgor pledges in favour 
of the Pledgee(s) the Pledged Account to guarantee the payment of each Secured Debt, about which it declares it is fully 
informed, until payment in full of said debt.  
The Pledgor represents that it has valid and legal title to the Pledged Account and the financial instruments described in 
this statement and that Pledged Account and such financial instruments are not the subject of any security, attachment, 
escrow or encumbrance of any nature whatsoever, other than the Pledge arising from this statement.  
The Pledgor grants the Pledge in accordance with the provisions of article 2334 of the French civil code. Consequently, 
the Pledgee(s) may exercise their rights under this Agreement with respect to the Pledged Account only, without 
benefiting from any personal recourse against the Pledgor. 
1. 
Basis of the Pledge  
The amounts in all currencies and the Eligible Financial Instruments in the Pledged Account, the amounts and 
instruments which are substituted therefor or added to them, in any manner, as well as the distributions and proceeds 
(fruits et produits) therefrom in any currency (including any dividend or any other distribution in any form) are included 
in the basis of the Pledge.  
The Pledgor has the option to substitute, in whole or in part, other Eligible Financial Instruments with at least an 
equivalent value without such substitution being a novation of the Pledge.  
2. 
Adjustment of the value of the Pledge  
On each Pledge Calculation Date, until the release of the Pledge, the Pledged Account Custodian must determine the 
total value of the Eligible Financial Instruments and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account. If, on a Pledge 
Calculation Date, this total value is less than the Minimum Pledge Value or the Fixed Pledge Value, as set out in the 
Final Terms, the Pledged Account Custodian must inform the Pledgor no later than the Business Day following such 
determination.  
In that case, the Pledgor shall be required to credit the Pledged Account, no later than two Business Days after receipt of 
the notice from the Pledged Account Custodian, with the number of Eligible Financial Instruments or amounts 
necessary so that the total value of the Eligible Financial Instruments and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged 
Account is at least equal to the Minimum Pledge Value or equal to the Fixed Pledge Value. Any failure by the Pledgor

--- Page 189 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
189 
 
with respect to this obligation to adjust the value of the Pledge shall be notified to the Pledgees by the Pledged Account 
Custodian in accordance with Condition 13 within five Business Days of its occurrence.  
Conversely, if, on any Pledge Calculation Date, the total value of the Eligible Financial Instruments and amounts in all 
currencies in the Pledged Account is greater than the Minimum Pledge Value or the Fixed Pledge Value, the Pledged 
Account Custodian must inform the Pledgor no later than the Business Day following such a determination, and 
transmit to the Pledgor a partial release of the Pledge for the corresponding value to allow the Pledgor to bring the total 
value of the Eligible Financial Instruments and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account to the Minimum 
Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge Value. This release shall be in the form of a certificate from the Pledged Account 
Custodian in the form that appears in the Base Prospectus. No later than the following Business Day, the Pledgor shall 
indicate to the Pledged Account Custodian the financial instruments or amounts that it wishes to receive in order to 
bring the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account to the Minimum 
Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge Value.  
However, the Pledgor may no longer request a reduction in the total value of the Eligible Financial Instruments and 
amounts in any currencies in the Pledged Account to the Minimum Pledge Value or Fixed Pledge Value if a Pledgee 
sends the Pledgor a Formal Demand described in article 5 hereinafter.  
Should the Securities be the subject of a Moody's rating, any change to the conditions for exercising the Pledged 
Account Custodian role may lead to a review of the Pledged Account parameters in order to obtain confirmation of the 
Securities rating by Moody's.  
3. 
Operations on securities in the Pledged Account  
In the event of a takeover bid, exchange offer, public repurchase offer or, more generally, any financial operation on the 
financial instruments in the Pledged Account that may result in an adjustment, the Pledgor may substitute for the 
relevant financial instruments other Eligible Financial Instruments with a value at least equal to the financial 
instruments that it wishes to replace.  
4. 
Partial or total release of the Pledge  
Upon settlement by the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, or if the Issuer cancels a Security (following a market 
purchase, a public offer or any other manner), the Pledgor may obtain a total or partial release of the Pledge, as 
applicable. This release shall take the form of a Certificate of Valid Settlement from Euroclear France or the Settlement 
Confirmation Agent, in the form provided in the Base Prospectus, indicating that each relevant Security has been settled 
in full in favour of the Holders’ account custodians, the list of which has been provided by the Principal Paying Agent 
or cancelled by the Issuer.  
The Pledgor must provide the Certificate of Valid Settlement from Euroclear France or from the relevant Settlement 
Confirmation Agent to the Pledged Account Custodian. Once this certificate has been provided to the Pledged Account 
Custodian, the Pledgor may freely dispose of all or part, as applicable, of the financial instruments or amounts in all 
currencies in the Pledged Account in order to bring the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in all 
currencies in the Pledged Account to the Minimum Pledge Value or to the Fixed Pledge Value, in case of partial 
release.  
The Pledged Account Custodian shall ensure that the cash settlement or the physical settlement to be made by the 
Issuer, or the Guarantor, if applicable, equals the amount indicated in the Final Terms. In the event of a disagreement 
for more than one Business Day between the Pledged Account Custodian and the Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent must designate a leading bank or an investment bank acting on the interbank market (or, if applicable, the money 
market, the swaps market, or the over the counter index options market) most closely connected to the calculations to be 
made, so that said bank can perform the required calculation, with the exception of any member of the Exane group. 
The amount determined by this bank may not be disputed by the Calculation Agent, the Pledged Account Custodian, or 
any other person. Upon payment of the amount calculated by this bank, the Pledged Account Custodian may obtain the 
necessary release.

--- Page 190 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
190 
 
5. 
Enforcement of the Pledge  
The Representative, acting on behalf of the Masse of the Holders of certain, liquid, due and payable debt may enforce 
the Pledge in the amount of his Secured Debt plus enforcement costs, eight calendar days after the Formal Demand 
provided in the Base Prospectus and sent to the Issuer by registered letter, with copies to the Pledgor and the Pledged 
Account Custodian, has remained unanswered. In order to request the enforcement of the Pledge, each relevant 
Representative must send an Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge in the form provided in the Base Prospectus to 
the Pledged Account Custodian by registered letter.  
The Pledge shall then be enforced, for each relevant Security, or when relevant, for the relevant amounts, up to the limit 
of the Secured Debt, pursuant to applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) 
below and the common procedure described in paragraph (d) below: 
(a) 
Enforcement process - Financial securities eligible to direct attribution 
Pursuant to articles L. 211-20-V et D. 211-12 of the French monetary and financial code, for French or foreign 
securities traded on a regulated market, the enforcement will take place, for each financial security, within the 
limits of the Secured Debt, by allotment with full ownership on the basis of the last available closing price on 
the regulated market on the Exchange Business Day preceding the allotment date;  
For units or shares of collective investment schemes as defined by article L.214-1 of the French monetary and 
financial code, the enforcement will take place, for each financial security, within the limits of the Secured 
Debt, by allotment with full ownership on the basis of the last available valuation of such units or shares on the 
Business Day preceding the allotment date. 
(b) 
Enforcement process - Financial securities not eligible to direct attribution 
For securities other than financial securities eligible to direct attribution (described in paragraph (a) above), the 
enforcement of the Pledge, will take place, for each financial security, within the limits of the Secured Debt, by 
request for ownership to the benefit of the Pledgee pursuant to article 2348 of the French civil code. 
The enforcement of the Pledge pursuant to article 2348 of the Civil Code will be performed as follows: 
(i) 
the foreclosure (attribution) of the financial securities will take place three calendar days 
following the mailing of the Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge from the Pledgee to 
the Pledgor and Pledged Account Custodian (the “Foreclosure Date”);  
(ii) 
the Pledgor and the Pledgee must appoint an expert as described below and in accordance 
with article 1843-4 of the French civil code to determine the value of the financial securities 
as of the Foreclosure Date (the “Enforcement Value”): 
(a) 
the expert will be an institution specialising in the valuation of shares designated by 
the Pledgor and the Pledgee;  
(b) 
if the Pledgor and the Pledgee fail to designate an expert within seven (7) calendar 
days, the Pledgor will request the President of the Paris Commercial Court 
(Tribunal de commerce de Paris) acting by way of summary proceedings (en la 
forme des référés) to appoint an expert among international and independent 
auditing firms. The decision of the President of the Paris Commercial Court will be 
final; 
(iii) 
the expert will be in charge of determining the Enforcement Value à on the Foreclosure Date;  
(iv) 
the valuation made by the expert appointed under Paragraph (ii) above will be final and 
binding on the Pledgor and Pledgee; and

--- Page 191 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
191 
 
(v) 
if the sum of the Enforcement Value and amounts in all currencies in the Pledged Account 
are higher than the outstanding amount of the Secured Debt on the date of the enforcement of the 
Pledge, then the excess shall be returned to the Pledgor. 
(c) 
Enforcement process – Amounts in currency 
For amounts in any currency in the Pledged Account, the enforcement of the pledge will be performed directly 
by transfer with full ownership to the Pledgee.  
(d) 
Enforcement process – Common process 
Enforcement shall be performed by the Pledged Account Custodian by first allotting to each relevant Pledgee 
in priority order French or foreign transferable securities traded on a regulated market or units or shares in 
collective investment undertakings. The number of French or foreign transferable securities traded on a 
regulated market or units or shares in collective investment undertakings and any other assets to the credit of 
the Pledged Account to be allotted shall be calculated so that each Secured Debt can receive an equal number 
of such assets recorded in the Pledged Account at the time the Pledged Account Custodian receives the first 
Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge in the form provided in the Base Prospectus. Fractional French or 
foreign transferable securities traded on a regulated market or units or shares in collective investment 
undertakings, if any, shall be paid by allotting to each relevant Pledgee amounts in any currency recorded in 
the Pledged Account.  
Neither the Pledged Account Custodian nor the Pledgee shall incur any liability with respect to the Pledgor or 
any third party as the result of an order for enforcement or the price at which the Pledge is enforced. The costs 
for enforcing the Pledge shall be borne by the Pledgor and shall be charged against the proceeds from this 
enforcement.  
In the event that the financial instruments and/or amounts recorded in the Pledged Account are denominated in 
a currency different from the currency of the Secured Debt, the foreign exchange rate that shall be applied to 
value, attribute or transfer the Pledge shall be the reference foreign exchange rate of the European Central 
Bank as it is available at 11.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the European Central Bank's website on the date of the 
operation planned or, if no quotation is possible on this date, the first available quotation that follows.  
6. 
Addresses for notices made pursuant to this document  
Pledgor: Exane Derivatives 
Address: 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France 
Attention: [●] 
Telephone: [●] 
Fax: [●] 
Issuer: Exane Finance 
Address: 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France 
Attention: [●] 
Telephone: [●] 
Fax: [●] 
Pledged Account Custodian: [●] 
Address: [●] 
Attention: [●] 
Telephone: [●] 
Fax: [●] 
Any change in contacts details may be made by giving a five (5) Business Days’ notice to the Issuer and/or to 
the Pledgor, and or to the Pledged Account Custodian.

--- Page 192 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
192 
 
7. 
Miscellaneous 
The provisions of this Pledge shall remain in full force and effect with respect to any person who assumes, for 
any reason, the rights of the Pledgee.  
The provisions of this Pledge shall remain in full force and effect with respect to any person who assumes, for 
any reason, the rights of the Pledgor.  
This Pledge is and shall be in addition to all tangible and personal guarantees that have been or may be 
provided to the Pledgee by the Pledgor, by the Issuer or by any third party. This Statement of Pledge shall be 
notified to the Pledged Account Custodian. 
The costs in respect of this instrument shall be borne by the Pledgor.  
Unless the context otherwise specifically requires, capitalised terms used in this Statement of Pledge and not 
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified for such terms in the Final Terms and on the 
Conditions defined in the Base Prospectus. 
8. 
Governing law and jurisdiction  
This Statement of Pledge is governed by French law. Any dispute with respect to its validity, interpretation or 
execution shall be submitted to the Tribunal de commerce of Paris.  
Signed in Paris in two originals,  
On [●]. 
 By Exane Derivatives as Pledgor  
 
 
___________________________ 
By: [●] 
Title: [●] 
___________________________ 
By: [●] 
Title: [●]

--- Page 193 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
193 
 
FORM OF FORMAL DEMAND TO THE ISSUER 
(To be sent by any Representative of the Masse of the Securities Holders benefiting from a Pledge, if applicable) 
Exane Finance 
Capital Markets Legal Department 
6, rue Ménars 
75002 Paris 
France 
Registered mail (return receipt requested) 
Dear Sir or Madam, 
The terms defined hereinafter shall have the same meaning as in the bonds issuance programme described in the base 
prospectus of Exane Finance in its capacity as Issuer and Exane Derivatives in its capacity as Guarantor and dated 16 
July 2021as supplemented by any supplement relating thereto, if any (the Base Prospectus), and in the final terms as 
amended and/or supplemented as the case maybe (the Final Terms) with respect to the issue of [number or amount + 
commercial name] – Series No. [●] – ISIN Code: [●] – Issue Date: [●] (the Securities), and in the statement of pledging 
of securities account relating to the Securities and dated [●] (the Statement of Pledge).  
As Representative of the Masse of Holders of Securities issued pursuant to the above-mentioned issue, I hereby declare 
that the said Holders hold certain, liquid, due and payable debts totalling [●] according to a calculation provisionally 
made on [●]. 
I hereby remind you that, under the terms of the Statement of Pledge, Exane Derivatives has pledged to the benefit of 
the said Holders a Pledged Account (account number [●]), opened in the books of [● relevant Pledged Account 
Custodian], to guarantee, within the limits of the Secured Debt, your obligations to pay the Settlement Amount.  
Therefore, I am formally demanding payment of the said Holders within eight days.  
If full settlement is not made, I shall send an Instruction for Enforcement of the Pledge to the Pledged Account 
Custodian, and the Pledge shall be enforced in accordance with the enforcement order specified in the Statement of 
Pledge.  
Yours faithfully,  
 
 
Signed in [●] 
On [●] 
 
 
___________________________ 
By: [●] 
Title: [●] 
Enclosure: statement of securities account  
Copy sent by registered mail (return receipt requested): (1) Exane Derivatives, Capital Markets Legal Department, 6 
rue Ménars, 75002 Paris, France and (2) [relevant Pledged Account Custodian]

--- Page 194 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
194 
 
FORM OF INSTRUCTION FOR ENFORCEMENT OF THE PLEDGE 
 
(To be sent by any Representative of the Masse of Securities’ Holders benefiting from a Pledge, on or after the ninth 
calendar day following receipt by the Issuer of a Formal Demand if, on said date, the Holders’ debt has not been paid) 
Attention: [relevant Pledged Account Custodian] 
Registered mail (return receipt) 
Dear [Madam or Sir], 
The terms defined hereinafter shall have the same meaning as in the bonds issuance programme described in the base 
prospectus of Exane Finance in its capacity as Issuer and Exane Derivatives in its capacity as Guarantor and dated 16 
July 2021as supplemented by any supplement relating thereto, if any (the Base Prospectus), and in the final terms as 
amended and/or supplemented as the case maybe (the Final Terms) with respect to the Issue of [number or amount + 
commercial name] – Series No. [●] – ISIN Code: [●] – Issue Date: [●] (the Securities), and in the statement of pledging 
of securities account relating to the Securities and dated [●] (the Statement of Pledge). 
I hereby remind you that, under the terms of the Statement of Pledge, Exane Derivatives pledged in favour of the 
Securities’ Holders a Pledged Account (account number [●]), opened in your books to secure its payment obligations in 
respect of the Secured Debt.  
Acting as Representative of the Masse of the Holders of a certain, liquid, due and payable debt in respect of the 
Securities held, and in accordance with the procedure defined in the Base Prospectus and the Statement of Pledge, I 
have sent a Formal Demand to the Issuer on [●] and sent a copy thereof to the Pledgor and to yourselves.  
In this Formal Demand, I have declared the debt of the said Holders for the sum of [●] based on a provisional 
calculation performed on [●], and formally demanded that the Pledgor pay the said Holders in full the amounts due 
within eight calendar days, i.e., no later than [●]. 
As no such payment was made by the Issuer within this period, I am hereby sending you this Instruction for 
Enforcement of the Pledge. The certain, liquid, due and payable debt of the said Holders totals [●], according to the 
calculation on [●]. 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Base Prospectus and the Statement of Pledge, I am hereby requesting that you enforce 
the Pledge pursuant to the order for enforcement specified in the Statement of Pledge up to the amount of the Secured 
Debt.  
Yours faithfully,  
 
Signed in [●] 
On [●] 
_________________________ 
By: [name of the Representative of the Masse of the Holders] 
Address: [●]

--- Page 195 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
195 
 
 
RELEASE OF THE PLEDGE – FORM OF CERTIFICATE 
OF VALID SETTLEMENT 
[On Euroclear France or the relevant Settlement Confirmation Agent's letterhead] 
[Exane Derivatives 
Middle Office Dérivés 
Fax No.: 01 42 89 38 59 
BY FAX  
Dear Sir or Madam,  
Subject: Exane Finance Bonds Issuance Programme – Release of the Pledge – Certificate of Valid Settlement  
The terms defined hereinafter shall have the same meaning as in the bonds issuance programme described in the base 
prospectus of Exane Finance in its capacity as Issuer and Exane Derivatives in its capacity as Guarantor and dated 16 
July 2021as supplemented by any supplement relating thereto(the Base Prospectus), if any, and in the final terms as 
amended and/or supplemented as the case maybe (the Final Terms) with respect to the Issue of [number or amount + 
commercial name] – Series No. [●] – ISIN Code: [●] – Issue Date: [●] (the Securities), and in the statement of pledging 
of securities account relating to the Securities and dated [●] (the Statement of Pledge) [We hereby certify that you have 
redeemed, then cancelled [number] Securities issued on [●].]/[We hereby certify that you have settled [number] 
Securities issued on [●] [at the price of [●] per Security]/We hereby certify that we have delivered [number] Securities 
received from the Principal Paying Agent to the benefit of account custodians for the beneficiaries, the list of which was 
provided to us by the Principal Paying Agent].]3  
We invite you to verify with the Pledged Account Custodian whether the settlement that you have performed reduces 
the Secured Debt and, as a result, the [Minimum Pledge Value/Fixed Pledged Value]. If that is the case, we hereby 
confirm, pursuant to Condition 3.3(D) of the Base Prospectus and the provisions of the Statement of Pledge, the 
execution of the obligations, which justifies the release of the Pledge solely so that you may receive from the Pledged 
Account Custodian financial instruments and/or amounts in the Pledged Account so as to bring the total value of the 
financial instruments and amounts in the Pledged Account to the [Minimum Pledge Value/Fixed Pledged Value].  
Yours faithfully,  
Signed in [●] 
On [●] 
 
 
_____________________ 
By: [•] 
Title: [•] 
Copy to: [●relevant Pledged Account Custodian] 
 
 
 
3 
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 196 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
196 
 
RELEASE OF THE PLEDGE – FORM OF CERTIFICATE 
OF THE PLEDGED ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN 
[On the letterhead of the relevant Pledged Account Custodian] 
[Exane Derivatives 
Middle Office Dérivés 
Fax No.: + 33 (0)1 42 89 38 59] 
BY FAX 
Dear Sir or Madam, 
Subject: Exane Finance Bonds Issuance Programme – Partial release of the Pledge – Certificate of the Pledged 
Account Custodian  
The terms defined hereinafter shall have the same meaning as in the bonds issuance programme described in the base 
prospectus of Exane Finance in its capacity as Issuer and Exane Derivatives in its capacity as Guarantor and dated 16 
July 2021 as supplemented by any supplement relating thereto (the Base Prospectus), if any, and in the final terms as 
amended and/or supplemented as the case maybe (the Final Terms) with respect to the issue of [number or amount + 
commercial name] – Series No. [●] – ISIN Code: [●] – Issue Date: [●] (the Securities), and in the statement of pledging 
of securities account relating to the Securities and dated [●] (the Statement of Pledge). 
As you know, on each Pledge Calculation Date, we determine the total value of the financial instruments and amounts 
in the Pledged Account.  
The determination we have made on this date shows that the total value of the financial instruments and amounts 
recorded in the Pledged Account exceed the [Minimum Pledge Value/Fixed Pledged Value] by [⚫].  
Pursuant to Condition 3.3(B) of the Base Prospectus and the provisions of the Statement of Pledge, you have the right to 
advise us in writing, no later than the Business Day following receipt of this certificate, of the financial instruments or 
amounts that you wish to be attributed in order to bring the total value of the financial instruments and amounts in the 
Pledged Account to the [Minimum Pledge Value/Fixed Pledged Value]. 
Please find enclosed a copy of the inventory of the financial instruments and amounts recorded as of this date in the 
Pledged Account.  
Yours faithfully, 
 
Signed in [⚫] 
On [⚫] 
 
 ___________________________  
By: [⚫] 
Title: [⚫] 
 
Enclosure: statement of securities account  
Copy to: [relevant Pledged Account Custodian]

--- Page 197 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
197 
 
TECHNICAL ANNEX  
 
 
TECHNICAL ANNEX ................................................................................................................................................ 197 
I. 
INTRODUCTION TO THE TECHNICAL ANNEX ................................................................................... 203 
II. 
DEFINITIONS .............................................................................................................................................. 205 
A. 
Values …………………………………………………………………………………………………205 
B. 
Valuation Dates of the Values ............................................................................................................................. 205 
C. 
Dates relating to Coupons ................................................................................................................................... 205 
D. 
Applicable Conditions ......................................................................................................................................... 205 
E. 
Parameters for Calculation .................................................................................................................................. 207 
III. 
OBSERVED VALUES ................................................................................................................................. 208 
A. 
General Definitions for Observed Values ........................................................................................................... 208 
B. 
Definitions of Observed Values for an Underlying which is a Debt Instrument ................................................. 209 
IV. 
DETERMINED VALUES Generalities ........................................................................................................ 210 
A. 
Mathematical Values ........................................................................................................................................... 210 
1. 
1. ..................................................................................Mathematical Definition: Cardinal Number 
210 
2. 
2. ............................................................................ Mathematical Definition: Incremental Number 
210 
3. 
3. ...................................................................................................... Mathematical Definition: Sum 
210 
4. 
4. .................................................................................................. Mathematical Definition: N-Sum 
210 
5. 
5. ......................................................................................Mathematical Definition: Weighted Sum 
210 
6. 
6. ............................................................................................ Mathematical Definition: Difference 
211 
7. 
7. ....................................................................... Mathematical Definition: Equi Weighted Average 
211 
8. 
8. ............................................................................... Mathematical Definition: Weighted Average 
211 
9. 
9. ............................................................................................. Mathematical Definition: Maximum 
211 
10. 
10. ..................................................................................... Mathematical Definition: nth Maximum 
211 
11. 
11. ................................................................................. Mathematical Definition: Time Maximum 
211 
12. 
12. ........................................................................................... Mathematical Definition: Minimum 
211 
13. 
13. ...................................................................................... Mathematical Definition: nth minimum 
212 
14. 
14. .................................................................................. Mathematical Definition: Time Minimum 
212 
15. 
15. ........................................................................Mathematical Definition: Maximum Up Filtered 
212 
16. 
16. ........................................................................ Mathematical Definition: Minimum Up Filtered 
212 
17. 
17. ................................................................... Mathematical Definition: Maximum Down Filtered 
213 
18. 
18. ................................................................... Mathematical Definition: Minimum Down Filtered 
213 
19. 
19. ............................................................................................... Mathematical Definition: Product 
214 
20. 
20. ........................................................................................... Mathematical Definition: N-Product 
214 
21. 
21. ................................................................................ Mathematical Definition: Division or Ratio 
214 
22. 
22. .................................................................................. Mathematical Definition: Absolute Value 
214 
23. 
23. ......................................................................................... Mathematical Definition: Whole Part 
214 
24. 
24. ....................................................................................... Mathematical Definition: Square Root 
214 
25. 
25. ......................................................................................... Mathematical Definition: Cubic Root 
215 
26. 
26. ............................................................................................. Mathematical Definition: nth Root 
215 
27. 
27. ........................................................................................ Mathematical Definition: Exponential 
215 
28. 
28. ....................................................................................... Mathematical Definition: Power Value 
215 
29. 
29. .............................................................................. Mathematical Definition: Natural Logarithm 
215 
30. 
30. ............................................................................. Mathematical Definition: Counted Condition 
215

--- Page 198 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
198 
 
31. 
31. .............................................................................. Mathematical Definition: Indicator Function 
215 
B. 
Financial Values 215 
32. 
1. .............................................................................................. Financial Definition: Capped Value 
215 
33. 
2. ............................................................................................. Financial Definition: Floored Value 
216 
34. 
3. .......................................................................... Financial Definition: Capped and Floored Value 
216 
35. 
4. ......................................................................................... Financial Definition: Converted Value 
216 
36. 
5. .............................................................................. Financial Definition: Performance of a Value 
216 
37. 
6. .............................................................. Financial Definition: Performance of a Debt Instrument 
216 
38. 
7. ............................................................. Financial Definition: Spread Performance of two Values 
217 
39. 
8. ........................................................................ Financial Definition: Excess Return Performance 
217 
40. 
9. ........................................................................................ Financial Definition: Return of a Value 
217 
41. 
11. .................................................................... Financial Definition: Spread Return of two Values 
218 
42. 
12. ............................................................................. Financial Definition: Linear Financing Value 
218 
43. 
13. ....................................................... Financial Definition: Linear Annualized Return of a Value 
219 
44. 
14. ....................................................................Financial Definition: Composite Capitalized Value 
219 
45. 
15. ........................................................................... Financial Definition:Linear Capitalized Value 
219 
46. 
16. ..................................................... Financial Definition: Iterative Composite Capitalized Value 
220 
47. 
17. ............................................................ Financial Definition: Iterative Linear Capitalized Value 
220 
48. 
18. .................................................. Financial Definition: Capitalized Value with Monetary Driver 
220 
49. 
19. ....................................................................................... Financial Definition: Actualized Value 
221 
50. 
20. ................................................................... Financial Definition: Annualized Return of a Value 
221 
51. 
21. .................................................................................. Financial Definition: Zero-Coupon Value 
221 
52. 
22. ...................................................................... Financial Definition: Spread Zero-Coupon Value 
222 
53. 
23. .............................................................................................. Financial Definition: Linear Floor 
222 
54. 
24. .............................. Financial Definition: Forward Exchange with Basis swap on Denominator 
222 
55. 
25. .................................. Financial Definition: Forward Exchange with Basis swap on Numerator 
223 
56. 
26. .................................................................................................... Financial Definition: ExpoVol 
223 
57. 
27. ................................................................................................... Financial Definition: ExpoBeta 
223 
58. 
28. ....................................................................................... Financial Definition: Adjustment Rate 
224 
59. 
29. ................................................................ Financial Definition: Linear Excess Adjustment Rate 
224 
60. 
30. .................................................... Financial Definition: Multiplicative Excess Adjustment Rate 
224 
61. 
31. ..................................................................................... Financial Definition: Zero Coupon Rate 
224 
62. 
32. .......................................................................................... Financial Definition: Financing Rate 
225 
C. 
Basket Values 227 
63. 
1. ............................................................................................................. Basket Definition: Basket 
227 
64. 
2. ............................................................................... Basket Definition: Increasing Ranked Basket 
227 
65. 
3. .............................................................................................. Basket Definition: Worst of Basket 
227 
66. 
4. ............................................................................. Basket Definition: Decreasing Ranked Basket 
227 
67. 
5. ................................................................................................... Basket Definition: Select Basket 
227 
68. 
6. ................................................................................................ Basket Definition: Median Basket 
227 
69. 
7. ............................................................................................. Basket Definition: Weighted Basket 
227 
70. 
8. ...................................................................................Basket Definition: Weighted Basket Value 
228 
71. 
9. ........................................................................................ Basket Definition: Select Basket Value 
228 
72. 
10. .................................................................................... Basket Definition: Median Basket Value 
228 
73. 
11. ...................................................................................Basket Definition: Equi Weighted Basket 
228 
74. 
12. ........................................................................ Basket Definition: Equi Weighted Basket Value 
228 
75. 
13. .................................................. Basket Definition: Weighted Increasing Ranked Basket Value 
228 
76. 
14. ..Basket Definition: Weighted Decreasing Ranked Basket Value a.k.a Rainbow Basket Value. 
228

--- Page 199 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
199 
 
D. 
Cost Values 
229 
77. 
1. ...................................................................................... Cost Definition: Added Costs Net Value 
229 
78. 
2. .......................................................................... Cost Definition: Added Costs Net Value Striked 
229 
79. 
3. ................................................................................ Cost Definition: Multiplied Costs Net Value 
229 
80. 
4. ..................................................................... Cost Definition: Multiplied Cost Net Value Striked 
229 
81. 
5. ...................................................................................... Cost Definition: Mixed Costs Net Value 
230 
82. 
6. ........................................................................... Cost Definition: Mixed Cost Net Value Striked 
230 
83. 
7. ................................................................................Cost Definition: Composite Costs Net Value 
230 
84. 
8. ................................................................... Cost Definition: Composite Costs Net Value Striked 
231 
85. 
9. ..................................................................................Cost Definition: Volatility Costs Net Value 
231 
86. 
10. ................................................................... Cost Definition: Volatility Costs Net Value Striked 
231 
87. 
11. ..................................................................... Cost Definition: Outperformance Costs Net Value 
232 
88. 
12. ........................................................ Cost Definition: Outperformance Costs Net Value Striked 
232 
89. 
13. ........................................................................................ Cost Definition: Leverage Cost Value 
232 
90. 
14. ................................. Cost Definition: Early Leverage Cost Value Before First Valuation Date 
233 
91. 
15. ............................................................................... Cost Definition: Early Leverage Cost Value 
233 
E. 
Statistical Values ............................................................................................................................................... 233 
92. 
1. .............................................................................................. Statistical Definition: Historic Beta 
233 
93. 
2. ............................................................................... Statistical Definition: Historic Beta with Lag 
234 
94. 
3. ......................................................................... Statistical Definition: Historic Beta of Strategies 
234 
95. 
4. .......................................................... Statistical Definition: Historic Beta of Strategies with Lag 
234 
96. 
5. ...................................................................................... Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility 
235 
97. 
6. ..................................................................................................... Statistical Definition: Variance 
235 
98. 
7. ....................................................................... Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility with Lag 
235 
99. 
8. ...................................................................................... Statistical Definition: Variance with Lag 
236 
100. 
9. ................................................................. Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility of a Strategy 
236 
101. 
10. .............................................................................. Statistical Definition: Variance of a Strategy 
237 
102. 
11. ................................................ Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag 
237 
103. 
12. ............................................................... Statistical Definition: Variance of a Strategy with Lag 
237 
104. 
13. ..................................................................... Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility 
238 
105. 
14. .................................................................................... Statistical Definition: Centered Variance 
238 
106. 
15. ...................................................... Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility with Lag 
238 
107. 
16. .....................................................................Statistical Definition: Centered Variance with Lag 
239 
108. 
17. ................................................ Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy 
239 
109. 
18. .............................................................. Statistical Definition: Centered Variance of a Strategy 
240 
110. 
19. ................................. Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag 
240 
111. 
20. ............................................... Statistical Definition: Centered Variance of a Strategy with Lag 
240 
F. 
Product Values 241 
112. 
1. ................................................................................................................ Product Definition: Call 
241 
113. 
2. ................................................................................................................. Product Definition: Put 
241 
114. 
3. ............................................................................................ Product Definition: Ratcheted Value 
241 
115. 
4. ............................................................................................. Product Definition : Lock-Up Value 
241 
116. 
5. ................................................................................................ Product Definition : Ladder Value 
242 
117. 
6. ......................................................................................... Product Definition : Mensuello Return 
242 
118. 
7. ......................................................................................... Product Definition : Trimestrio Return 
242 
119. 
8. .......................................................................................... Product Definition : Semestrio Return 
243 
120. 
9. ............................................................................................ Product Definition : Annualo Return 
243 
121. 
10. ............................................................................................. Product Definition : Bengal Return 
243

--- Page 200 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
200 
 
122. 
11. ........................................................................................ Product Definition : Napoleon Return 
244 
123. 
12. ........................................................................................................... Product Definition : Joker 
244 
124. 
13. ................................................................................................. Product Definition : Joker Value 
244 
125. 
14. ............................................................................................... Product Definition: Tempo Value 
244 
126. 
15. ........................................................................... Product Definition: Crystallised Basket Value 
245 
127. 
16. .......................................................... Product Definition: Crystallised Basket Value with Floor 
245 
128. 
17. .................................................................................. Product Definition: Booster Basket Value 
245 
129. 
18. ...................................................................................... Product Definition: Trampoline Return 
246 
130. 
19. ..................................................................................... Product Definition : Trampoline Basket 
246 
131. 
20. ............................................................................ Product Definition: Trampoline Basket Value 
246 
132. 
21. ........................................................................... Product Definition: Best Timing Basket Value 
246 
133. 
22. ............................................................................................. Product Definition: Ejector Basket 
246 
134. 
23. ................................................................................... Product Definition: Ejector Basket Value 
246 
135. 
24. ........................................................................................... Product Definition: Octoplus Basket 
246 
136. 
25. ................................................................................ Product Definition: Octoplus Basket Value 
247 
G. 
Strategy 
247 
137. 
1. ............................................................................................. Strategy Definition : Alpha Strategy 
247 
138. 
2. ..................................................................... Strategy Definition : Alpha Strategy Excess Return 
247 
139. 
3. .............................................................. Strategy Definition : Alpha Strategy with Annual Costs 
248 
140. 
4. ........................................Strategy Definition: Alpha Strategy Excess Return with Annual Costs 
248 
141. 
5. ................................................................................. Strategy Definition: Excess Return Strategy 
249 
142. 
6. .................................................. Strategy Definition: Excess Return Strategy with Annual Costs 
249 
143. 
7. ................................................................................... Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy 
250 
144. 
8. .................................................... Strategy Definition : Beta Neutral Strategy with Annual Costs 
250 
145. 
9. ............................................................ Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return 
251 
146. 
10. ............................. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Annual cost 
252 
147. 
11. .................... Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy with Exposure Rate and Annual Costs 
252 
148. 
12.Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Exposure Rate and Annual Costs 
253 
149. 
13. ............... Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy with Participation Rate and Annual Costs 
254 
150. 
14.Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Participation Rate and Annual Costs 255 
151. 
15. .................................................................................... Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy 
256 
152. 
16. .............................................................. Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy on a Strategy 
257 
153. 
17. ...................................................... Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy with Annual Costs 
258 
154. 
18. ................................ Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy on a Strategy with Annual Costs 
259 
155. 
19. ......................... Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy on a Strategy with Transaction Costs 
260 
156. 
20. ........................................................................................ Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy 
261 
157. 
21. .................................................................. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy on a Strategy 
261 
158. 
22. .................................... Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy on a Strategy with Annual Costs 
262 
159. 
23. .......................................................... Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy with Annual Costs 
262 
160. 
24. .............................................................................. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Alpha Strategy 
263 
161. 
25. ............................................... Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Alpha Strategy with Annual Costs 
264 
162. 
26. ................................................................................ Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Beta Strategy 
265 
163. 
27. ................................................. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Beta Strategy with Annual Costs 
266 
164. 
28.Strategy Definition: Range Vol Target Strategy with Volatility Range, Transaction Cost and Annual Costs 26
165. 
29. ....................................................................................... Strategy Definition: Switcher Strategy 
268 
166. 
30. ......................................................... Strategy Definition: Switcher Strategy with Annual Costs 
268 
167. 
31. ........................................................................................ Strategy Definition: VolTum Strategy 
269 
168. 
32. .......................................................... Strategy Definition: VolTum Strategy with Annual Costs 
270

--- Page 201 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
201 
 
169. 
33. ............................................................................................. Strategy Definition: CPPI Strategy 
271 
170. 
34. ............................................................... Strategy Definition: CPPI Strategy with Annual Costs 
272 
171. 
35.Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Basis Swap on Denominator 27
172. 
36.Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Basis Swap on Numerator 
27
173. 
37.Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs and Basis Swap on
174. 
38.Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs and Basis Swap on
175. 
39. ........................................ Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging 
277 
176. 
40. .................... Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging Normalized 
277 
177. 
41. ......... Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs 
278 
178. 
42.Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging Normalized with Annual Costs 
27
179. 
43. ......................................... Strategy Definition: Strategy with Strip Foreign Exchange Hedging 
279 
180. 
44. ........... Strategy Definition: Strategy with Strip Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs 
280 
181. 
45. .... Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Multi Step Iterated 
280 
182. 
46. ...................... Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Iterated 
281 
183. 
47.Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Multi Step Iterated with Annual Costs 
184. 
48.Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Iterated with Annual Cost 283 
185. 
49. ....................................................................................... Strategy Definition: Leverage Strategy 
283 
186. 
50. ........................................................ Strategy Definition: Leverage Strategy with Annual Costs 
284 
187. 
51. ......................................................................................... Strategy Definition: Reverse Strategy 
284 
188. 
52. .......................................................... Strategy Definition: Reverse Strategy with Annual Costs 
285 
189. 
53. ..................................................................... Strategy Definition: Composite Leverage Strategy 
285 
190. 
54. ...................................... Strategy Definition: Composite Leverage Strategy with Annual Costs 
286 
191. 
55. ..................................................................................... Strategy Definition: Composed Strategy 
287 
192. 
56. ........................................................ Strategy Definition: Composed Strategy with annual costs 
287 
193. 
57. ....................................................................Strategy Definition: Backward Composed Strategy 
288 
194. 
58. ....................................... Strategy Definition: Backward Composed Strategy with annual costs 
288 
195. 
59. ......................................................... Strategy Definition : Weighted Strategy with annual costs 
289 
196. 
60.Strategy Definition: Iterated Ratio Strategy, Iterated Ratio Strategy on date d, Intraday Iterated Ratio Strategy o
H. 
Debt Instrument Determined Values ............................................................................................................... 290 
197. 
1. ................................................................................... Redemption Date of the Convertible Bond 
290 
198. 
2. ...................................................................................... Reference Date of the Convertible Bond 
291 
199. 
3. .......................................................................................... Reference Date of the Perpetual Bond 
291 
200. 
4. .......................................................................................................... Reference Date of the Bond 
292 
201. 
5. ........................................................................................Reference Date of the Contingent Bond 
292 
202. 
6. ................................................................................................ Debt Instrument Market Bid Price 
292 
203. 
7. ............................................................................................... Final Price of the Contingent Bond 
292 
204. 
8. ....................................................................... Price of the Contingent Bond on a Valuation Date 
293 
205. 
9. .............................................................................................. Final Price of the Convertible Bond 
294 
206. 
10. .................................................................... Price of the Convertible Bond on a Valuation Date 
294 
207. 
11. ............................................................................................... Final Price of the Perpetual Bond 
294 
208. 
12. ........................................................................ Price of the Perpetual Bond on a Valuation Date 
294 
209. 
13. .............................................................................................. Final Price of the Debt Instrument 
295 
210. 
14. ...................................................................... Price of the Debt Instrument on a Valuation Date 
295 
211. 
15. ................................................................................................... Gross Debt Instrument Coupon 
295 
212. 
16. ............................................................................... Sum of the Gross Debt Instrument Coupons 
295 
213. 
17. ..................................... Sum of the Gross Debt Instrument Coupons Capitalised at Bond Yield 
295 
214. 
18. .................................................... Number of Liquidated Debt Instrumentd at a Valuation Date 
295 
215. 
19. ............................................................................................................. Debt Instrument Coupon 
296

--- Page 202 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
202 
 
216. 
20. ......................................................................................... Sum of the Debt Instrument Coupons 
296 
217. 
21. ...................................................................... Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons 
296 
218. 
22. ...................................................................................................... Basket Debt Instrument Flow 
296 
219. 
23. .............................................................................. Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons 
Erreur ! S
220. 
24. ....................................... Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method 
298 
221. 
25. ................ Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method 
Erreur ! S
 
V. 
COUPONS 303 
A. 
Indexed coupon 303 
222. 
1. ........................................................................................................... Coupon Indexed to a Value 
303 
223. 
2. ...................................................................................... Coupon Floored to the Previous Coupon 
303 
224. 
3. ...................................................................................... Coupon Capped to the Previous Coupon 
303 
225. 
4. ...................................................................................................................... Conditional Coupon 
303 
226. 
5. .............................................................................................................................. Tempo Coupon 
303 
227. 
6. ..................................................................................................... Performance Detached Coupon 
304 
228. 
7. ................................................................... Capped and Floored Performance Detached Coupon 
304 
229. 
8. ........................................................................................Capped Performance Detached Coupon 
304 
230. 
9. ....................................................................................... Floored Performance Detached Coupon 
304 
231. 
10. .................................................... Capped and Floored Indexed Performance Detached Coupon 
304 
232. 
11. ........................................................................ Capped Indexed Performance Detached Coupon 
304 
233. 
12. ........................................................................Floored Indexed Performance Detached Coupon 
304 
234. 
13. .............................................................................................................................. Fixed Coupon 
304 
235. 
14. ................................................................................................................... Sum of Coupon Paid 
305 
B. 
Incremental Coupon ......................................................................................................................................... 305 
VI. 
SETTLEMENT ........................................................................................................................................... 306 
A. 
Final Settlement ................................................................................................................................................. 306 
236. 
1. ............................................................................................................. Fixed Settlement Amount 
306 
237. 
2. ................................................................................................. Bond Backed Settlement Amount 
306 
238. 
3. ...................................................................................................... Delta One Settlement Amount 
306 
239. 
4. .......................................................................................................... Indexed Settlement Amount 
306 
240. 
5. .................................................................................................... Conditional Settlement Amount 
306 
241. 
6. ..................................................................................................... Composite Settlement Amount 
307 
242. 
7. ...................................................................................................... Combined Settlement Amount 
307 
B. 
Early Settlement ................................................................................................................................................ 307 
243. 
1. ............................................................................................................. Fixed Settlement Amount 
307 
244. 
2. ................................................................................................. Bond Backed Settlement Amount 
307 
245. 
3. ...................................................................................................... Delta One Settlement Amount 
307 
246. 
4. .......................................................................................................... Indexed Settlement Amount 
307 
247. 
5. .................................................................................................... Conditional Settlement Amount 
307 
248. 
6. ..................................................................................................... Composite Settlement Amount 
307 
249. 
7. ...................................................................................................... Combined Settlement Amount 
307

--- Page 203 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
203 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION TO THE TECHNICAL ANNEX 
 
This Technical Annex contains the calculation formulae (each a Pay-Off Formula) used to determine an amount of 
interest, early settlement amount or final settlement amount payable on a Security. This section also contains definitions 
of dates needed to determine such amounts, as well as conditions of settlement (e.g. settlement in cash or through 
physical delivery of deliverable assets). 
Two different types of Values are used to determine an amount of interest, early settlement amount or final settlement 
amount payable on a Security: 
− 
An observed value may be obtained on an officially published market or a Bloomberg screen page. From these 
sources, prices of shares or futures or level of indices, net asset values (NAV) of funds, exchange rate, reference 
rate or interest rate levels, official values of unlisted indices, settlement value of a bond reaching maturity, value 
of coupons detached from a bond over a period, value of the dividends paid on a share over a given period, or 
any other objectively verifiable values, may be obtained. This will therefore be an Observed Value observed on 
a given date and such Observed Values are detailed in §3 of this Technical Annex. 
− 
Based on the values observed, combinations or calculations may be made. Such combinations and calculations 
based on Observed values observed on given dates (Valuation Dates) provide Determined Values which are 
detailed in § IV of this Technical Annex. The way to combine Values is expressed unequivocally by functions or 
definitions that will enable to define Determined Values. Such functions or definitions can be classified 
considering their use in the common language. Some of them are mathematical (in § IV /A) as they exist in 
general mathematics, when too specific they are linked to statistics and are classified in § IV /E. Some functions 
and definitions are common to the financial language used in different fields of finance and not only in the 
description of Securities, they are all in §4/B. When manipulating more sophisticated concepts, for example 
when numerous Values are used simultaneously we contemplate Basket definitions in § IV /C, or when an 
iterative process is involved we use the Strategy in § IV /G. Finally to approach specific financial products, we 
have created two categories that enable the description of Products in § IV /F and their associated Costs in 
§IV/D.  
Together, the observed values and the determined values define the values based on which the principal settlement 
formulae (at maturity or early) and/or interest payments can be calculated (the Values). These will constitute the Values 
necessary to define the applicable Pay-Off Formula.  
The common definitions for the Values (observed and determined) are set out in §II of this Technical Annex.  
These Values may be used as the basis of a “condition”, making settlement or interest payments dependent on the 
fulfillment of a condition relating to a Value. This is referred to as the Condition which are defined in §II/D of the 
Technical Annex.  
These Values may be used to determine: 
- 
an amount of interest, as detailed in §V (coupon); and/or 
- 
an early settlement amount, as detailed in §VI/B; and/or 
- 
a final settlement amount, as detailed in §VI/A. 
 
Example: Autocall Coupon with Memory (Tempo) Effect on Worst of Share Basket (a.k.a. Yield Crescendo 
Tempo). 
Definition of the “Ratio of a Value” in IV-B-Financial Definitions °5, the Values being in the Final Terms. 
Definition of the Basket in IV-C-Basket Definition °1, the values being the one above. 
Definition of Increasing Ranked Basket in IV-C-Basket Definition °2, the Basket being the one above. 
Definition of Worst of Basket in IV-C-Basket Definition °3, the Worst of Basket being defined within the Increasing 
Ranked Basket above. 
The following are numbers applied to a Nominal Value that is an amount per Security 
 
Tempo Coupon defined using the definition of Tempo Value in IV-F-Product Definition °14, with

--- Page 204 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
204 
 
Valuation Dates are semi annual anniversary dates starting on the Initial Valuation Date. 
Theoretical Value t on a Valuation Date is the rank of the Valuation Date following the Initial Valuation Date 
multiplied by a number as specified in the Final Terms. 
Definition of Conditions in II-D Applicable Conditions a) European Barrier Condition with 
Condition is Worst of Basket as defined above > number as specified in the Final Terms 
Definition of the Early Settlement in VI-B-Early Settlement °5 
Definition of Conditions in II-D Applicable Conditions a) European Barrier Condition with 
Condition is Worst of Basket as defined above > number as specified in the Final Terms 
If condition is met a number as specified in the Final Terms, else no Early Settlement. 
Definition of the Final Settlement in VI-A-Final Settlement Amount °5 
Definition of Conditions in II-D Applicable Conditions a) European Barrier Condition with 
Condition is Worst of Basket as defined above > number as specified in the Final Terms 
If condition is met a number as specified in the Final Terms, else a Ratio as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Example 2: Beta Neutral Strategy Delta One with Costs 
Final Settlement is a Delta One Settlement Amount defined in VI-A-Final Settlement Amount °3 obtained from the D-
Cost Definition °1 with 
F=1% 
and Value is a Vol Target Strategy as per G-Strategy Definition °13 with 
Cap =1, TargetVolLevel=0.1 
VH is Historic Volatility as per E-Statistical Definitions°5, with  
N is 40 and B can be 252, 
Monetary Driver is the Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg under the 
ticker EXDMEURC Index, 
Driver is a Beta Neutral Strategy with Annual Costs as per G-Strategy °7 with, 
Driver 1 is the Exane Key Ideas Index (Bloomberg Code EXDMIKI Index) 
Driver 2 is Exane Eurostoxx50 Index (Bloomberg Code SX5E Index) 
Monetary Driver is the Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on Bloomberg 
under the ticker EXDMEURC Index. 
F is 0.7%, 
Expo Beta is a 
Historic Beta as per E-Statistical Definition °1 with N= 90 
Cap =1.5 and Floor 0.

--- Page 205 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
205 
 
II. 
DEFINITIONS 
A. Values 
The Values will be specified in the Final Terms and may include, without limitation, numbers, formulae, 
amounts, prices, levels or rates that may be adjusted in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by 
the Calculation Agent. 
B. Valuation Dates of the Values  
1. 
Initial Valuation Date  
means, the date(s) as specified in the Final Terms or, if this/these date(s) is/are not an Exchange Business 
Day, the following Exchange Business Day, subject to the consequences of a Market Disruption Event 
defined as the case may be in Conditions 5.7 to 5.16. 
2. 
Final Valuation Date  
means, the date(s) as specified in the Final Terms or, if this/these date(s) is/are not an Exchange Business 
Day, the following Exchange Business Day, subject to the consequences of a Market Disruption Event 
defined as the case may be in Conditions 5.7 to 5.16. 
3. 
Early Valuation Date  
means, the date(s) as specified in the Final Terms or, if this/these date(s) is/are not on Exchange Business 
Day, the following Exchange Business Day, subject to the consequences of a Market Disruption Event 
defined as the case may be in Conditions 5.7 to 5.16. 
4. 
Valuation Date  
means, the date(s) as specified in the Final Terms or, if this/these date(s) is/are not on Exchange Business 
Day, the following Exchange Business Day, subject to the consequences of a Market Disruption Event 
defined as the case may be in Conditions 5.7 to 5.16. 
5. 
Valuation Time  
means the time or the set of times as specified in the Final Terms on the relevant Valuation Date. 
6. 
Valuation Period 
means a period composed of Valuation Dates, between two Valuation Dates or composed of Valuation 
Times, between two Valuation Times, as specified in the Final Terms. 
C. Dates relating to Coupons 
1. 
Interest Period Commencement Date means the Issue Date or any other date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
2. 
Interest Period End Date means the date as specified in the Final Terms or if this date is not on an 
Exchange Business Day, the following Exchange Business Day, subject to the applicable Business Day 
Convention. 
3. 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms, subject to the applicable Business 
Day Convention.  
D. Applicable Conditions 
1. Single conditions 
(a) European Barrier Condition  
The European Barrier Condition is deemed met if on the Valuation Date of the European Barrier 
Condition:  
Value (1) > or ≥ Value (2) 
Where

--- Page 206 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
206 
 
“Value (1)” and “Value(2)” are Values specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
As an illustration, Value (1) can therefore be equal to an observation of an Underlying, a constant, the 
time maximum of an equi-weighted basket, etc. Idem for Value(2). 
(b) Daily Barrier Condition  
The Daily Barrier Condition is deemed met if on each of the Valuation Dates of the Daily Barrier 
Condition:  
Value (1) t > or ≥ Value (2) t 
Where  
“Value (1) t” and “Value(2)t” mean the Value (1) and Value(2) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Examples:  
Value (1) t: Closing Price of the DAX index 
Value (1) t: Observed Price of the EUR/USD Foreign Exchange Rate at 17:00 on page ECB37 
Value (1) t: Net Asset Value of the Carmignac Patrimoine fund 
The Valuation Dates are all Exchange Business Days between the Initial Valuation Date and the Final 
Valuation Date of the Daily Barrier Condition. 
(c) Bermudan Barrier Condition  
The Bermudan Barrier Condition is deemed met if on each of the Valuation Dates during the Valuation 
Period of the Bermudan Barrier Condition:  
Value (1) t > or ≥ Value (2) t 
Where  
“Value (1)t” and “Value(2)t” mean the Value(1) and Value(2) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
The Valuation Date t and the Valuation Period are as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) American Barrier Condition  
The American Barrier Condition is deemed met if at any Valuation Time during the Valuation Period: 
Value (1) > or ≥ Value (2) 
Where  
“Value (1)” and “Value(2)” are Values specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) Reference Date Condition  
The Reference Date Condition is deemed met if the Valuation Date is posterior to the Reference Date of 
each Convertible Bond and/or the Reference Date of each Contigent Bond and/or the Reference Date of 
each Perpetual Bond and/or the Reference Date of each Bond, as specified in the Final Terms. 
2. Multiple conditions 
(a) Cumulative Condition 
A Cumulative Condition of several single or multiple Conditions will be deemed met if each of these 
Conditions is met.

--- Page 207 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
207 
 
(b) Alternative Condition 
An Alternative Condition of several single or multiple Conditions will be deemed met if at least one of 
these Conditions is met. 
E. Parameters for Calculation  
1. 
Barrier means a European Barrier, an American Barrier, an Intraday Barrier, a Bermudan Barrier, a 
Ratchet Barrier, an Ejector Barrier, a Ladder Barrier or a Lock-Up Barrier. 
2. 
European Barrier means, for a Valuation Date, the fixed level (expressed as a value or percentage) or 
the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
American Barrier means, for one or more Valuation Dates, the fixed level (expressed as a value or 
percentage) or the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
Intraday Barrier means, for a Valuation Period, the fixed level (expressed as a value or percentage) or 
the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
Bermudan Barrier means, for one or more Valuation Date(s), the fixed level (expressed as a value or 
percentage) or the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
Ratchet Barrier means, for a Valuation Period, the fixed level (expressed as a value or percentage) or the 
Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Ejector Barrier means, for one or more Valuation Dates, the fixed level (expressed as a value or 
percentage) or the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
Ladder Barrier means, for one or more Valuation Dates, the fixed level (expressed as a value or 
percentage) or the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
Lock-Up Barrier means, for one or more Valuation Date(s), the fixed level (expressed as a value or 
percentage) or the Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
10. 
Basis means a fixed number of days, weeks or months, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
11. 
Annualisation Factor means a fixed number of days, weeks or months, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
12. 
Spread means a level expressed as a percentage and as specified in the Final Terms. 
13. 
Max Exposure means a level expressed as a percentage and specified in the Final Terms. 
14. 
Min Exposure means a level expressed as a percentage and specified in the Final Terms. 
15. 
Calculation Day means any Business Day or any calendar day as specified in the Final Terms. 
16. 
Leverage means a leverage factor expressed as a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
17. 
Indexation means a level expressed as a percentage or as an amount and as specified in the Final Terms. 
18. 
Number of Bonds means the quantity of bonds as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
19. 
Cap means a cap level as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
20. 
Floor means a floor level as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
21. 
Conversion Premium means a conversion premium expressed as a percentage and as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
22. 
Weighting means a level expressed as a percentage and specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
23. 
Rainbow Weightings means a serie of levels (expressed as a percentage) as specified in the Final Terms. 
24. 
Quantity of Backed Bonds means the quantity of backed bonds as specified in the Final Terms. 
25. 
Conversion Ratio means the ratio as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 208 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
208 
 
III. 
OBSERVED VALUES  
A. General Definitions for Observed Values 
1. 
Gross Share Dividend means the dividend per share as declared by the Company of the Share in 
question, and paid by the Company to its shareholders before deduction or withholding at source of taxes 
and duties by or on behalf of any authority with jurisdiction with the power to impose tax on this 
dividend, any imputation or other credits, settlements or deductions granted by any authority having the 
power to impose tax in respect of this dividend or this tax, and all taxes, credits, settlements or profits 
taxed, withheld, assessed or levied in this way.  
2. 
Net Share Dividend means the total amount of net dividends per share (i.e. the amount of gross 
dividends in cash reduced by any withholding or deduction at source, by or on behalf of any competent 
authority with the power to impose tax on this dividend, any imputation or other credits, settlements or 
deductions granted by any authority having the power to impose tax in respect of this dividend or this tax, 
and all taxes, credits, settlements or profits taxed, withheld, assessed or levied in this way) that would 
receive Exane Derivatives on the relevant ex-dividend date.  
3. 
Cumulated Gross Share Dividend means the sum of the Gross Share Dividend on a Valuation Period as 
specified in the Final Terms 
4. 
Cumulated Net Share Dividend means the sum of the Net Share Dividend on a Valuation Period as 
specified in the Final Terms 
5. 
Expected Dividend means for a relevant Share the amount of dividend which may be expected to be 
received by Exane Derivatives according to the dividend policy of the Company at the Trade Date and as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
6. 
Market(s) Indicator(s) mean(s) any factor or economic markets indicator or belonging to the "swap" 
family from which the settlement formulae (at maturity or early) and/or interest payments may be 
calculated, as specified in the Final Terms. 
7. 
Observed Price of the Market Indicator means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the price or value of 
any Market Indicator, as specified in the Final Terms and as observed by the Calculation Agent, at the 
relevant Valuation Time on a Price Source or any page of any other successor specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
8. 
Foreign Exchange Rate means the spot foreign exchange rate for a currency pair “X/Y”, “X/Y” being 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (expressed as the amount of Y per X 1.00) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on a Valuation Date, as the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
by using the X/Y spot foreign exchange rates (or the Y/X spot foreign exchange rates as the case may be) 
displayed on a ”Reuters page” or a “Bloomberg page”, and on a “Time” as specified in the Final Terms; 
this spot foreign exchange rate may be equal to a fixed amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. If 
on the Valuation Date (which is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the spot foreign exchange rate is 
not available, the spot foreign exchange rate shall be the published spot foreign exchange rate on the first 
succeeding Business Day unless should there be no such available rate during the “n” Business Days (“n” 
being specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the Valuation Date as specified in the Final 
Terms. In this case, the Calculation Agent will determine in good faith an estimate of the spot foreign 
exchange rate to be supplied on this nth Business Days.  
9. 
Forward Exchange Rate in general means the forward foreign exchange rate for a maturity for a 
currency pair “X/Y”, “X/Y” and forward maturity being specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(expressed as the amount of Y per X 1.00) as determined by the Calculation Agent on a Valuation Date as 
the case may be, and as specified in the applicable Final Terms by using the X/Y forward foreign 
exchange rates for the maturity (or the Y/X forward foreign exchange rates for the maturity as the case 
may be) displayed on a ”Reuters page” or a “Bloomberg page”, and on a “Time” as specified in the Final 
Terms; this forward foreign exchange rate may be equal to a fixed amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If on the Valuation Date (which is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the forward 
foreign exchange rate is not available, the forward foreign exchange rate shall be the published forward 
foreign exchange rate on the first succeeding Business Day unless should there be no such available rate 
during the “n” Business Days (“n” being specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the Valuation 
Date as specified in the Final Terms. In this case, the Calculation Agent will determine in good faith an 
estimate of the spot foreign exchange rate to be supplied on this nth Business Days.

--- Page 209 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
209 
 
B. Definitions of Observed Values for an Underlying which is a Debt Instrument 
1. 
Final Redemption Amount of a Debt Instrument 
Means the final redemption amount as a percentage or an amount of a Debt Instrument on the Debt 
Instrument Maturity Date, as stipulated by the Company issuing the Debt Instrument.  
2. 
Early Redemption Amount of a Debt Instrument following a call by the Company issuing the Debt 
Instrument 
Means the redemption amount of a Debt Instrument as a percentage or an amount following a call by the 
Company issuing the Debt Instrument, as stipulated by the Company issuing the Debt Instrument. 
3. 
Sale Price of the Shares Received by Exane Derivatives as the holder of the Convertible Bond  
Means the sale price for the shares obtained on conversion of the Convertible Bond in accordance with 
the terms specified in its issue prospectus on the Conversion Date and sold at their closing price on the 
Exchange Business Day following the date of their receipt by Exane Derivatives. 
 
4. 
Sale Price of the Shares Received by Exane Derivatives as the holder of the Contingent Bond  
Means the sale price for the shares obtained on conversion of the Contingent Bond in accordance with the 
terms specified in its issue prospectus on the Conversion Date and sold at their closing price on the 
Exchange Business Day following the date of their receipt by Exane Derivatives. 
5. 
Total Final Redemption Amount Received of a Debt Instrument  
Means the principal and the coupon (if any) of a Debt Instrument, actually received by Exane Derivatives 
with respect to the Debt Instrument Maturity Date (net of any cost and tax) in its capacity as holder of the 
Bond. 
6. 
Principal Final Redemption Amount Received of a Debt Instrument  
Means the principal subtracting the coupon (if any) of a Debt Instrument, actually received by Exane 
Derivatives with respect to the Debt Instrument Maturity Date (net of any cost and tax) in its capacity as 
holder of the Bond.

--- Page 210 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
210 
 
IV. 
DETERMINED VALUES GENERALITIES 
 
- 
A number is any real number or rate, an integer is a round number, an amount is a number associated to a 
currency. 
- 
t is a date, and Dt is a number that results from a difference of date, also known as a duration, defined in each 
formula. 
A. Mathematical Values 
1. Mathematical Definition: Cardinal Number 
Means the number of Values (which may be an underlying, dates,Valuation Dates during a Valuation Period, 
coupons, Events, rates values, Market Indicators, or Values that verify one or several Condition(s)) as 
specified in the Final Terms  
The Number is an integer number. 
2. Mathematical Definition: Incremental Number 
Means a variable number that takes different values between a Lower Bound Value and an Upper Bound Value 
as specified in the Final Terms  
The Incremental Number is an integer number, whose values are all the successive values between a Lower 
Bound Value and an Upper Bound Value (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), in Pre-Set Increments, 
and unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Pre-Set Increment is one (1). 
3. Mathematical Definition: Sum 
Means the sum of the Values that are numbers or amounts, when amounts are considered they can be summed 
if denominated in the same currency (or if not the amounts will be expressed in the currency of the Security). 
The Sum is equal to Value (1) +…. + Value (N) 
4. Mathematical Definition: N-Sum 
Means the sum of Values that are numbers or amounts, when amounts are considered they can be summed if 
denominated in the same currency (or if not the amounts will be expressed in the currency of the Security). 
 
The N-Sum is equal to ∑
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖=𝑁
𝑖=𝑎
 
Where: 
N is a Value, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
a is a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
i is an Incremental Number with Lower Bound Value being a and Upper Bound Value being N, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Valuei is a Value, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
5. Mathematical Definition: Weighted Sum 
Means the weighted sum of the Values, which are numbers or amounts. 
The Weighted Sum is equal to Value(1)×Weighting(1) + …Value(n)×Weighting(n) 
Where n means the number of Values or Weightings, as the case may be, both {Value(i), Weighting(i)} 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 211 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
211 
 
 
6. Mathematical Definition: Difference 
Means the difference between two Values which are numbers, amounts, or dates. 
The Difference is equal to Value(1) – Value(2). 
 
7. Mathematical Definition: Equi Weighted Average 
Means the average of Values which are numbers, amounts, or dates. 
The Equi-Weighted Average of N Values {Value1….ValueN} is equal to: 
1
𝑁× ∑
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖=𝑁
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
N is a Value, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
i is an Incremental Number with Lower Bound Value being 1 and Upper Bound Value being N, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuei is a Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. Mathematical Definition: Weighted Average 
Means the average of Values which are numbers, amounts, or dates using specific weights attached to each 
Value, the sum of all weight being 100%. 
The weighted average of N Values {Value1….ValueN} with the weights {w1….wN} is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖×
𝑖=𝑁
𝑖=1
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖  
9. Mathematical Definition: Maximum 
Means the greatest of N Values which are numbers, amounts, or dates. 
The Maximum is equal to Max(Value(1), …, Value(N)). 
Where N is a Value  
 
10. Mathematical Definition: nth Maximum 
Means the nth highest value between N Values which are numbers, amounts, or dates. 
Thus, for example Max(1) is the Value with the highest value among the Values specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, also note that for N Values the Max(N) is the smallest. 
It is noted Max(n)(Value(1), …, Value(N)). 
11. Mathematical Definition: Time Maximum 
Means the maximum level reached by a Value during a period of time. 
Let Valuet be a Value in the form of number or amount defined at different Valuation Dates t. 
The Time Maximum is defined on a Valuation Date T with a starting date T0 and is equal to 
𝑀𝑎𝑥𝐹𝑜𝑟 𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑠 𝑡 𝑏𝑒𝑡𝑤𝑒𝑒𝑛 𝑇0𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑇 (𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡) 
12. Mathematical Definition: Minimum 
Means the smallest of N Values that are numbers, amounts, or dates. 
The Minimum is equal to Min(Value(1), …,Value(N)).

--- Page 212 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
212 
 
13. Mathematical Definition: nth minimum 
Means the nth lowest value between N Values which are numbers, amounts, or dates. 
Thus, Min(1) is the Value with the lowest value among the Values specified in the applicable Final Terms , 
also note that for N Values the Min(N) is the highest. 
It is noted Min(n)(Value(1), …, Value(N)). 
14. Mathematical Definition: Time Minimum 
Means the minimum level reached by a Value during a period of time. 
Let Valuet be a Value in the form of number or amount defined at different Valuation Dates t. 
The Time Minimum is defined on a Valuation Date T with a starting date T0 and is equal to 
𝑀𝑖𝑛𝐹𝑜𝑟 𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑠 𝑡 𝑏𝑒𝑡𝑤𝑒𝑒𝑛 𝑇0𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑇 (𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡) 
15. Mathematical Definition: Maximum Up Filtered 
Means the maximum value of a set of values that where filtered through time according to an up or maximum 
value criteria. 
Let {a1(t),… an(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Valuation Date t, the Values 
of the data to be filtered, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let T1 to Tm be a suite of m dates on which the filters are to be implemented, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Let {f1(t),…fn(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Ti, the Values of the filters 
on such Ti, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let D be the default Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let R be the replacement Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For each Ti from 1 to m the following process will take place: 
Each element for the set {a1(t),… an(t)} will be compared to its corresponding filter {f1(t),…fn(t)}, if superior 
or equal it will be replaced by R. 
On each Valuation Date t all process for Ti≤t will have taken place and the maximum of all elements of the 
remaining set within {a1(t),… an(t)} will be the Maximum Up Filtered, if all elements are equal to R then the 
Maximum Up Filtered will be deemed equal to D. 
 
16. Mathematical Definition: Minimum Up Filtered 
Means the minimum value of a set of values that where filtered through time according to an up or maximum 
value criteria. 
Let {a1(t),… an(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Valuation Date t, the Values 
of the data to be filtered, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let T1 to Tm be a suite of m dates on which the filters are to be implemented, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Let {f1(t),…fn(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Ti, the Values of the filters 
on such Ti, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let D be the default Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let R be the replacement Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For each Ti from 1 to m the following process will take place:

--- Page 213 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
213 
 
Each element for the set {a1(t),… an(t)} will be compared to its corresponding filter {f1(t),…fn(t)}, if superior 
or equal it will be replaced by R. 
On each Valuation Date t all process for Ti≤t will have taken place and the minimum of all elements of the 
remaining set within {a1(t),… an(t)} will be the Minimum Up Filtered, if all elements are equal to R then the 
Minimum Up Filtered will be deemed equal to D. 
 
17. Mathematical Definition: Maximum Down Filtered 
Means the maximum value of a set of values that where filtered through time according to a down or minimum 
value criteria. 
Let {a1(t),… an(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Valuation Date t, the Values 
of the data to be filtered, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let T1 to Tm be a suite of m dates on which the filters are to be implemented, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Let {f1(t),…fn(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Ti, the Values of the filters 
on such Ti, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let D be the default Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let R be the replacement Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For each Ti from 1 to m the following process will take place: 
Each element for the set {a1(t),… an(t)} will be compared to its corresponding filter {f1(t),…fn(t)}, if inferior or 
equal it will be replaced by R. 
On each Valuation Date t all process for Ti≤t will have taken place and the maximum of all elements of the 
remaining set within {a1(t),… an(t)} will be the Maximum Down Filtered, if all elements are equal to R then 
the Maximum Down Filtered will be deemed equal to D. 
 
18. Mathematical Definition: Minimum Down Filtered 
Means the minimum value of a set of values that where filtered through time according to a down or minimum 
value criteria. 
Let {a1(t),… an(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Valuation Date t, the Values 
of the data to be filtered, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let T1 to Tm be a suite of m dates on which the filters are to be implemented, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Let {f1(t),…fn(t)} be a set of Values (being numbers or amounts) defined on each Ti, the Values of the filters 
on such Ti, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let D be the default Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Let R be the replacement Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For each Ti from 1 to m the following process will take place: 
Each element for the set {a1(t),… an(t)} will be compared to its corresponding filter {f1(t),…fn(t)}, if inferior or 
equal it will be replaced by R. 
On each Valuation Date t all process for Ti≤t will have taken place and the minimum of all elements of the 
remaining set within {a1(t),… an(t)} will be the Minimum Down Filtered, if all elements are equal to R then the 
Minimum Down Filtered will be deemed equal to D.

--- Page 214 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
214 
 
 
19. Mathematical Definition: Product 
Means the result obtained when multiplying N Values that are numbers. 
The Product is equal to Value(1) ×…Value(N). 
 
20. Mathematical Definition: N-Product 
Means the result obtained when multiplying N Values that are numbers, or amounts. 
The N-Product is equal to ∏
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖=𝑁
𝑖=𝑎
 
 
Where: 
N is a Value, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
a is a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
i is an Incremental Number with Lower Bound Value being a and Upper Bound Value being N, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuei is a Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
21. Mathematical Definition: Division or Ratio 
Means the ratio between 2 Values which are numbers or amounts (denominated in the same currency). 
The Division, or Ratio is equal to 
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(1)
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(2). 
 
22. Mathematical Definition: Absolute Value 
Means the absolute value of a Value which is a number or amount.  
If the Value is positive the Absolute Value is the Value itself, else its opposite (Value multiplied by minus 1). 
It is noted Abs(Value). 
 
23. Mathematical Definition: Whole Part 
Means the whole part of a Value which is a number or amount. 
It is the first integer immediately inferior to the Value (if the Value is itself an integer then the whole part is the 
Value itself). 
It is noted Ent(Value). 
24. Mathematical Definition: Square Root 
Means the square root of a Value which is a positive number. 
It is noted √𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 or Value½.

--- Page 215 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
215 
 
25. Mathematical Definition: Cubic Root 
Means the cubic root of a Value which is a number. 
It is noted √𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
3
or Value1/3. 
 
26. Mathematical Definition: nth Root 
Means the nth root of a Value which is a number. 
It is noted √𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑛
or Value1/n. 
 
27. Mathematical Definition: Exponential 
Means the exponential value of a Value which is a number. 
It is noted exp(Value) or eValue. 
 
28. Mathematical Definition: Power Value 
The Power Value of a Value 1 which is a number to the power of Value 2 which is a number. 
The Power Value is equal to 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(1)𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(2). 
 
29. Mathematical Definition: Natural Logarithm 
Means the natural logarithm value of a Value which is a positive number (a.k.a. basis logarithm). 
It is noted Ln(Value). 
 
30. Mathematical Definition: Counted Condition 
Means an integer that counts the number of occurrences of a fulfilled condition within a specified period. 
The Counted Definition is equal to ∑1Condition True 
 
31. Mathematical Definition: Indicator Function 
Means a value that is equal to an amount or number when the Applicable Condition is met and another amount 
or number when the Applicable Condition is not met. 
The Indicator Function = {
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1 𝑖𝑓 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝐴𝑝𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑏𝑙𝑒 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑖𝑠 𝑚𝑒𝑡
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2 𝑖𝑓 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝐴𝑝𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑏𝑙𝑒 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑖𝑠 𝑛𝑜𝑡 𝑚𝑒𝑡 
 
B. Financial Values 
1. 
Financial Definition: Capped Value 
The Capped Value is an amount or number obtained when limiting the Value on the upside to a certain 
number, the Cap. 
The Capped Value is equal to Min(Value; Cap).

--- Page 216 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
216 
 
2. Financial Definition: Floored Value 
 
The Floored Value is an amount or number obtained when limiting the Value on the downside to a certain 
number, the Floor. 
The Floored Value is equal to Max(Value; Floor). 
3. Financial Definition: Capped and Floored Value 
The Capped and Floored Value is an amount or number obtained when limiting the Value both on the upside 
and the downside. 
The Capped and Floored Value is equal to Max(Min(Value; Cap); Floor). 
4. Financial Definition: Converted Value 
The Converted Value is an amount expressed in a currency “Dev1”, obtained from an amount expressed in 
another currency “Dev2” using the exchange rate between the 2 currencies. 
The Converted Value in Dev1 is equal to Value in Dev2× Foreign exchange Rate expressed in number of Dev1 
for the unity amount of Dev2. 
5. Financial Definition: Ratio of a Value 
The Ratio of a Value that is a number or an amount is defined between two Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being 
after t) as the ratio of the Value on such dates. 
The Ratio of a Value between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ is equal to 
Valuet′
Valuet  
6. Financial Definition: Ratio of a Debt Instrument with Coupons 
The Ratio of a Debt Instrument with Coupons is defined between two Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being after t) 
as a ratio of prices and sum of capitalized coupons on such dates. 
The Ratio of a Debt Instrument between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ is equal to: 
Pricet′ + ∑Ci
Pricet
 
Where : 
Pricet is the dirty price of the Debt Instrument on Valuation Date t as specified in the Final Terms 
Pricet’ is as the case may be, as defined in the Final Terms :  
the Debt Instrument Market Bid Price for one Debt Instrument on Valuation Date t’  
or the Final Price of the Bond  
or the Price of the Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
or the Final Price of the Contingent Bond  
or the Price of the Contingent Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
or the Final Price of the Convertible Bond  
or the Price of the Convertible Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
or the Final Price of the Perpetual Bond 
or the Price of the Perpetual Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
∑Ci is the Sum of the Capitalised Bond Coupons for one Debt Instrument, between a Valuation Date t and a 
Valuation Date t’

--- Page 217 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
217 
 
7. Financial Definition: Ratio of a Debt Instrument 
The Ratio of a Debt Instrument is defined between two Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being after t) as a ratio of 
prices on such dates. 
The Ratio of a Debt Instrument between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ is equal to: 
Pricet′
Pricet
 
Where : 
Pricet is the dirty price of the Debt Instrument on Valuation Date t as specified in the Final Terms 
Pricet’ is as the case may be, as defined in the Final Terms :  
the Debt Instrument Market Bid Price for one Debt Instrument on Valuation Date t’  
or the Final Price of the Bond  
or the Price of the Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
or the Final Price of the Contingent Bond  
or the Price of the Contingent Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
or the Final Price of the Convertible Bond  
or the Price of the Convertible Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
or the Final Price of the Perpetual Bond 
or the Price of the Perpetual Bond on Valuation Date t’ 
 
8. Financial Definition: Spread Ratio of two Values 
The Spread Ratio of two Values that are numbers or amounts is defined between two Valuation Dates t and t’ 
(t’ being after t) as the difference of the two ratios of the Values on such dates to which 1 is added for the 
purpose of being homogeneous to a Ratio of a Value. 
The Spread Ratio between Value1 and Value2 and between a Valuation Date t and Valuation Date t’ is equal to 
1 + Value1t′
Value1t
−Value2t′
Value2t
 
9. Financial Definition: Excess Return Ratio 
The Excess Return Ratio is an amount that is defined between two Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being after t) as 
the ratio of a Value minus the risk free ratio.  
 
The Excess Return Ratio between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ is equal to: 
1 + Value1t′
Value1t
−RiskFreeRatio (t′, t) 
Where  
RiskFreeRatio(t’,t) means a risk free ratio calculated between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’, as 
specified in the Final Terms 
10. Financial Definition: Performance of a Value

--- Page 218 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
218 
 
The Performance of a Value that is a number or an amount is defined between two Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ 
being after t) as the ratio of the Value on such dates minus 1. 
The Performance of a Value between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ is equal to 
Valuet′
Valuet −1 
 
11. Financial Definition: Spread Performance of two Values 
The Spread Performance of two Values that are numbers or amounts is defined between two Valuation Dates t 
and t’ (t’ being after t) as the difference of the two ratios of the Values on such dates. 
The Spread Performance between Value1 and Value2 and between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ 
is equal to: 
Value1t′
Value1t
−Value2t′
Value2t
 
12. Financial Definition: Spread Performance with Monetary of two Values  
The Spread Performance with Monetary of two Values that are numbers or amounts is defined between two 
Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being after t) as the difference of the two ratios of the Values with a monetary value 
on such dates. 
The Spread Performance with Monetary of two Values between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ is 
equal to: 
MonetaryDrivert + Value1t′
Value1t
−Value2t′
Value2t
 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
 
13. Financial Definition: Average Ratio of a Value  
The Average Ratio of a Value that is a number or an amount is defined between two set of dates {Valuation 
Dates t1, t2, t3, t4, … } and {Valuation Dates t’1, t’2, t’3, t’4, … } (t’s being after the ts) as the average ratio of the 
Value on such dates. 
The Average Ratio of a Value between two set of dates {Valuation Dates t1, t2, t3, t4, … } and {Valuation Dates 
t’1, t’2, t’3, t’4, … } is equal to: 
1
𝑁×∑
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑡𝑗
′
𝑁
𝑗=1
1
𝐷×∑
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑡𝑖
𝐷
𝑖=1
  
N, D are integer as defined in the Final Terms 
{Valuation Dates t1, t2, t3, t4, … } and {Valuation Dates t’1, t’2, t’3, t’4, … } are sets of dates defined in the Final 
Terms 
Value is defined in the Final Terms 
 
 
  
14. Financial Definition: Linear Financing Value

--- Page 219 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
219 
 
The Linear Financing aims to describe how a Value can evolve through time, between two dates, when subject 
to an increment that is a linear rate. 
The Linear Financing of a Value which is a number or amount is equal to Value×(100%+
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒×𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠) 
Where:  
Rate and Basis are defined in the Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
 
15. Financial Definition: Linear Annualized Performance of a Value 
The Linear Annualized Performance of a Value is a number that, when accrued represents the Ratio of a Value 
The Linear Annualized Performance of a Value is equal to 
Valuet′
Valuet −1
dt
Basis
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
Basis is defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
16. Financial Definition: Composite Capitalized Value 
The Composite Capitalized Value aims to describe how a Value can evolve through time, between two dates, 
when accrued at a certain rate. 
The Composite Capitalized Value of a Value which is a number or amount is equal to : 
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 × (100% + 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 +  𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑)
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠 
 
Where:  
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
Rate, Spread and Basis are defined in the Final Terms. 
 
17. Financial Definition:Linear Capitalized Value 
The Linear Capitalized Value aims to describe how a Value can evolve through time, between two dates, when 
accrued at a certain rate. 
The Linear Capitalized Value of a Value which is a number or amount is equal to 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 × (100% +
(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 +  𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑) ×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠) 
Where:

--- Page 220 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
220 
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
Rate, Spread and Basis are defined in the Final Terms.. 
 
18. Financial Definition: Iterative Composite Capitalized Value 
The Iterative Composite Capitalized Value aims to describe how a Value can evolve through time, between two 
Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being after t), when accrued at a certain rate defined on each Valuation Date. 
The Iterative Composite Capitalized Value of a Value which is a number or amount is equal to 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒×
∏
(100% + 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖−1 + 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑)
𝑑𝑖
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠
𝑖=𝑡′
𝑖=𝑡
 
Where:  
Ratei means the Capitalization Rate defined in the Final Terms on the Valuation Date i 
di means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
Spread and Basis are defined in the Final Terms 
 
19. Financial Definition: Iterative Linear Capitalized Value 
The Iterative Linear Capitalized Value aims to describe how a Value can evolve through time, between two 
Valuation Dates t and t’ (t’ being after t), when accrued at a certain rate defined on each Valuation Date. 
The Iterative Linear Capitalized Value of a Value which is a number or amount is equal to 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒×
∏
(100% + (𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖−1 + 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑) ×
𝑑𝑖
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠)
𝑖=𝑡′
𝑖=𝑡
 
Where:  
Ratei means the Capitalization Rate defined in the Final Terms on the Valuation Date i 
di means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
Spread and Basis are defined in the Final Terms 
 
20. Financial Definition: Capitalized Value with Monetary Driver 
The Capitalized Value aims to describe how a Value can evolve through time, between two dates, when 
accrued at a certain rate. 
The Capitalized Value with Index of a Value, between a Valuation Date t and a Valuation Date t’ (t’>t) is a 
number or amount equal to  
Value × (MonetaryDriver𝑡′ + Spread × dt
B)  
Where:  
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
Spread and Basis are defined in the Final Terms

--- Page 221 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
221 
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) 
Valuation Date t and Valuation Date t’ are defined in the Final Terms 
B is the Basis as defined in the Final Terms 
Value is defined in the Final Terms 
 
 
21. Financial Definition: Actualized Value 
The Actualized Value aims to describe how a Value can be discounted at a certain rate, between two dates. 
The Actualized Value of a Value which is a number or amount is equal to  
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
(100% + 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠
 
Where:  
Rate and Basis mean the Actualization Rate and the Basis defined in the Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
 
22. Financial Definition: Annualized Performance of a Value 
The Annualized Performance of a Value is a number that, when capitalized, represents the Ratio of a Value. 
The Annualized Performance of a Value is equal to (
Valuet′
Valuet )
Basis
dt −1 
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
Basis means the Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
23. Financial Definition: Zero-Coupon Value 
Means an amount determined at a certain Valuation Date t, prior to a Valuation Date t’, equivalent of an 
amount of 1 at this Valuation Date t’. 
Namely a zero-coupon maturing on a Valuation Date t’ with a value equal to 1 at such Valuation Date t’ and 
calculated, with a certain rate and basis, on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
1 (𝑒𝑥𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑠𝑒𝑑 𝑖𝑛 𝑎 𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑦)
(100%+𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡)
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠
 
Where:  
Ratet mean the rate on a Valuation date t and defined in the Final Terms 
Basis defined in the Final Terms 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive).

--- Page 222 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
222 
 
24. Financial Definition: Spread Zero-Coupon Value 
Means an amount determined at a certain date t, prior to a Valuation Date t’, equivalent of an amount of 1 on 
this Valuation Date t’. 
Namely a zero-coupon maturing on a Valuation Date t’ with a value equal to 1 at this date and calculated, with 
a certain Rate and Basis, on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
1 (𝑒𝑥𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑠𝑒𝑑 𝑖𝑛 𝑎 𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑦)
(100% + 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡+ 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑)
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠
 
Where:  
Spread is defined in the Final Terms 
Ratet means the rate on a Valuation date t and defined in the Final Terms 
Basis defined in the Final Terms 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
 
25. Financial Definition: Linear Floor  
Means an amount defined at any date between two dates, varying linearly. 
The Linear Floor Value on a Valuation Date t between the Valuation Date 1 and the Valuation Date 2 is equal 
to 𝑉0 + (𝑉𝑓−𝑉0) ×
𝑑𝑡
𝑇 
Where:  
V0 means a Value specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Valuation Date 1. 
Vf means a Value specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Valuation Date 2.  
T means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date 1 and the Valuation Date 2. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date 1 and the Valuation Date t. 
 
26. Financial Definition: Forward Exchange with Basis swap on Denominator 
Means a foreign exchange rate, obtained using a known exchange rate on a Valuation Date t and the interests 
rates of both currencies of the exchange rate. It is the anticipated exchange rate on a Valuation Date t’ in the 
absence of arbitrage that includes the respective spreads of both currencies called Basis Swap, applied to the 
second currency. 
 
The Forward Exchange Rate with Basis swap on Denominator on Valuation Date t’, determined on a Valuation 
Date t is equal to 
𝐹𝑊𝐷𝑡′ = 𝐹𝑋𝑡×
(1 + 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑦𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒1𝑡×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠)
(1 + (𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑦𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒2𝑡+ 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠𝑆𝑤𝑎𝑝𝑡) ×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠)
 
Where: 
FXt means the Foreign Exchange Rate as specified in the Final Terms on a relevant Valuation Date t, 
MonetaryReferenceRate1t means the Value of the risk-free rate of the currency 1 on the Valuation Date t, as 
defined in the Final Terms, 
MonetaryReferenceRate2t means the Value of the risk-free rate of the currency 2 on the Valuation Date t, as 
defined in the Final Terms,

--- Page 223 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
223 
 
BasisSwapt means the rate spread, issued from cross currency swaps, on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the 
Final Terms, 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t’ (inclusive or exclusive), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Basis is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
27. Financial Definition: Forward Exchange with Basis swap on Numerator 
Means a foreign exchange rate, obtained using a known exchange rate on a Valuation Date t and the interests 
rates of both currencies of the exchange rate. It is the anticipated exchange rate on a Valuation Date t’ in the 
absence of arbitrage that includes the respective spreads of both currencies called Basis Swap, applied to the 
first currency. 
The Forward Exchange Rate with Basis swap on Numerator on Valuation Date t’, determined on a Valuation 
Date t is equal to 
𝐹𝑊𝐷𝑡′ = 𝐹𝑋𝑡×
(1 + (𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑦𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒1𝑡+ 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠𝑆𝑤𝑎𝑝𝑡) ×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠)
(1 + 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑦𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒2𝑡×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑠)
 
Where: 
FXt means the Foreign Exchange Rate as specified in the Final Terms on a relevant Valuation Date t, 
MonetaryReferenceRate1t means the Value of the risk-free rate of the currency 1 on the Valuation Date t, as 
defined in the Final Terms, 
MonetaryReferenceRate2t means the Value of the risk-free rate of the currency 2 on the Valuation Date, as 
defined in the Final Terms, 
BasisSwapt means the rate spread, issued from cross currency swaps, on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the 
Final Terms, 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t (exclusive or inclusive) and t’ 
(inclusive or exclusive) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Basis is defined in the Final Terms. 
 
28. Financial Definition: ExpoVol 
Means a number that represents the exposure to a risky asset and is determined with respect to a volatility 
indicator. 
The ExpoVol is equal to Min(Cap; VolTargetLevel / VH). 
Where:  
VH means the volatility indicator as defined in the Final Terms and can be a Historic Volatility, a Centered 
Historic Volatility, a Historic Volatility with Lag, or a Centered Historic Volatility with Lag. 
Cap and VolTargetLevel are specified in the Final Terms. 
 
29. Financial Definition: ExpoBeta 
Means a number that represents the exposure to a risky asset and is determined with respect to a beta 
indicator. 
The ExpoBeta is equal to Max[Floor, Min(Cap; HB)]. 
Where:  
HB means the beta indicator as defined in the Final Terms, it can be a Historic Beta, or Historic Beta with Lag. 
Cap and Floor are specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 224 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
224 
 
 
30. Financial Definition: Adjustment Rate 
The Adjustment Rate is a number that is computed for the purposed of adjusting the number of Equity 
Instrument when the latter is subject to a payment of dividend. 
The Adjustment Rate is equal to 
P+D
P  
Where:  
P refers to the closing price of the Equity Instrument on the Exchange on the last Exchange Business Day 
immediately preceding the date on which the dividend is detached. 
D is the Dividend of an Equity Instrument, be it the Net or Gross Share Dividend as defined in III A or 
Expected Dividend, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
31. Financial Definition: Linear Excess Adjustment Rate 
The Linear Excess Adjustment Rate is a number that is computed for the purposes of adjusting the number of 
Equity Instrument when the latter is subject to a payment of dividend as compared to a hypothesis. 
The Linear Excess Adjustment Rate is equal to 
P+D−De
P
 
Where:  
P refers to the closing price of the Equity Instrument on the Exchange on the last Exchange Business Day 
immediately preceding the date on which the dividend is detached.  
D is the Dividend of an Equity Instrument, be it the Net or Gross Share Dividend as defined in III A or 
Expected Dividend, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
De is an amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
32. Financial Definition: Multiplicative Excess Adjustment Rate 
The Multiplicative Excess Adjustment Rate is a number that is computed for the purposed of adjusting the 
number of Equity Instrument when the latter is subject to a payment of dividend as compared to a hypothesis. 
The Multiplicative Excess Adjustment Rate is equal to
𝑃−𝐷𝑒
𝑃−𝛼×𝐷 
Where:  
P refers to the closing price of the Equity Instrument on the Exchange on the last Exchange Business Day 
immediately preceding the date on which the dividend is detached. 
D is the Dividend of an Equity Instrument, be it the Net or Gross Share Dividend as defined in III A or 
Expected Dividend, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
De is an amount. 
α is a percentage, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
33. Financial Definition: Zero Coupon Rate  
The Zero Coupon Rate is a rate used in a zero coupon value calculation, it may be an observed value or a 
determined value.

--- Page 225 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
225 
 
The Zero Coupon Rate is either a Value: 
(i) 
observed on a Valuation Time on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in 
the Final Terms ; or 
(ii) determined by the Calculation Agent as an interpolation between Values observed on a Valuation Time 
on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in the Final Terms ; or 
(iii) determined by the Calculation Agent from Reference Rate(s) or Fixed Rate(s) and specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
34. Financial Definition: Financing Rate 
The Financing Coupon Rate is a rate that may be an observed value or a determined value. 
The Financing Rate is either a Value: 
(i) 
observed on a Valuation Time on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in 
the Final Terms ; or 
(ii) determined by the Calculation Agent as an interpolation between Values observed on a Valuation Time 
on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in the Final Terms ; or 
(iii) determined by the Calculation Agent from Reference Rate(s) or Fixed Rate(s) and specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
35. Financial Definition: Capitalization Rate  
 The Capitalization Rate is a rate that may be an observed value or a determined value. 
The Capitalization Rate is either a Value: 
(i) 
observed on a Valuation Time on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in 
the Final Terms ; or 
(ii) determined by the Calculation Agent as an interpolation between Values observed on a Valuation Time 
on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in the Final Terms ; or 
(iii) determined by the Calculation Agent f from Reference Rate(s) or Fixed Rate(s) and specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
36. Financial Definition: Actualization Rate  
The Actualization Rate is a rate that may be an observed value or a determined value. 
The Actualization Rate is either a Value: 
(i) 
observed on a Valuation Time on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in 
the Final Terms ; or 
(ii) determined by the Calculation Agent as an interpolation between Values observed on a Valuation Time 
on a Valuation Date and displayed on a Bloomberg page as specified in the Final Terms ; or 
(iii) determined by the Calculation Agent from Reference Rate(s) or Fixed Rate(s) and specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
37. Financial Definition : Caplet Rate Option 
The Caplet Rate Option is the pay off of a rate caplet 
The Caplet Rate Option on a Valuation Date t, for a period between Valuation Date t’ and Valuation Date t is 
equal to 
Max(Rate(t′) −K; 0) × DayCount(t′, t) 
Where  
Rate(t’) is the relevant Reference Rate as defined in the Final Terms, in relation with Valuation Date t’

--- Page 226 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
226 
 
K is the strike and is defined in the Final Terms 
DayCount(t’,t) is the Day Count Fraction, as defined in the Final Terms 
  
 
38. Financial Definition : Cap Rate Option Capitalised 
The Cap Rate Option Capitalised is the payoff of a rate cap capitalised until a Valuation Date t 
The Cap Rate Option Capitalised on a Valuation Date t, is equal to: 
∑Max(Rate(i) −K; 0) × DayCount(i, i + 1) × CapiFactor(i + 1; t)
i=n
i=a
 
Where  
a and n are defined in the Final Terms 
Rate(i) is the relevant Reference Rate as defined in the Final Terms, in relation with Valuation Date i 
K is the strike and is defined in the Final Terms 
DayCount(i,i+1) is the Day Count Fraction, as defined in the Final Terms 
CapiFactor(i+1 ; t) is an Iterative Linear Capitalized Value and is defined in the Final Terms 
 
39. Financial Definition : Floorlet Rate Option 
The Floorlet Rate Option is the payoff of a rate floorlet 
The Floorlet Rate Option on a Valuation Date t, for a period between Valuation Date t’ and Valuation Date t is 
equal to: 
Max(K −Rate(t′); 0) × DayCount(t′, t) 
Where : 
Rate(t’) is the relevant Reference Rate defined in the Final Terms, in relation with Valuation Date t’ 
K is the strike and is defined in the Final Terms 
DayCount(t’,t) is the Day Count Fraction, as defined in the Final Terms.  
 
 
40. Financial Definition : Floor Rate Option Capitalised 
The Floor Rate Option Capitalised is the pay off of a rate floor capitalized until a Valuation Date t 
The Floor Rate Option Capitalised on a Valuation Date t, is equal to 
∑Max(K −Rate(i); 0) × DayCount(i, i + 1) × CapiFactor(i + 1; t)
i=n
i=a
 
Where : 
a and n are defined in the Final Terms

--- Page 227 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
227 
 
Rate(i) is the relevant Reference Rate as defined in the Final Terms, in relation with Valuation Date i 
K is the strike and is defined in the Final Terms 
DayCount(i,i+1) is the Day Count Fraction, as defined in the Final Terms 
CapiFactor(i+1 ; t) is an Iterative Linear Capitalized Value and as defined in the Final Terms 
 
 
  
C. Basket Values 
1. Basket Definition: Basket 
A Basket is a set {a1(t),… an(t)} of n (n is an integer) Values being numbers, amounts, dates, names, etc… 
without limitation. 
 
2. Basket Definition: Increasing Ranked Basket 
An Increasing Ranked Basket is obtained from a Basket composed of Values that are number, amounts or 
dates, where an order can be defined. The Increasing Ranked Basket is the Basket ordered in a way that each 
term is inferior or equal to the following when reading the set. 
 
3. Basket Definition: Worst of Basket 
The first Value when reading the set of the Increasing Ranked Basket. 
 
4. Basket Definition: Decreasing Ranked Basket 
A Decreasing Ranked Basket is obtained from a Basket composed of Values that are number, amounts or 
dates, where an order can be defined. The Decreasing Ranked Basket is the Basket ordered in a way that each 
term is superior or equal to the following when reading the set. 
 
5. Basket Definition: Select Basket 
The Select Basket is a subset of an Increasing Ranked Basket composed of the NSelect first Values of the Basket, 
when reading the set. 
With NSelect as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. Basket Definition: Median Basket 
The Median Basket is a subset of an Increasing Ranked Basket obtained by removing the highest NBest Values 
and the lowest NWorst Values. 
With NBest and NWorst as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. Basket Definition: Weighted Basket

--- Page 228 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
228 
 
A Weighted Basket is a set {[a1(t),w1(t)],… [an(t),wn(t)]} of n (n is an integer) pair of Values formed by a first 
part being numbers, amounts, dates, names, etc… without limitation and a second part that is a number the 
sum of all wi(t) being 1 for all t. 
 
8. Basket Definition: Weighted Basket Value 
When the Weighted Basket is composed of a first part that is a number or an amount, the Weighted Basket 
Value is the equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖(𝑡) × 𝑎𝑖(𝑡)
𝑖=𝑛
𝑖=1
 
 
9. Basket Definition: Select Basket Value 
The Select Basket Value is the equal to 
1
NSelect × ∑
ai(t)
i=NSelect
i=1
 
With all ai(t) in the Select Basket. 
 
10. Basket Definition: Median Basket Value 
The Median Basket Value is the equal to 
1
𝑁Median × ∑
𝑎𝑖(𝑡)
𝑖=𝑁Median
𝑖=1
 
With all ai(t) in the Median Basket and 𝑁Median the number of Values within the Median Basket equal to the 
number in the Basket minus NBest minus NWorst. 
 
11. Basket Definition: Equi Weighted Basket 
An Equi Weighted Basket is a set {[a1(t),
1
𝑛],… [an(t), 
1
𝑛]} of n (n is an integer) pair of Values formed by a first 
part being numbers, amounts, dates, names, etc… without limitation and a second part being 
1
𝑛. 
 
12. Basket Definition: Equi Weighted Basket Value 
When the Equi Weighted Basket is composed of a first part that is a number or an amount, the Equi Weighted 
Basket Value is the equal to 
1
𝑛× ∑
𝑎𝑖(𝑡)
𝑖=𝑛
𝑖=1
 
13. Basket Definition: Weighted Increasing Ranked Basket Value 
Let wi(t) be n weights, numbers with a sum equal to 100%. 
The weighted increasing ranked basket value is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖(𝑡) × 𝑟𝑎𝑖(𝑡)
𝑖=𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where rai is the ith term in the Increasing Ranked Basket. 
 
14. Basket Definition: Weighted Decreasing Ranked Basket Value a.k.a Rainbow Basket Value. 
Let wi(t) be n weights, numbers with a sum equal to 100%. 
The weighted decreasing ranked basket value is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖(𝑡) × 𝑟𝑎𝑖(𝑡)
𝑖=𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where rai is the ith term in the Decreasing Ranked Basket.

--- Page 229 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
229 
 
D. Cost Values 
 
1. 
Cost Definition: Added Costs Net Value 
Means a number or amount that diminishes linearly for the purpose of being net of costs. 
The Annual Costs is equal to Value−𝐹×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵 
Where:  
F means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date t as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date t’.  
B means the Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2. 
Cost Definition: Added Costs Net Value Striked 
Means a number or amount that diminishes linearly for the purpose of being net of costs, including a fixed 
cost. 
The Annual Costs Striked on a Valuation Date t is equal to Value−𝐹×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵−𝐾 
Where:  
F means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Added Costs Net Value Striked. 
B means the Basis. 
K a level as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3. 
Cost Definition: Multiplied Costs Net Value  
Means a number or amount that diminishes linearly in percentage for the purpose of being net of costs. 
The Multiplied Costs Net Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to Value× (100% −𝐹×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵) 
Where:  
F means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Multiplied Costs Net Value.  
B means the Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4. 
Cost Definition: Multiplied Cost Net Value Striked 
Means a number or amount that diminishes linearly in percentage for the purpose of being net of costs, 
including a fixed cost. 
The Multiplied Costs Net Value Striked on a Valuation Date t is equal to

--- Page 230 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
230 
 
Value× (100% −𝐹×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵) −𝐾 
Where:  
F means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Multiplied Costs Net Value Striked.  
B means the Basis. 
K is a level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5. 
Cost Definition: Mixed Costs Net Value 
Means a number or amount that diminishes linearly both in value and in percentage for the purpose of being 
net of costs. 
The Mixed Costs Net Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
Value× [(100% −𝐹)
𝑑𝑡
𝐵−𝐹′ ×
𝑑𝑡
𝐵′] 
Where:  
F and F’ means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final 
Termsand the Valuation Date of the Mixed Costs Net Value.  
B and B’ means the Basis 
K is a level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
Cost Definition: Mixed Cost Net Value Striked 
Means a number or amount that diminishes linearly both in value and in percentage for the purpose of being 
net of costs, including a fixed cost. 
The Mixed Costs Net Value Striked on a Valuation Date t is equal to : 
Value × [(100% −F)
dt
B −F′ ×
dt
B′] −K 
Where:  
F and F’ means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Mixed Costs Net Value Striked.  
B and B’ means the Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
7. 
Cost Definition: Composite Costs Net Value 
Means a number or amount that diminishes in an accrued manner for the purpose of being net of costs. 
The Composite Costs Net Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to : Value× (100% −F)
dt
B  
Where:  
F means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 231 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
231 
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Composite Costs Net Value.  
B means the Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
8. 
Cost Definition: Composite Costs Net Value Striked 
Means a number or amount that diminishes in an accrued manner for the purpose of being net of costs, 
including a fixed cost. 
The Composite Costs Net Value Striked on a Valuation Date t is equal to :  
Value× (100% −𝐹)
𝑑𝑡
𝐵−𝐾 
Where:  
F means the rate of Annual Costs as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Composite Costs Net Value Striked. 
B means the Basis. 
K is a level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
9. 
Cost Definition: Volatility Costs Net Value  
Means a number or amount that diminishes in an indexed accrued manner for the purpose of being net of 
costs. 
The Volatility Costs Net Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to : 
Value× (100% −Indexation × Max(Floor, Relevant Volatility))
dt
B  
Where:  
Relevant Volatility means the Historic Volatility, or Historic Volatility of a Strategy, with or without Lag, 
centered or not, as the case may be. 
Indexation and Floor are the levels of indexation to the Relevant Volatility, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Volatility Costs Net Value. 
B means the Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
10. 
Cost Definition: Volatility Costs Net Value Striked 
Means a number or amount that diminishes in an indexed accrued manner for the purpose of being net of 
costs, including a fixed cost. 
The Volatility Costs Net Value Striked on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
Value × (100% −Indexation × Max(Floor, Relevant Volatility))
dt
B −𝐾 
Where:

--- Page 232 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
232 
 
Relevant Volatility means the Historic Volatility, or Historic Volatility of a Strategy, with or without Lag, 
centered or not, as the case may be. 
Indexation and Floor are the levels of indexation to the Relevant Volatility, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Volatility Costs Net Value Striked. 
B means the Basis. 
K is a level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11. 
Cost Definition: Outperformance Costs Net Value  
Means a number or amount that is linked to the respective performances of two Values. 
The Outperformance Costs Net Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒0 × ∏[ 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1𝑖
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1𝑖−1
−𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛× 𝑀𝑎𝑥( 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1𝑖
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1𝑖−1
−𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2𝑖
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2𝑖−1
−𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑; 0)]
𝑑𝑡
1
 
Where:  
Value1i means a Value on the Valuation Datei.  
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Outperformance Costs Net Value. 
Indexation and Spread are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
12. 
Cost Definition: Outperformance Costs Net Value Striked 
Means a number or amount that is linked to the respective performances of two Values, including a fixed cost. 
The Outperformance Costs Net Value Striked on a Valuation Date t is equal to  
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒0 × ∏[ 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1𝑖
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒1𝑖−1
−𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛× 𝑀𝑎𝑥( 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖−1
−𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2𝑖
𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒2𝑖−1
−𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑; 0)]
𝑑𝑡
1
−𝐾 
Where:  
ValueIi means a Value on the Valuation Datei.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Valuation Date of the Outperformance Costs Net Value Striked. 
Indexation and Spread are specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
K means a level as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
13. 
Cost Definition: Leverage Cost Value 
Means a number or amount that is linked to the funding of a leverage part. 
The Leverage Cost Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to  
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−100%) × ∏[1 + (𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖−1 + 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑) × 𝑑𝑖
𝐵]
𝑡
𝑖=1
 
Where:

--- Page 233 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
233 
 
Leverage means a number expressed in percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
di means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date i-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date i (inclusive or exclusive). 
t means the number of Valuation Dates between a Valuation Date (exclusive or inclusive) as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Valuation Date of the Leverage Cost Value (inclusive or exclusive). 
Ratei means the Capitalization Rate defined in the Final Terms on the Valuation Date i 
Spread means the spread applied to the loan as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
14. 
Cost Definition: Early Leverage Cost Value Before First Valuation Date 
Means a number or amount that is linked to the funding of a leverage part, in case of early redemption and 
where the early settlement determination day is before or on the first valuation date used for the leverage 
calculation 
The Early Leverage Cost Value Before First Valuation Date on a Valuation Date t is equal to  
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−100%) × [1 + (𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒+ 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑) × 𝑑𝑖
𝐵] 
Where:  
Leverage means the Leverage as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
di means the number of Calculation Days between a Valuation Date (exclusive or inclusive) as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Valuation Date of the Early Leverage Cost Value Before First Valuation Date 
(inclusive or exclusive). 
Rate means the Capitalization Rate defined in the Final Terms 
Spread means the spread applied to the loan as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
15. 
Cost Definition: Early Leverage Cost Value 
Means a number or amount that is linked to the funding of a leverage part. 
The Early Leverage Cost Value on a Valuation Date t is equal to  
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒−100%) × (∏[1 + (𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖−1 + 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑) × 𝑑𝑖
𝐵]
𝑡
𝑖=1
) × (1 + (𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡+ 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑) × 𝑑𝑘
𝐵) 
Where:  
Leverage means the Leverage as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
di means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date i-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date i (inclusive or exclusive). 
dk means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date of the Early Leverage Cost Value (inclusive or exclusive). 
t means the Entire number of Valuation Dates between a Valuation Date (exclusive or inclusive) as defined in 
the applicable Final Terms and the Valuation Date of the Early Leverage Cost Value (inclusive or exclusive). 
Ratei means the Capitalization Rate defined in the Final Terms on the Valuation Date i 
Spread means the spread applied to the loan as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
E. Statistical Values 
 
1. Statistical Definition: Historic Beta  
The Historic Beta is a covariance between two series of performances.

--- Page 234 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
234 
 
The Historic Beta on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
∑
𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(1)𝑡−𝑗) × 𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(2)𝑡−𝑗)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
∑
𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(2)𝑡−𝑗) × 𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(2)𝑡−𝑗)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Driver(i)t means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be 
a Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2. Statistical Definition: Historic Beta with Lag 
The Historic Beta with Lag is a covariance between two series of performances computed with a delay. 
The Historic Beta with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
∑
𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(1)𝑡−𝑗−𝑙𝑎𝑔) × 𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(2)𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
∑
𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(2)𝑡−𝑗−𝑙𝑎𝑔) × 𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟(2)𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Driver(i)t means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be 
a Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3. Statistical Definition: Historic Beta of Strategies 
The Historic Beta of Strategies is a covariance between the performances of two Strategies. 
The Historic Beta of Strategies on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
∑
𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(1)𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(1)𝑡−𝑗−1) × 𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−1)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
∑
𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−1) × 𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−1)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns 
Strategy(i)t means a Strategy (i) on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4. Statistical Definition: Historic Beta of Strategies with Lag 
The Historic Beta of Strategies with Lag is a covariance between the performances of two Strategies computed 
with a delay. 
The Historic Beta of Strategies with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
∑
𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(1)𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(1)𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔) × 𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
∑
𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔) × 𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(2)𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1

--- Page 235 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
235 
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns 
Strategy(i)t means a Strategy (i) on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5. Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility 
The Historic Volatility is the square root of the variance of a performance. 
The Historic Volatility on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
6. Statistical Definition: Variance 
The Variance represents the dispersion of performances; it is also the square of the Historic Volatility. 
The Variance on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms.B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the 
returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
7. Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility with Lag 
The Historic Volatility is the square root of the variance of a performance, computed with a delay. 
The Historic Volatility with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to:

--- Page 236 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
236 
 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a Ratio, 
an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a 
Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
8. Statistical Definition: Variance with Lag 
The Variance with Lag represents the dispersion of performances computed with a delay; it is also the square 
of the Historic Volatility with Lag. 
The Variance with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms.N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
9. Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility of a Strategy 
The Historic Volatility of Strategy is the square root of the variance of the performances of a Strategy. 
The Historic Volatility of Strategy on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1
)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 237 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
237 
 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
10. Statistical Definition: Variance of a Strategy 
The Variance of a Strategy represents the dispersion of performances of a Strategy; it is also the square of the 
Historic Volatility of a Strategy. 
The Variance of a Strategy on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1
)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11. Statistical Definition: Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag 
The Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag is the square root of the variance of performances of a Strategy, 
computed with a delay. 
The Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔
)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
 
N means the number of logarithmic returns 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
12. Statistical Definition: Variance of a Strategy with Lag 
The Variance of a Strategy with Lag represents the dispersion of performances of a Strategy computed with a 
delay; it is also the square of the Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag. 
 
The Variance of a Strategy with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔
)]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns. 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient

--- Page 238 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
238 
 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
13. Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility  
The Centered Historic Volatility is the square root of the centered variance of a performance, the latter being 
the dispersion of performances as compared to the average performance. 
The Centered Historic Volatility on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑘)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
14. Statistical Definition: Centered Variance 
The Centered Variance represents the dispersion of performances compared to the average performance; it is 
also the square of the Centered Historic Volatility. 
The Centered Variance on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑘)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]
2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
15. Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility with Lag 
The Centered Historic Volatility with Lag is the square root of the centered variance with Lag of a 
performance, the latter being the dispersion of performances as compared to the average performance 
computed with a delay.

--- Page 239 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
239 
 
The Centered Historic Volatility with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑘−𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
16. Statistical Definition: Centered Variance with Lag 
The Centered Variance with Lag is the dispersion of performances as compared to the average performance 
computed with a delay it is also the square of the Centered Historic Volatility with Lag. 
The Centered Variance with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛(𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑡−𝑘−𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]
2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
Where: 
N means the number of logarithmic returns specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset (i) on the Valuation Date t, it can be a 
Ratio, an Excess Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a 
Division or a Weighted Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
17. Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy  
The Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy is the square root of the centered variance of performances of a 
Strategy, the latter being the dispersion of performances of a Strategy as compared to the average 
performance of a Strategy. 
The Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy on a Valuation Date t is equal to:

--- Page 240 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
240 
 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1
) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘−1
)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns. 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
18. Statistical Definition: Centered Variance of a Strategy 
The Centered Variance of a Strategy is the dispersion of performances of a Strategy as compared to the 
average performance of a Strategy; it is also the square of the Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy. 
The Centered Variance of a Strategy on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1
) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘−1
)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
 
N means the number of logarithmic returns. 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
19. Statistical Definition: Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag 
The Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag is the square root of the centered variance of 
performances of a Strategy computed with a delay, the latter being the dispersion of performances of a 
Strategy as compared to the average performance of a Strategy computed with a delay. 
The Centered Historic Volatility of a Strategy with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to: 
√𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔
) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔
)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns. 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
20. Statistical Definition: Centered Variance of a Strategy with Lag 
The Centered Variance of a Strategy with Lag is the centered variance of performances of a Strategy as 
compared to the average performance of a Strategy computed with a delay, it is also the square of the 
Centered Volatility of a Strategy with Lag. 
The Centered Variance of a Strategy with Lag on a Valuation Date t is equal to:

--- Page 241 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
241 
 
𝐵
𝑁′ × ∑[𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑗−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔
) −1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑛( 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘−𝐿𝑎𝑔
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑘−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔
)
𝑘=𝑁
𝑘=1
]2
𝑗=𝑁
𝑗=1
 
 
Where:  
N means the number of logarithmic returns. 
Strategyt means a Strategy on the Valuation Date t as defined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N’ means a standardization coefficient. 
B means the annualisation factor (e.g. B can be 252 if the returns are daily returns, 12 if monthly) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag is a positive integer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F. Product Values 
1. Product Definition: Call 
Means an amount obtained when having the capacity to benefit from the increase of a Value on a Valuation 
Date t (that is an amount) as compared to a certain fixed amount, the Strike. 
Call equals to Max(0; Valuet-Strike). 
Where Valuet is a Value on a Valuation Date t and Strike is an amount, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
2. Product Definition: Put 
Means an amount obtained when having the capacity to benefit from the decrease of a Value on a Valuation 
Date t (that is an amount) as compared to a certain fixed amount, the Strike. 
Put equals to Max(0; Strike- Valuet). 
Where Valuet is a Value on a Valuation Date t and Strike is an amount, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
3. Product Definition: Ratcheted Value 
Means an amount or a number obtained when comparing the Time Maximum of a Value and the Ratchet 
Barrier (both being amounts or numbers). 
(a) 
If Time Maximum ≥ Ratchet Barrier: 
Ratcheted Value = Max(Ratchet Level, Value) 
(b) 
Otherwise  
Ratcheted Value = Value 
Where: 
Time Maximum is the Time Maximum of the Value.  
Ratchet Barrier, Ratchet Level and the Valuation Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4. Product Definition : Lock-Up Value 
Means the Lock-Up Level if the Value has reached the Lock-Up Barrier on at least one of the Valuation Dates. 
Otherwise, Lock-Up Value means the Value. 
(a) If Time Maximum > or ≥ Lock-Up Barrier: 
Lock-Up Value = Lock-Up Level

--- Page 242 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
242 
 
(b) Otherwise  
Lock-Up Value = Value 
Where: 
Time Maximum is the Time Maximum of the Value. 
Lock-Up Barrier, Lock-Up Level and the Valuation Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5. Product Definition : Ladder Value 
Means the greater of the Value and the highest of the Ladder Levels reached by the Value: 
- 
If the Value has never reached the Ladder Barrier(1) on any of the Valuation Dates ,  
Ladder Value = Value,  
- 
If the Value has reached the Ladder Barrier(1) but has never reached the Ladder Barrier(2) on any of the 
Valuation Dates,  
Ladder Value = Max(Value, Ladder Level(1)),  
- 
If the Value has reached the Ladder Barrier(2) but has never reached the Ladder Barrier(3) on any of the 
Valuation Date,  
Ladder Value = Max(Value, Ladder Level(2)),  
- 
If the Value has reached the Ladder Barrier(n) but has never reached the Ladder Barrier(n+1) on any of the 
Valuation Dates ,  
Ladder Value = Max(Value, Ladder Level(n)),  
And so on 
The Ladder Barriers(n) and Ladder Levels(n) are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
6. Product Definition : Mensuello Performance 
Means the sum of the Performances determined between two consecutive monthly Valuation Dates and in 
which the N best Performances are replaced by Monthly Level in calculating the sum: 
𝐌𝐞𝐧𝐬𝐮𝐞𝐥𝐥𝐨𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞= N × MonthlyLevel + ∑PerformanceR(i)
i=P−N
i=1
 
 
Where: 
N, the Valuation Dates and the Monthly Level are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
P is the total number of Performances calculated between two consecutive monthly Valuation Dates.  
PerformanceR(i) means the ith lowest of the P Performances calculated between two consecutive monthly 
Valuation Dates. 
7. Product Definition : Trimestrio Performance 
Means the sum of the Performances determined between two consecutive quarterly Valuation Dates and in 
which the N best Performances are replaced by Quarterly Level in calculating the Sum:

--- Page 243 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
243 
 
𝐓𝐫𝐢𝐦𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐢𝐨𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞= N × QuarterlyLevel + ∑PerformanceR(i)
i=P−N
i=1
  
Where: 
N, the Valuation Dates and the Quarterly Level are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
P is the total number of Performances calculated between two consecutive quarterly Valuation Dates.  
PerformanceR(i) means the ith lowest of the P Performances calculated between two consecutive quarterly 
Valuation Dates .  
 
8. Product Definition : Semestrio Performance 
Means the sum of the Performances determined between two consecutive semi-annual Valuation Dates and in 
which the N best Performances are replaced by the Semi-Annual Level in calculating the sum: 
𝐒𝐞𝐦𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐢𝐨𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞= N × Semi −AnnualLevel + ∑PerformanceR(i)
i=P−N
i=1
 
 
Where: 
N, the Valuation Dates and the Semi-Annual Level are defined in the applicable Final Terms 
P is the total number of Performances calculated between two consecutive semi-annual Valuation Dates 
PerformanceR(i) means the ith lowest of the P Performances calculated between two consecutive semi-annual 
Valuation Dates. 
 
9. Product Definition : Annualo Performance 
Means the sum of the Performances determined between two consecutive annual Valuation Dates and in which 
the N best Performances are replaced by Annual Level in calculating the sum: 
 
𝐀𝐧𝐧𝐮𝐚𝐥𝐨𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞= N × AnnualLevel + ∑PerformanceR(i)
i=P−N
i=1
 
  
Where: 
N, the Valuation Dates and the Annual Level are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
P is the total number of Performances calculated between two consecutive annual Valuation Dates. 
PerformanceR(i) means the ith lowest of the P Performances calculated between two consecutive annual 
Valuation Dates. 
 
10. Product Definition : Bengal Performance 
Means the sum of the Capped/Floored Values of the Performances determined between two consecutive 
Valuation Dates

--- Page 244 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
244 
 
𝐁𝐞𝐧𝐠𝐚𝐥𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞= ∑Min(Max(Performancei
i=P
i=1
, Floor), Cap)  
 
Where: 
The Floors, Caps and Valuation Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
P is the total number of Performances calculated between two consecutive Valuation Dates.  
Performancei means the ith Performance calculated between two consecutive Valuation Dates.  
 
11. Product Definition : Napoleon Performance 
Means the sum of the Napoleon Level and the lowest of the Performances calculated between two consecutive 
Valuation Dates: 
𝐍𝐚𝐩𝐨𝐥𝐞𝐨𝐧𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞= NapoleonLevel + Mini=1 to P Performancei  
Where: 
The Napoleon Level and the Valuation Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
12. Product Definition : Joker 
Let there be a Basket of Values for which Ratio of a Value can be computed. The Joker is the component of the 
Basket having the NJoker minimum (see §10 mathematical definition: nth minimum) ratio of the Basket. The 
ratio is measured between two Valuation Dates.  
If NJoker =1, Joker is the component of the Basket with the lowest ratio. 
If NJoker =2, Joker is the component of the Basket with the second lowest ratio. 
And so on. 
Where: 
NJoker and the Valuation Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
13. Product Definition : Joker Value 
Means the ratio of the component of the Basket having the NJoker lowest ratio between two Valuation Dates.  
Joker Value = The NJoker lowest ratio of the Basket. 
 
Where: 
NJoker and the Valuation Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
14. Product Definition: Tempo Value  
Means, in case a Condition is met, the difference between a given sum of Theoretical Values and any previous 
Values for which Conditions were met.

--- Page 245 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
245 
 
• 
The Tempo Value means that: 
• 
On each Valuation Date t, a Theoretical Value t is associated with a Condition t,  
• 
On the Valuation Date t, in case the Condition t is met, 
• 
Tempo Valuet = ∑
Theoretical Value
t
i=1
i − ∑
Tempo Valuei
t−1
i=1
  
• 
On the Valuation Date t, in case the Condition t is not met, 
• 
Tempo Valuet = 0  
• 
The Valuation Dates are defined in the Final Terms. 
• 
The Theoretical Values are defined in the Final Terms. 
• 
The Conditions are defined in the Final Terms. 
15. Product Definition: Crystallised Basket Value  
Means the Equi-Weighted Basket Value, where the Equi Weighted Basket is subject to a gradual 
Crystallisation Mechanism, enabling the highest Values to be gradually fixed over time.  
The gradual Crystallisation Mechanism means that: 
On each Valuation Date, the NCrystallisations components of the Basket that have not yet been crystallised and that 
have the highest Ratio on the Valuation Date are crystallised. 
The Value on a Valuation Date for a component of the Basket that has been crystallised corresponds to the 
Value of the Component on the Valuation Date on which it was crystallised and is then fixed for any future 
Valuation Date (thus crystallised) at this value. 
The Value on a Valuation Date for a component of the Basket that has not been crystallised corresponds to the 
Value of the Component on the Valuation Date. 
Where: 
The number NCrystallisations is defined in the Final Terms. 
The Valuation Dates are defined in the Final Terms. 
 
16. Product Definition: Crystallised Basket Value with Floor 
Means a Crystallized Basket Value for which the Crystallisation Mechanism was subject to a floor. 
The gradual “Floored Crystallisation Mechanism” means that: 
On each Valuation Date, the NCrystallisations components of the Basket that have not yet been crystallised and that 
have the highest Ratio on the Valuation Date are crystallised. 
The Value on a Valuation Date for a component of the Basket that has been crystallised corresponds to the 
maximum between the Value of the component on the Valuation Date on which it was crystallised and a Floor, 
and is then fixed for any future Valuation Date (thus crystallised) at this value. 
The Value on a Valuation Date for a Component of the Basket that has not been crystallised corresponds to the 
Value of the Component on the Valuation Date. 
The Valuation Dates are defined in the Final Terms. 
The number NCrystallisations is defined in the Final Terms. 
The Floors are defined in the Final Terms. 
 
17. Product Definition: Booster Basket Value  
Means the Weighted Basket Value with a Boost Mechanism.  
The Boost Mechanism means:

--- Page 246 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
246 
 
The highest NBooster Values of the Basket are replaced with the Boost Level in calculating the Weighted Basket 
Value. The other Values of the Basket are kept at their values. 
The NBooster number and the Booster Level are defined in the Final Terms. 
 
18. Product Definition: Trampoline Performance  
Means the Performance with a Trampoline Mechanism, i.e. the Performance multiplied by a Trampoline 
Overweighting coefficient if it is positive, and a Trampoline Underweighting coefficient if it is negative.  
Trampoline Performance = Trampoline Overweighting x Max(0; Performance) + Trampoline Underweighting 
x Min(0; Performance). 
The Trampoline Overweighting and Trampoline Underweighting coefficients are defined in the Final 
Terms. 
The Performance is computed between two Valuation Dates defined in the Final Terms. 
 
19. Product Definition : Trampoline Basket  
Means a Basket composed of Trampoline Performances. 
 
20. Product Definition: Trampoline Basket Value  
Means the Weighted Average of the components of the Trampoline Basket. 
 
21. Product Definition: Best Timing Basket Value  
Means the Equi-Weighted Basket Value of Ratios calculated between the Best Timing Date and the Final 
Valuation Date. The Best Timing Date means the first Valuation Date d on which the Equi-Weighted Basket 
Value of the Ratios calculated between the Initial Valuation and the Valuation Date d reached its lowest level. 
The Initial Valuation Date, the Final Valuation Date and the Valuation Date are defined in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
22. Product Definition: Ejector Basket  
The Ejector Basket is a Basket composed of numbers or amounts, where the highest NEjector components having 
reached the Ejector Barrier on any of the Valuation Dates are removed from the Basket. 
NEjector and Ejector Barrier are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
23. Product Definition: Ejector Basket Value  
Means the Equi-Weighted Average of the Ratios of the Ejector Basket. 
 
24. Product Definition: Octoplus Basket 
The Octoplus Basket is composed of numbers or amounts, where the lowest NOctoplusOutgoing components on 
certain Valuation Dates, the Outgoing Valuation Dates, are removed from the Basket and where the 
NOctoplusRemaining components on certain Valuation Dates, the Remaining Valuation Dates, are removed from the 
Basket.

--- Page 247 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
247 
 
NOctoplusRemaining, NOctoplusOutgoing, Outgoing Valuation Dates and Remaining Valuation Dates are defined in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
25. Product Definition: Octoplus Basket Value 
Means the Equi-Weighted Average of the components of the Octoplus Basket. 
 
G. Strategy 
1. 
Strategy Definition : Alpha Strategy  
Means a strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to a ratio spread calculated for two drivers, 
hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2). The value of the Alpha Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation 
Date: 
AlphaStrategyt = AlphaStrategyt−1 × [MonetaryDrivert + Driver(1)t −Driver(2)t] 
 
AlphaStrategy0 is a value defined in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
 
2. Strategy Definition : Alpha Strategy Excess Performance 
Means a strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to ratio spreads calculated for two drivers, 
hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2). The value of the Alpha Strategy Excess Performance is defined recurrently 
on each Valuation Date: 
 
AlphaStrategyt = AlphaStrategyt−1 × [1 + Driver(1)t −Driver(2)t] 
 
AlphaStrategy0 is a value defined in the Applicable Final Terms.  
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted

--- Page 248 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
248 
 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
3. Strategy Definition : Alpha Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to ratio spreads calculated for two drivers, 
hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2) and net of annual costs. The value of the Strategy is defined recurrently on 
each Valuation Date: 
AlphaStrategyt = AlphaStrategyt−1 × [MonetaryDrivert + Driver(1)t −Driver(2)t −F × dt
B] 
 
AlphaStrategy0 is a value defined in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4. Strategy Definition: Alpha Strategy Excess Return with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to ratio spreads calculated for two drivers, 
hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2) and net of annual costs. The value of the Alpha Strategy Excess Return with 
Annual Costs is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
AlphaStrategyExcessReturnt
= AlphaStrategyExcessReturnt−1
× [1 + Driver(1)t −Driver(2)t −MonetaryDrivert −F × dt
B] 
 
AlphaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted

--- Page 249 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
249 
 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. Strategy Definition: Excess Return Strategy 
Means a strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the excess return ratio of a driver, hereafter 
Driver t. The value of the Excess Return Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
ExcessReturnStrategyt = ExcessReturnStrategyt−1 × [1 + Drivert −MonetaryDrivert] 
Excess Return Strategy 0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
6. Strategy Definition: Excess Return Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the excess return ratio of a Driver, hereafter 
a Driver net of annual costs. The value of the Excess Return Strategy with Annual Costs is defined recurrently 
on each Valuation Date: 
ExcessReturnStrategyt = ExcessReturnStrategyt−1 × [1 + Drivert −MonetaryDrivert −F × dt
B] 
Excess ReturnStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
 F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 250 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
250 
 
 
7. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the ratio spread between a driver 
and a ratio weighted to a second driver, hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2) with this weighting being variable 
and determined from the 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝐵𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑡−1 between the two drivers. 
The value of the Beta Neutral Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
BetaStrategyt = BetaStrategyt−1 × [
Driver(1)t +
ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)] 
 
BetaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. Strategy Definition : Beta Neutral Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the ratio spread between a driver 
and a ratio weighted to a second driver, hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2) with this weighting being variable 
and determined from the 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝐵𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑡−1 between the two drivers, the Strategy being net of annual costs. 
The value of the Beta Neutral Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
BetaStrategyt = BetaStrategyt−1 × [
Driver(1)t +
ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t) −F × dt
B
] 
 
BetaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 251 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
251 
 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
9. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the ratio spread between a driver 
and a ratio weighted to a second driver, with this weighting being variable and determined from the 
HistoricBetat-1 between the two drivers, hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2). The value of the Beta Neutral 
Strategy Excess Return is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date and is calculated in excess of a 
monetary asset: 
 
BetaStrategyExcessReturnt
= BetaStrategyExcessReturnt−1 × [
1 + Driver(1)t +
ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)
−MonetaryDrivert
] 
 
 
BetaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 252 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
252 
 
 
10. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Annual cost  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the ratio spread between a driver 
and a ratio weighted to a second driver, with this weighting being variable and determined from the 
HistoricBetat-1 between the two drivers, hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2). The value of the Beta Neutral 
Strategy Excess Return is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date and is calculated in excess of a 
monetary asset, the strategy being net of annual costs: 
 
BetaStrategyExcessReturnt
= BetaStrategyExcessReturnt−1 × [
1 + Driver(1)t +
ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)
−MonetaryDrivert −F × dt
B
] 
 
 
BetaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy with Exposure Rate and Annual Costs  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the ratio spread between a driver 
with a weighting, and the ratio of a second driver with the same applicable weighting multiplied by the 
𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝐵𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑡−1 and net of annual costs, hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2). 
The value of the Beta Neutral Strategy with Exposure rate and Annual Costs is defined recurrently on each 
Valuation Date:

--- Page 253 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
253 
 
 
BetaStrategyExposureRatet
= BetaStrategyExposureRatet−1
×
[
 
 
 
 Driver(1)t × ExposureRate −(ExposureRate −1) × (MonetaryDrivert + Spread × dt
B )
+ ExposureRate × ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)
−F × dt
B
]
 
 
 
 
 
 
BetaStrategyExposureRate0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExposureRate means the investment exposure for Driver(1). ExposureRate may be equal to 1 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
Spread means the spread applied to the monetary loan. 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
12. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Exposure Rate and Annual Costs  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the spread between a driver with a 
weighting, and the performance of a second driver with the same applicable weighting multiplied by the 
𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝐵𝑒𝑡𝑎𝑡−1 , hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2) and net of annual costs and in excess of a monetary asset. 
The value of the Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Exposure rate and Annual Costs is defined 
recurrently on each Valuation Date:

--- Page 254 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
254 
 
BetaStrategyExposureRateERt
= BetaStrategyExposureRateERt−1
×
[
 
 
 
 Driver(1)t × ExposureRate −(ExposureRate −1) × (MonetaryDrivert + Spread × dt
B )
+ ExposureRate × ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)
−(MonetaryDrivert −1) −F × dt
B
]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BetaStrategyExposureRateER0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExposureRate means the investment exposure for Driver(1). ExposureRate may be equal to 1 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
Spread means the spread applied to the monetary loan. 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
13. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy with Participation Rate and Annual Costs  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the spread between a driver and a 
performance weighted to a second driver, with this weighting being variable and determined from the 
HistoricBetat-1 between the ratios, hereafter Driver(1) and Driver(2) and net of annual costs. 
The value of the Beta Neutral Strategy with Participation Rate and Annual Costs is defined recurrently on each 
Valuation Date:

--- Page 255 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
255 
 
BetaStrategyParticipationRatet
= BetaStrategyParticipationRatet−1
× [
Driver(1)t +
ParticipationRate × ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)
−F × dt
B
] 
 
BetaStrategyParticipationRate0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ParticipationRate means the exposure to the beta adjusted Driver(2). ParticipationRate may be equal to 1 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t m means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
14. Strategy Definition: Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Participation Rate and Annual Costs  
Means an iterative strategy with the objective of giving regular exposure to the spread between a driver, 
hereafter Driver(1) and a ratio weighted to a second driver, hereafter Driver(2), with this weighting being 
variable and determined from the HistoricBetat-1 between the ratios and net of annual costs in excess of a 
monetary asset. 
The value of the Beta Neutral Strategy Excess Return with Participation Rate and Annual Costs is defined 
recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
BetaStrategyParticipationRatet
= BetaStrategyParticipationRatet−1
× [
1 + Driver(1)t +
ParticipationRate × ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t)
−MonetaryDrivert −F × dt
B
]

--- Page 256 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
256 
 
 
BetaStrategyParticipationRate0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ParticipationRate means the exposure to the beta adjusted Driver(2). ParticipationRate may be equal to 1 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoBetat-1 means the exposure calculated from a beta indicator: 
ExpoBetat-1 = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; HistoricBetat-1)) where HistoricBetat-1 means the Beta as defined in the 
Final terms ( Historic Beta or Historic Beta with Lag )  
Floor and Cap are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
15. Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy  
Means a strategy with the purpose of gaining exposure to a driver, hereafter Driver with a variable exposure 
dependent on the Historic Volatility, and an exposure to an investment or a loan depending on the level of 
exposure taken.  
The value of the Vol Target Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date:  
 
VolTargetStrategyt = VolTargetStrategyt−1 ×
[
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Drivert +
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B)
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B)]
 
 
 
 
  
 
VolTargetStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDriverSAt, and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation

--- Page 257 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
257 
 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Driver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoRAt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
16. Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy on a Strategy  
Means a strategy with the purpose of gaining exposure to a Strategy with a variable exposure dependent on the 
Historic Volatility, and an exposure to an investment or a loan depending on the level of exposure taken.  
The value of the Vol Target Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date:  
 
VolTargetStrategyt = VolTargetStrategyt−1 ×
[
 
 
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Strategyt
Strategyt−1
+
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B)
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B)]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VolTargetStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strategyt means a Strategy as defined in this Technical Annex 
MonetaryDriverSAt, and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Strategy between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoRAt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 258 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
258 
 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
17. Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy with Annual Costs  
Means a strategy with the purpose of gaining exposure to a driver, hereafter Driver, with a variable exposure 
dependent on the Historic Volatility, and an exposure to an investment or a loan depending on the level of 
exposure taken and net of annual costs.  
The value of the Vol Target Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date:  
 
VolTargetStrategyt
= VolTargetStrategyt−1
×
[
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Drivert +
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B )
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B ) −F × dt
B′]
 
 
 
 
 
 
VolTargetStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDriverSAt, and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Driver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoRAt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan:

--- Page 259 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
259 
 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B’ means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
18. Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy on a Strategy with Annual Costs  
Means a strategy with the purpose of gaining exposure to the ratio of a Strategy with a variable exposure 
dependent on the Historic Volatility of the Strategy, and an exposure to an investment or a loan depending on 
the level of exposure taken and net of annual costs.  
The value of the Vol Target Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date:  
VolTargetStrategyt
= VolTargetStrategyt−1
×
[
 
 
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Strategyt
Strategyt−1
+
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B )
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B ) −F × dt
B′]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VolTargetStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strategyt means a Strategy as defined in this Technical Annex 
MonetaryDriverSAt,and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in 
the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates 
t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, 
or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Strategy between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoRAt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment.

--- Page 260 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
260 
 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B’ means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
19. Strategy Definition: Vol Target Strategy on a Strategy with Transaction Costs  
Means a strategy with the purpose of gaining exposure to a Strategy with a variable exposure dependent on the 
Historic Volatility, and an exposure to an investment or a loan depending on the level of exposure taken, 
including the impact of transaction costs. 
The value of the Vol Target Strategy with Transaction Costs is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date:  
 
VolTargetStrategyTCostt
= VolTargetStrategyTCostt−1 ×
[
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Strategyt
Strategyt−1
+
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverMt + Spread SA × dt
B )
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverLt + Spread FA × dt
B )
−𝑇𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑠𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝑡
]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VolTargetStrategyTCost0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strategyt means a Strategy as defined in this Technical Annex 
MonetaryDriverMt, and MonetaryDriverLt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in 
the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates 
t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, 
or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Strategy between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoRAt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Historic 
Centered Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Historic Centered Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
TransactionCostt = Abs( ExpoRAt-1 – ExpoRAt-2 ) x Transaction Spread with TransactionSpread defined 
in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 261 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
261 
 
 
20. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy  
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to the volatility of a driver compared to a volatility 
level as defined in the Final terms: 
 
VolCapStrategyt = VolCapStrategyt−1 × [ExpoVolt−1 × Drivert + (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert] 
 
With: 
VolCapStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to Driver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and VolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
21. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy on a Strategy  
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to the volatility of a Strategy compared to a volatility 
level as defined in the Final terms: 
 
VolCapStrategyt = VolCapStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × Strategyt
Strategyt−1
+ (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert] 
 
 
With: 
VolCapStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strategyt means a Strategy as defined in this Technical Annex 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratios of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to Strategy between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:

--- Page 262 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
262 
 
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
22. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy on a Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to the volatility of a Strategy compared to a volatility 
level, net of annual costs as defined in the Final terms: 
 
VolCapStrategyt = VolCapStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × Strategyt
Strategyt−1
+ (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert −F × dt
B] 
 
 
With: 
VolCapStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strategyt means a Strategy as defined in this Technical Annex 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to Strategy between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
23. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Strategy with Annual Costs  
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to the volatility of a driver compared to a volatility 
level as defined in the Final terms, and net of annual costs: 
 
VolCapStrategyt = VolCapStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × Drivert + (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert −F × dt
B ]

--- Page 263 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
263 
 
 
With: 
VolCapStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to Driver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; VolCapLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and VolCapLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
24. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Alpha Strategy  
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to a volatility indicator spread between two drivers. 
The value of Vol Cap Alpha Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date. 
 
VolCapAlphaStrategyt
= VolCapAlphaStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × PerfAlphat + (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert] 
 
And: 
PerfAlphat = MonetaryDrivert + Driver(1)t −Driver(2)t 
 
With: 
VolCapAlphaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted

--- Page 264 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
264 
 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to Driver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
25. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Alpha Strategy with Annual Costs  
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to a volatility indicator spread between two drivers, 
and net of annual costs. 
The value of Vol Cap Alpha Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date. 
 
VolCapAlphaStrategyt
= VolCapAlphaStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × PerfAlphat + (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert −F2 × dt
B ] 
 
And: 
PerfAlphat = MonetaryDrivert + Driver(1)t −Driver(2)t −F1 × dt
B 
 
 
With: 
VolCapAlphaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to Driver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:

--- Page 265 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
265 
 
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F1 and F2 means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
26. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Beta Strategy 
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to the volatility of a beta driven performance driver 
compared to a volatility level as defined in the Final terms: 
 
VolCapBetaStrategyt
= VolCapBetaStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × PerfBetat + (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert] 
 
And: 
PerfBetat = Driver(1)t + ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t) 
 
 
With: 
VolCapBetaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoBetat-1 means the ExpoBeta specified in the Final Terms 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1). 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to PerfBeta between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1)

--- Page 266 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
266 
 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
27. Strategy Definition: Vol Cap Beta Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure in accordance to the volatility of a beta driven driver compared to a 
volatility level as defined in the Final terms and net of annual costs 
 
VolCapBetaStrategyt
= VolCapBetaStrategyt−1
× [ExpoVolt−1 × PerfBetat + (1 −ExpoVolt−1) × MonetaryDrivert −F2 × dt
B] 
 
And: 
PerfBetat = Driver(1)t + ExpoBetat−1 × (MonetaryDrivert −Driver(2)t) −F1 × dt
B 
 
With: 
VolCapBetaStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoBetat-1 means the ExpoBeta specified in the Final Terms 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to PerfBeta between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F1 and F2 means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 267 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
267 
 
 
 
28. Strategy Definition: Range Vol Target Strategy with Volatility Range, Transaction Cost and Annual 
Costs 
Means a strategy with a dynamic exposure to a driver in accordance to the volatility level with a range 
mechanism, Transaction Costs and Annual Costs as defined in the Final terms 
 
RangeVolTargetStrategyt
= RangeVolTargetStrategyt−1
×
[
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RangeExpoVolt−1 × Drivert
+Max(0; 1 −RangeExpoVolt−1) × (MonetaryDriverSAt + SpreadM × dt
B)
+Min(0; 1 −RangeExpoVolt−1) × (MonetaryDriverFAt + SpreadL × dt
B )
−TF × ABS|RangeExpoVolt−1 −RangeExpoVolt−2|
−F × dt
B′
]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
With: 
RangeVolTargetStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDriverSAt, and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
RangeExpoVolt-1 means the exposure to the perfDriver between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
ExpoVolt-1 = Min(Cap; TargetVolLevel / VHt-1) 
If ABS|ExpoVolt−1 × VHt−1 −TargetVolLevel| > Range 
Then RangeExpoVolt−1 = ExpoVolt−1 
Else RangeExpoVolt−1 = RangeExpoVolt−2 
VHt means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
Cap, TargetVolLevel and Range are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
SpreadM and SpreadL are the monetary and leverage spread as defined in the Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
TF means the Transaction costs for the hedging of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) .

--- Page 268 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
268 
 
B and B’ mean the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
29. Strategy Definition: Switcher Strategy  
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to a driver or another in accordance with a defined 
process. 
The value of the Switcher Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
 
SwitcherStrategyt = SwitcherStrategyt−1 × [Expo(1)t−1 × Driver(1)t + Expo(2)t−1 × Driver(2)t] 
 
With: 
SwitcherStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Expo(1)t-1 means the exposure to the Driver(1) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Expo(2)t-1 means the exposure to the Driver(2) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
30. Strategy Definition: Switcher Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to a driver or another in accordance with a defined 
process and net of annual costs. 
The value of the Switcher Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
 
SwitcherStrategyt
= SwitcherStrategyt−1 × [Expo(1)t−1 × Driver(1)t + Expo(2)t−1 × Driver(2)t −F × dt
B ] 
 
With: 
SwitcherStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(1)t means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Driver(2)t means a Value(2) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess 
Return Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 269 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
269 
 
Expo(1)t-1 means the exposure to the Driver(1) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Expo(2)t-1 means the exposure to the Driver(2) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
31. Strategy Definition: VolTum Strategy  
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to a driver with variable exposure dependent on the 
Historic Volatility and the short-term ratio (momentum), and exposure to an investment or a loan depending 
on the level of exposure taken.  
The value of the Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
 
VolTumStrategyt = VolTumStrategyt−1 ×
[
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Drivert +
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B)
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B )]
 
 
 
 
 
 
VolTumStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert, and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in 
the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates 
t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, 
or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Ratio between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑅𝐴𝑡−1 = 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝; 𝑚𝑡−1 × 𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡𝑉𝑜𝑙𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑉𝐻𝑡−1
) 
VHt-1 means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
mt-1 means the calculated exposure factor obtained by dividing the sum of the positive ratios over a period by 
the sum of the absolute values of the negative ratios over the same period: 
 
mt =
∑
Max(Rj, 0)
t−1−Lag
j=t−x−Lag
Max(1%, ∑
Max(−Rj, 0)
t−1−Lag
j=t−x−Lag
)
 
 
Where:

--- Page 270 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
270 
 
Rj = ln(Drivert) 
x: the number of values Rj used to calculated on the Valuation Dates the exposure factor mt-1, as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
Lag means the observation time lag as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
32. Strategy Definition: VolTum Strategy with Annual Costs  
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to a driver with variable exposure dependent on the 
Historic Volatility and the short-term ratio (momentum), and exposure to an investment or a loan depending 
on the level of exposure taken and net of annual costs.  
The value of the Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
 
VolTumStrategyt
= VolTumStrategyt−1
×
[
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Drivert +
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B )
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B ) −F × dt
B′]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VolTumStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value(1) which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert, and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in 
the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates 
t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, 
or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Ratio between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑅𝐴𝑡−1 = 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝; 𝑚𝑡−1 × 𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡𝑉𝑜𝑙𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑉𝐻𝑡−1
)

--- Page 271 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
271 
 
VHt-1 means the volatility indicator as defined in the applicable Final Terms (Historic Volatility, Centered 
Historic Volatility, Historic Volatility with Lag or Centered Historic Volatility with Lag) 
mt-1 means the calculated exposure factor obtained by dividing the sum of the positive ratios over a period by 
the sum of the absolute values of the negative ratios over the same period: 
 
mt =
∑
Max(Rj, 0)
t−1−Lag
j=t−x−Lag
Max(1%, ∑
Max(−Rj, 0)
t−1−Lag
j=t−x−Lag
)
 
 
 
Where: 
Rj = ln(Drivert) 
x: the number of values Rj calculated on the Valuation Dates of the exposure factor mt-1 
Cap and TargetVolLevel are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
Lag means the observation time lag as specified in the Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B’ means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
33. Strategy Definition: CPPI Strategy 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to the ratio of a driver with a variable exposure 
dependent on its relative level in relation to a given reference or a loan or investment depending on the level of 
exposure taken. 
The value of the Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
 
CPPIStrategyt = CPPIStrategyt−1 ×
[
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Drivert +
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverSAt + Spread SA × dt
B)
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDriverFAt + Spread FA × dt
B)]

--- Page 272 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
272 
 
 
CPPIStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDriverSAt, and MonetaryDriverFAt means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified 
in the Final Terms (MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation 
Dates t-1 and t; or a Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized 
Value, or Iterative Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Ratio between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑅𝐴𝑡−1 = 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝; 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟; 𝑚× 𝐶𝑢𝑠ℎ𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑡−1−𝑙𝑎𝑔)) 
 
Lag means the observation time lag as specified in the Final Terms. 
Cushiont means the relative difference of the CPPI Strategy in relation to a predetermined level (Zero Coupon 
or Linear Floor value) as defined in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝐶𝑢𝑠ℎ𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑡= 𝐶𝑃𝑃𝐼 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
 
Reference Valuet means the Zero Coupon or Linear Floor value 
Strategy Valuet means (i) CPPI Strategyt or (ii) CPPI Strategy0 
Cap and Floor and m are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive) . 
34. Strategy Definition: CPPI Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to the ratio of a driver with a variable exposure 
dependent on its relative level in relation to a given reference or a loan or investment depending on the level of 
exposure taken, and net of annual costs. 
The value of the Strategy is defined recurrently on each Valuation Date: 
 
CPPIStrategyt = CPPIStrategyt−1 ×
[
 
 
 
 
ExpoRAt−1 × Drivert +
ExpoSAt−1 × (MonetaryDrivert + Spread SA × dt
B )
−ExpoFAt−1 × (MonetaryDrivert + Spread FA × dt
B ) −F × dt
B′]

--- Page 273 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
273 
 
 
CPPIStrategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
MonetaryDrivert means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t; or 1) 
ExpoRAt-1 means the exposure to the Ratio between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t:  
𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑅𝐴𝑡−1 = 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝; 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟; 𝑚× 𝐶𝑢𝑠ℎ𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑡−1−𝐿𝑎𝑔)) 
 
Lag means the observation time lag as specified in the Final Terms. 
Cushiont means the relative difference of the CPPI Strategy in relation to a predetermined level (Zero Coupon 
or Linear Floor value) as defined in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝐶𝑢𝑠ℎ𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑡= 𝐶𝑃𝑃𝐼 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑡−𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
 
 
Reference Valuet means the Zero Coupon or Linear Floor value 
Strategy Valuet means (i) CPPI Strategyt or (ii) CPPI Strategy0 
Cap and Floor and m are defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExpoSAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary investment: 
ExpoSAt-1 = Max(0; 100% - ExpoRAt-1) 
ExpoFAt-1 means the exposure to a monetary loan: 
ExpoFAt-1 = Max(0; ExpoRAt-1-100%) 
SpreadSA and SpreadFA mean the spreads applied to the monetary loan and investment. 
Δ(t −1, t) means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive) and the Valuation 
Date t (inclusive) or between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive) and the Valuation Date t (inclusive). 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B’ means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
35. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Basis Swap on 
Denominator

--- Page 274 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
274 
 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to the ratio of a driver with dynamic foreign exchange 
hedging aiming to reduce the impact of fluctuating exchange rates by taking a reverse forward foreign 
exchange position.  
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1
× [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert +
1 + MonetaryReferenceRate(1)𝑡−1 × dt
B
1 + (MonetaryReferenceRate(2)𝑡−1 + BasisSwapt−1) × dt
B
−FXt
FXt−1
] 
 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the underlying 
of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is in the currency 
of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
MonetaryReferenceRate(1)t means the Value (1) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Strategy on the 
Valuation Date t. 
MonetaryReferenceRate(2)t means the Value (2) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Underlying on the 
Valuation Date t.  
BasisSwapt-1 means the rate spread on the Valuation Date t-1and as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive)  
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
36. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Basis Swap on Numerator 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to the ratio of a driver with dynamic foreign exchange 
hedging aiming to reduce the impact of fluctuating exchange rates by taking a reverse forward foreign 
exchange position.  
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1
× [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert +
1 + (MonetaryReferenceRate(1)𝑡−1 + BasisSwapt−1) × dt
B
1 + MonetaryReferenceRate(2)𝑡−1 × dt
B
−FXt
FXt−1
]

--- Page 275 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
275 
 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the underlying 
of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is in the currency 
of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
MonetaryReferenceRate(1)t-1 means the Value (1) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Strategy on the 
Valuation Date t-1. 
MonetaryReferenceRate(2)t-1 means the Value (2) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Underlying on 
the Valuation Date t-1.  
BasisSwapt-1 means the rate spread on the Valuation Date t-1 and as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive)  
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
37. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs and Basis 
Swap on Denominator 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to the ratio of a driver with dynamic foreign exchange 
hedging aiming to reduce the impact of fluctuating exchange rates by taking a reverse forward foreign 
exchange position, and net of annual costs.  
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1
× [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert +
1 + MonetaryReferenceRate(1)𝑡−1 × dt
B
1 + (MonetaryReferenceRate(2)𝑡−1 + BasisSwapt−1) × dt
B
−FXt
FXt−1
−F × dt
B′] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
MonetaryReferenceRate(1)t-1 means the Value (1) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Strategy on the 
Valuation Date t-1.

--- Page 276 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
276 
 
MonetaryReferenceRate(2)t-1 means the Value (2) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Underlying on 
the Valuation Date t-1.  
BasisSwapt-1 means the rate spread on the Valuation Date t-1 and as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive)  
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B’ means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
38. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Dynamic Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs and Basis 
Swap on Numerator 
Means a strategy with the objective of gaining exposure to the ratio of a driver with dynamic foreign exchange 
hedging aiming to reduce the impact of fluctuating exchange rates by taking a reverse forward foreign 
exchange position, and net of annual costs.  
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1
× [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert +
1 + (MonetaryReferenceRate(1)𝑡−1 + BasisSwapt−1) × dt
B
1 + MonetaryReferenceRate(2)𝑡−1 × dt
B
−FXt
FXt−1
−F × dt
B′] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
MonetaryReferenceRate(1)t-1 means the Value (1) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Strategy on the 
Valuation Date t-1. 
MonetaryReferenceRate(2)t-1 means the Value (2) of the risk-free rate of the currency of the Underlying on 
the Valuation Date t-1.  
BasisSwapt-1 means the rate spread on the Valuation Date t-1 as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
dt means the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Valuation Date t (inclusive or exclusive)  
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t.

--- Page 277 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
277 
 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B’ means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
39. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging  
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) a forward foreign 
exchange position aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate fluctuations between the currency of the strategy 
and that of the Underlying. 
 
Strategyt = Strategy0 × [FXt
FX0
× Drivert + FWD0
FX0
−FXt
FX0
] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FX0: (i) means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FWD0: (i) means the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
40. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging Normalized 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) a forward foreign 
exchange position aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate fluctuations between the currency of the strategy 
and that of the Underlying. 
 
Strategyt = Strategy0 × [ FXt
FWD0
× Drivert + 100% −FXt
FWD0
] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 278 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
278 
 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
 FWD0: (i) means the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency 
of the underlying(s) of the driver on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) 
is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
41. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) a forward foreign 
exchange position aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate fluctuations between the currency of the strategy 
and that of the Underlying, and net of annual costs. 
 
 
Strategyt = Strategy0 × [FXt
FX0
× Drivert + FWD0
FX0
−FXt
FX0
−F × dt
B ] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FX0: (i) means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FWD0: (i) means the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Initial Valuation Date and the Valuation Date t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
42. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging Normalized with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) a forward foreign 
exchange position aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate fluctuations between the currency of the strategy 
and that of the Underlying, and net of annual costs.

--- Page 279 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
279 
 
Strategyt = Strategy0 × [ FXt
FWD0
× Drivert + 100% −FXt
FWD0
−F × dt
B] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
 FWD0: (i) means the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency 
of the underlying(s) of the driver on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) 
is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Initial Valuation Date and the Valuation Date t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
43. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Strip Foreign Exchange Hedging 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) multiple forwards 
foreign exchange positions, possibly on a different notional, aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency of the strategy and that of the driver.  
 
Strategyt = Strategy0 × [FXt
FX0
× Drivert + Z × ∑(FWDd
FXd
−FXd+1
FXd
)
𝑛
𝑑=0
] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FX0: (i) means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FXd: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date d, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 280 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
280 
 
FWDd means (i) the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Valuation Date d, maturing on the Valuation Date d+1 , as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 Z is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 n is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
44. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Strip Foreign Exchange Hedging with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) multiple forwards 
foreign exchange positions, possibly on a different notional, aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency of the strategy and that of the driver, and net of annual costs.  
 
Strategyt = Strategy0 × [FXt
FX0
× Drivert + Z × ∑(FWDd
FXd
−FXd+1
FXd
)
𝑛
𝑑=0
−F × dt
B ] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FX0: (i) means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FXd: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date d, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
FWDd means (i) the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Valuation Date d, maturing on the Valuation Date d+1 , as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Z is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
n is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Initial Valuation Date and the Valuation Date t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
45. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Multi Step Iterated

--- Page 281 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
281 
 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) multiple forwards 
foreign exchange positions, possibly on a different notional, aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency of the strategy and that of driver. This being carried on an iterate rhythm 
between dates t-1 and t. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert + Z ×
∑
(FWDd
FXd
−FXd+1
FXd
)
𝑛(𝑡)
𝑑=𝑛(𝑡−1)
] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FX0: (i) means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FXd: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date d, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
FWDd means (i) the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Valuation Date d, maturing on the Valuation Date d+1 , as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
n(t-1) and n(t) are constant values as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 Z is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
n is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
46. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Iterated 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) multiple forwards 
foreign exchange positions, possibly on a different notional, aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency of the strategy and that of driver. This being carried on an iterate rhythm 
between dates t-1 and t. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert + Z × (FWDt−1
FXt−1
−FXt
FXt−1
)] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 282 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
282 
 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FWDt-1 means (i) the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Valuation Date t-1, maturing on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Z is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
47. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Multi Step Iterated with Annual 
Costs 
 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) multiple forwards 
foreign exchange positions, possibly on a different notional, aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency of the strategy and that of driver, and net of annual costs. This being carried 
on an iterate rhythm between dates t-1 and t. 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert + Z ×
∑
(FWDd
FXd
−FXd+1
FXd
) −F × dt
B
𝑛(𝑡)
𝑑=𝑛(𝑡−1)
] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FX0: (i) means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Initial Valuation Date, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is 
a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FXd: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date d, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
FWDd means (i) the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Valuation Date d, maturing on the Valuation Date d+1 , as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
n(t-1) and n(t) are constant values as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Z is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 283 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
283 
 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (excluded) and the Valuation 
Date t (included). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
48. Strategy Definition: Strategy with Stripped Foreign Exchange Hedging Iterated with Annual Cost 
Means a strategy composed of (i) an exposure to the converted value of a driver and (ii) multiple forwards 
foreign exchange positions, possibly on a different notional, aiming to hedge the foreign exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency of the strategy and that of driver. This being carried on an iterate rhythm 
between dates t-1 and t. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [ FXt
FXt−1
× Drivert + Z × (FWDt−1
FXt−1
−FXt
FXt−1
) −F × dt
B] 
 
Where: 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXt: means the Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of the 
underlying(s) of the driver (such that the product of the driver and the Value of the Foreign Exchange Rate is 
in the currency of the Strategy) on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
FWDt-1 means (i) the Value of the Forward Exchange between the currency of the Strategy and the currency of 
the underlying(s) of the driver on the Valuation Date t-1, maturing on the Valuation Date t, as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Z is a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Date t-1 (excluded) and the Valuation 
Date t (included). 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
49.  Strategy Definition: Leverage Strategy  
Means a strategy with an exposure greater than 100% to a driver and a monetary position corresponding to 
the financing of this overexposure. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [Indexation × Drivert −(Indexation −100%) × Financingt] 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted

--- Page 284 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
284 
 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Indexation is the leverage indexation express in percentage, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Financingt corresponds to the amount of financing of the overexposure to the ratio of the Underlying and is 
equal to (i) the constant value expressed as a percentage or an amount defined in the applicable Final Terms, 
(ii) the Linear Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing 
Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (iv) the ratio of an Underlying representing a monetary 
investment. 
 
50. Strategy Definition: Leverage Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with an exposure greater than 100% to a driver and a monetary position corresponding to 
the financing of this overexposure and net of annual costs. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [Indexation × Drivert −(Indexation −100%) × Financingt −F × dt
B ] 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Indexation is the leverage indexation express in percentage, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Financingt corresponds to the amount of financing of the overexposure to the ratio of the Driver and is equal 
to (i) the constant value expressed as a percentage or an amount defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the 
Linear 
Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount as defined 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (iv) the ratio of an Underlying representing a monetary investment. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
51. Strategy Definition: Reverse Strategy  
Means a strategy with a negative exposure to a driver. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [Financing(1) + Indexation × (Financing(2) −Drivert)] 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 285 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
285 
 
Indexation is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
Financing(1) corresponds to the amount of remuneration at the risk-free rate and is equal to (i) constant value 
defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Linear Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (iv) the ratio of an 
Underlying representing a monetary investment.  
Financing(2) corresponds to the ratio at the risk-free rate and is equal to (i) the constant value expressed as a 
percentage or an amount defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Linear Financing Amount as defined in 
the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(iv) the ratio of an Underlying representing a monetary investment. 
52. Strategy Definition: Reverse Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with a negative exposure to a driver and net of annual costs. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [Financing(1) + Indexation × (Financing(2) −Drivert) −F × dt
B] 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Indexation is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
Financing(1) corresponds to the amount of remuneration at the risk-free rate and is equal to (i) constant value 
defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Linear Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (iv) the ratio of an 
Underlying representing a monetary investment.  
Financing(2) corresponds to the ratio at the risk-free rate and is equal to (i) the constant value expressed as a 
percentage or an amount defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Linear Financing Amount as defined in 
the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(iv) the ratio of an Underlying representing a monetary investment. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
53. Strategy Definition: Composite Leverage Strategy 
Means a strategy with exposure greater than 100% to the ratio of a driver and a monetary position 
corresponding to the financing of this overexposure. The exposure to the driver is periodically recalculated 
and the amount of financing corresponding to this overexposure may be limited to a maximum amount. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [
Indexationt−1 × Drivert −(Indexationt−1 −100%) × Financingt−1
−F × dt
B
]

--- Page 286 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
286 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Indexationt-1 means the exposure to the driver, within the limit such that the resulting amount of financing is 
below a maximum level:  
 
Indexationt−1 = Min(Indexation; 100% +
Cap
Strategyt−1−Lag
) 
Indexation and Cap are as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag means the observation time lag as specified in the Final Terms. 
Financingt corresponds to the amount of financing of the overexposure to the ratio of the Driver and is equal 
to (i) constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Linear Financing Amount on the Valuation 
Date t as defined in the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount on the Valuation Date t 
as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (iv) the ratio of an Underlying representing a monetary investment. 
 
54. Strategy Definition: Composite Leverage Strategy with Annual Costs 
Means a strategy with exposure greater than 100% to the ratio of a driver and a monetary position 
corresponding to the financing of this overexposure, and net of annual costs. The exposure to the driver is 
periodically recalculated and the amount of financing corresponding to this overexposure may be limited to a 
maximum amount. 
 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × [
Indexationt−1 × Drivert −(Indexationt−1 −100%) × Financingt
−F × dt
B
] 
 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value which reflects the evolution of one or more asset; it can be a Ratio, an Excess Return 
Ratio, or a Spread Ratio, or a Ratio of a Debt Instrument or a Sum, a Product, a Division or a Weighted 
Average of Ratios or Excess Return Ratios or Spread Ratios or Ratios of a Debt Instrument as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Indexationt-1 means the exposure to the driver, within the limit such that the resulting amount of financing is 
below a maximum level: 
 
Indexationt−1 = Min(Indexation; 100% +
Cap
Strategyt−1−Lag
) 
 
Indexation and Cap are as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lag means the observation time lag as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 287 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
287 
 
Financingt corresponds to the amount of financing of the overexposure to the ratio of the Driver and is equal 
to (i) constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Linear Financing Amount on the Valuation 
Date t as defined in the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Composite Financing Amount on the Valuation Date t 
as defined in the applicable Final Terms, or (iv) the ratio of an Underlying representing a monetary investment. 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
55. Strategy Definition: Composed Strategy 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a driver from one period to another: 
Strategyt = Strategyt-1 x Drivert 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
56. Strategy Definition Composed Strategy Striked 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a driver from one period to another, net of a fixed cost: 
Strategyt = Strategyt-1 x Drivert - K 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
K means a value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
57. Strategy Definition: Composed Strategy with annual costs 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a Value from one period to another, and net of annual costs: 
Strategyt = Strategyt-1 x ( Drivert – F x dt/B) 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
58. Strategy Definition: Composed Strategy with Annual Costs Striked 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a Value from one period to another, net of annual costs and net of a fixed 
cost: 
Strategyt = Strategyt-1 x ( Drivert – F x dt/B) - K 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 288 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
288 
 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
K means a value as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
59. Strategy Definition: Backward Composed Strategy 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a driver from one period to a previous one: 
Strategyt = Strategyt+1 x Drivert 
Strategyt is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
60. Strategy Definition: Backward Composed Strategy Striked 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a driver from one period to a previous one, net of a fixed cost: 
Strategyt = Strategyt+1 x Drivert - K 
Strategyt is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
K means a value as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
61. Strategy Definition: Backward Composed Strategy with annual costs 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a Value from one period to a previous one, and net of annual costs: 
Strategyt = Strategyt+1 x ( Drivert – F x dt/B) 
Strategyt) is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
62. Strategy Definition: Backward Composed Strategy with annual costs Striked 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a Value from one period to a previous one, net of annual costs and net of 
a fixed cost: 
Strategyt = Strategyt+1 x ( Drivert – F x dt/B) - K 
Strategyt) is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 289 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
289 
 
Drivert means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
K means a value as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
63. Strategy Definition : Weighted Strategy with annual costs 
 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a Value from one period to another, and net of annual costs: 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × (∑(wi × Drivert
i) −F × dt
B
n
i=1
) 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Driverit means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Wi means an the weight of the Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
n is the number of Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
64. Strategy Definition : Weighted Strategy with annual costs Striked 
 
Means a strategy built by iteration of a Value from one period to another, net of annual costs and net of a fixed 
cost: 
Strategyt = Strategyt−1 × (∑(wi × Drivert
i) −F × dt
B
n
i=1
) − K 
Strategy0 is a value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Driverit means a Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Wi means an the weight of the Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
n is the number of Value as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
F means the Annual Costs for the replication of the Strategy as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
dt is equal to the number of Calculation Days between the Valuation Dates t-1 and t. 
B means the Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
K means a value as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 290 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
290 
 
 
65. Strategy Definition: Iterated Ratio Strategy, Iterated Ratio Strategy on date d, Intraday Iterated Ratio 
Strategy on date d 
 
An Iterated Strategy on a Valuation Date t is the repetition, on a set of Valuation Dates, starting at the Initial 
Valuation Date t0, of an investment of Strategy0 (a constant value defined in the applicable Final Terms) on a 
set of Underlyings, with a Periodic Fee Factor. 
 
The set of Valuation Dates takes the form of a list of {f+1} dates {t0, t1…,tf}, as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The set of {f} couples of Values {[Value 0, Value’ 0], [Value 1, Value’ 1]… [Valuef-1, Value’f-1]}, as defined 
in the applicable Final Terms 
 
On a Valuation Date d, t(d) is the date, within the set of Valuation Dates, immediately preceding date d. 
n(d) is the rank of the date t(d) in the set {t0, t1, …t(d)} (for the purpose of clarity if d<t1 then t(d) is t0 and 
n(d)=0). 
 
Iterated Ratio Strategy = S0  × ∏Value i (ti)
Value′ i (ti−1)
f
i=1
× (PeriodicFeeFactor)f 
 
 
Where: 
for all I, Value i (t) (resp. Value i’ (t)) is the value of the Value i (resp. Value i’) on a Valuation Date t of the 
Schedule as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
PeriodicFeeFactor is a Value defined in the Final Terms 
Iterated Ratio Strategy on a date d
= S0 × ∏Value i (ti)
Value′ i (ti−1) ×
Value n(d)(d)
Value′n(d)(t(d))
n(d)
t=1
× (PeriodicFeeFactor)n(d) 
 
 
Where: 
Value n(d)(d) is the value of the Value n(d) on a Valuation Date d such as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
PeriodicFeeFactor is a Value defined in the Final Terms 
 
Intraday Iterated Ratio Strategy 
= S0  × ∏Value i (ti)
Value′ i (ti−1) × Value Intraday n(d)(d)
Value′n(d)(t(d))
n(d)
t=1
× (PeriodicFeeFactor)n(d) 
  
Where: 
Value Intraday n(d)(d) is the intraday value of the Value n(d) during a Valuation Date d such as defined in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
PeriodicFeeFactor is a Value defined in the Final Terms.  
 
H. Debt Instrument Determined Values 
1. Redemption Date of the Convertible Bond  
Means the first of the following dates to occur:  
a. 
the maturity date of the Convertible Bond as defined in the Final Terms;

--- Page 291 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
291 
 
b. 
the day, if it applicable, during which Exane Derivatives as holder of the Convertible Bond should 
receive the Settlement Amount of the Convertible Bond after exercise by the Company issuing the 
Convertible Bond of its option to redeem the Convertible Bond in compliance with the prospectus 
of the Convertible Bond; 
c. 
the put exercise date of the Convertible Bond (the “Put Exercise Date”), if applicable, as defined in 
the Final Terms. 
2. Reference Date of the Convertible Bond  
Means the first of the following dates to occur:  
(i) 
The Redemption Date of the Convertible Bond; 
(ii) 
The Date of Activation of the Final Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond; 
(iii) 
The Date of Activation of the Optimal Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond; 
(iv) 
The Date of Activation of the pre-put Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond, if 
applicable; 
(v) 
The Date of Activation of the pre-call Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond, if 
applicable. 
For points (ii), (iii) and (v) each of the specified date shall mean a Date of Activation of the Conversion 
Condition.  
• 
“Date of Activation of the Final Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond” means the Nth 
Business Day preceding the end date of the period for conversion of the Convertible Bond, as 
defined in the prospectus of the Convertible Bond, if the “Conversion Price of the Convertible 
Bond” is greater than Redemption Price of the Convertible Bond as defined in the Final Terms. 
• 
“Date of Activation of the pre-put Condition of the Convertible Bond” means the Nth Business 
Day preceding the Put Exercise Date of the Convertible Bond, as defined in the prospectus of the 
Convertible Bond, if the put value of the Convertible Bond is greater than the market value of the 
Convertible Bond, as defined in the Final Terms. 
• 
“Date of Activation of the pre-call Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond” means the Nth 
Business Day preceding the Call Exercise Date by the issuer of the Convertible Bond, as defined 
in the prospectus of the Convertible Bond, if the “Conversion Price of the Convertible Bond” is 
greater than the Redemption Price of the Convertible Bond in the event of Exercise of the Call, as 
defined in the Final Terms. 
• 
“Date of Activation of the Optimal Conversion Condition of the Convertible Bond” means the first 
date for which the “Conversion Price of the Convertible Bond” is greater than 250% of the par 
value of the Convertible Bond. 
• 
“Conversion Price of the Convertible Bond” is equal to the product of the closing price of the 
underlying share of the Convertible Bond multiplied by the conversion ratio of the Convertible 
Bond, as defined in the prospectus of the Convertible Bond.  
• 
“N” means the number of Business Days before the end of the period of conversion or exercise of 
the put to convert the Convertible Bond and as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
3. Reference Date of the Perpetual Bond  
Means the first of the following dates to occur:  
a. 
the Maturity Date of the Perpetual Bond as defined in the Final Terms if applicable; 
b. the day, if applicable, during which Exane Derivatives as holder of the Perpetual Bond should receive 
the Settlement Amount of the Perpetual Bond after exercise by the Company issuing the Perpetual

--- Page 292 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
292 
 
Bond of its option to redeem the Perpetual Bond in compliance with the prospectus of the Perpetual 
Bond; 
c. 
the Put Exercise Date of the Perpetual Bond, if it exits, as defined in the Final Terms. 
4. Reference Date of the Bond  
Means the first of the following dates to occur:  
a. 
the Maturity date of the Bond as defined in the Final Terms if applicable; 
b. the day, if applicable, during which Exane Derivatives as holder of the Bond should receive the 
Settlement Amount of the Bond after exercise by the Company issuing the Bond of its option to 
redeem the Bond i in compliance with the prospectus of the Bond; 
c. 
the Put Exercise Date of the Bond, if it exits, as defined in the Final Terms. 
5. Reference Date of the Contingent Bond  
Means the first of the following dates to occur:  
a. 
the Maturity date of the Contingent Bond as defined in the Final Terms if applicable; 
b. the day, if applicable, during which Exane Derivatives as holder of the Contingent Bond should 
receive the Settlement Amount of the Contingent Bond after exercise by the Company issuing the 
Contingent Bond of its option to redeem the Contingent Bond in compliance with the prospectus of 
the Contingent Bond; 
c. 
the day, if applicable, during which the Contingent Bond has been converted into shares in 
accordance with the prospectus of the Contigent Bond 
d. the Put Exercise Date of the Contingent Bond, if it exits, as defined in the Final Terms. 
6. Debt Instrument Market Bid Price 
The Debt Instrument Market Bid Price on the Valuation Date “t” corresponds to the net dirty bid price 
of the Debt Instrument (i.e. the resale price including the coupons accrued but net of all costs, taxes or 
fees) for the appropriate hedging size, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date t as 
follows (prior to the inclusion of the accrued coupon) :  
(i) 
the official value of the clean bid price (i.e. the resale price excluding accrued coupons) of the 
Debt Instrument published on the Exchange of the Debt Instrument at approximately 16:00 CET if 
the Debt Instrument is listed and if the official price is available and adequately reflects market 
conditions; otherwise 
(ii) 
the arithmetic average of the four (4) clean bid prices obtained from the 6 (six) most recent clean 
bid prices for the Debt Instrument (and for a “bid” size greater than zero) published on the 
Bloomberg “ALLQ” page for the Debt Instrument at approximately 16:00 CET, ignoring the 
highest price and the lowest price, if the six (6) prices are available and if the arithmetic average of 
the four (4) prices adequately reflects market conditions; otherwise  
(iii) 
the arithmetic average of the two (2) clean bid prices obtained from the 4 (four) most recent clean 
bid prices for the Debt Instrument (and for a “bid” size greater than zero) published on the 
Bloomberg “ALLQ” page for the Debt Instrument at approximately 16:00 CET, ignoring the 
highest price and the lowest price, if the four (4) prices are available and if the arithmetic average 
of the two (2) prices adequately reflects market conditions; otherwise 
(iv) 
the arithmetic average of the clean bid prices provided by at least two (2) market makers selected 
by the Calculation Agent for the Debt Instrument, or otherwise the clean bid price provided by the 
only leading market participant available; or otherwise 
(v) 
the price determined by the Calculation Agent at its sole discretion but in the interest of the holder 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
7. Final Price of the Contingent Bond 
Final Price of the Contingent Bond means for the underlying Contingent Bond the following amount:

--- Page 293 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
293 
 
 
(i) 
If the Contingent Bond has been redeemed at the Debt Instrument Maturity Date before the Final 
Valuation Date, the Final Price of the Contingent Bond shall be the redemption amount of the 
Contingent Bond at its maturity date (i.e. the Principal Final Redemption Amount Received of a 
Debt Instrument) and as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(ii) 
In the event where the Company issuing the Contingent Bond exercises its redemption option in 
accordance with the prospectus of the Contingent Bond before the Final Valuation Date, the Final 
Price of the Contingent Bond shall equal the redemption amount of the Contingent Bond 
(excluding final coupon) (i.e. the Early Redemption Amount of a Debt Instrument following a call 
by the Company issuing the Debt Instrument); 
(iii) 
In the event where the Contingent Bond has been converted into shares in accordance with the 
prospectus of the Contingent Bond before the Final Valuation Date, the Final Price of the 
Contingent Bond shall equal the Sale Price of the Shares Received by Exane Derivatives as the 
holder of the Contingent Bond. 
 
(iv) 
If on the Final Valuation Date, the Contingent Bond has not been redeemed at the Maturity Date of 
the Contingent Bond and the Company issuing the Contingent Bond has not exercised its 
redemption option in accordance with the prospectus of the Contingent Bond and the Contingent 
Bond has not been converted into shares, the Final Price of the Contingent Bond shall be the Debt 
Instrument Market Bid Price on the Final Valuation Date, 
 
In the event where the redemption amount of the Contingent Bond or Sale Price of the Shares Received by 
Exane Derivatives as the holder of the Contingent Bond before the Final Valuation Date (as defined in the 
Final Terms), the net amount will be capitalised between the date of receipt of the said amount by Exane 
Derivatives and the Final Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Contingent Bond defined in 
the Applicable Conditions 
8. Price of the Contingent Bond on a Valuation Date 
Price of the Contingent Bond on a Valaution Date means for the underlying Contingent Bond the following 
amount:  
i. 
If the Contingent Bond has been redeemed at the Maturity Date of the Contingent Bond, the Price 
of the Contingent Bond on a Valuation Date shall be the redemption amount of the Contingent 
Bond at its maturity date (i.e. the Principal Redemption Amount Received of a Debt Instrument) 
and as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
 
ii. 
In the event where the Company issuing the Contingent Bond exercises its redemption option in 
accordance with the prospectus of the Contingent Bond before the Valuation Date, the Price of the 
Contingent Bond on a Valuation Date shall equal the redemption amount of the Contingent Bond 
(excluding final coupon) (i.e. the Early Redemption Amount of a Debt Instrument following a call 
by the Company issuing the Debt Instrument); 
 
iii. 
In the event where the Contingent Bond has been converted into shares in accordance with the 
prospectus of the Contingent Bond before the Valuation Date, the Price of the Contingent Bond on 
a Valuation Date shall equal the Sale Price of the Shares Received by Exane Derivatives as the 
holder of the Contingent Bond. 
 
iv. 
If on the Valuation Date, the Contingent Bond has not been redeemed at the Maturity Date of the 
Contingent Bond and the Company issuing the Contingent Bond has not exercised its redemption 
option in accordance with the prospectus of the Contingent Bond and the Contingent Bond has not 
been converted into shares, the Price of the Contingent Bond on a Valuation Date shall be the Debt 
Instrument Market Bid Price on the Valuation Date, 
 
In the event where the redemption amount of the Contingent Bond or Sale Price of the Shares Received by 
Exane Derivatives as the holder of the Contingent Bond before the Valuation Date (as defined in the Final

--- Page 294 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
294 
 
Terms), the net amount will be capitalised between the date of receipt of the said amount by Exane Derivatives 
and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Contingent Bond defined in the Final Terms. 
9. Final Price of the Convertible Bond 
Final Price of the Convertible Bond means for the underlying convertible bond the following amount:  
(i) 
If case (i) or (iv) of the definition of the Reference Date of the Convertible Bond applies, the Final 
Price of the Convertible Bond shall be the redemption amount of the Convertible Bond on the 
Debt Instrument Maturity Date (i.e. the Principal Redemption Amount Received of a Debt 
Instrument). 
(ii) 
If on the Final Valuation Date, the Convertible Bond has not been redeemed at the Maturity Date 
of the Convertible Bond and the Company issuing the Convertible Bond has not exerced its 
redemption option in accordance with the prospectus of the Convertible Bond, the Final Price of 
the Convertible Bond shall be the Debt Instrument Market Bid Price on the Final Valuation Date. 
(iii) 
If case (ii), (iii) or (v) of the definition of the Reference Date of the Convertible Bond applies, the 
Final Price of the Convertible Bond shall be the Sale Price of the Shares Received by Exane 
Derivatives as the holder of the Convertible Bond, such holder having exercised its right of 
conversion on the relevant Date of Activation of the Conversion Condition.  
In the event where the redemption amount of the Convertible Bond or Sale Price of the Shares Received by a 
holder of the Convertible Bond before the Final Valuation Date (as defined in the Final Terms), the net amount 
will be capitalized between the date of receipt of the said amount by Exane Derivatives and the Final Valuation 
Date at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Convertible Bond defined in the Applicable Conditions. 
10. Price of the Convertible Bond on a Valuation Date 
Price of the Convertible Bond on a Valaution Date means for the underlying convertible bond the following 
amount:  
(i) 
If case (i) or (iv) of the definition of the Reference Date of the Convertible Bond applies, the Price 
of the Convertible Bond on a Valuation Date shall be the redemption amount of the Convertible 
Bond on the Debt Instrument Maturity Date (i.e. the Principal Redemption Amount Received of a 
Debt Instrument). 
(ii) 
If on the Valuation Date, the Convertible Bond has not been redeemed at the Maturity Date of the 
Convertible Bond and the Company issuing the Convertible Bond has not exerced its redemption 
option in accordance with the prospectus of the Convertible Bond, the Price of the Convertible 
Bond on a Valuation Date shall be the Debt Instrument Market Bid Price on the Valuation Date. 
(iii) 
If case (ii), (iii) or (v) of the definition of the Reference Date of the Convertible Bond applies, the 
Price of the Convertible Bond on a Valuation Date shall be the Sale Price of the Shares Received 
by a holder of the Convertible Bond, such holder having exercised its right of conversion on the 
relevant Date of Activation of the Conversion Condition.  
In the event where the redemption amount of the Convertible Bond or Sale Price of the Shares Received by 
Exane Derivatives as the holder of the Convertible Bond before the Valuation Date (as defined in the Final 
Terms), the net amount will be capitalized between the date of receipt of the said amount by Exane Derivatives 
and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Convertible Bond defined in the Final Terms.  
11. Final Price of the Perpetual Bond 
In the event where the Company issuing the Perpetual Bond exercises its redemption option in accordance with 
the prospectus of the Perpetual Bond before the Final Valuation Date, the Final Price of the Perpetual Bond 
shall equal the redemption amount of the Perpetual Bond (excluding final coupon). This net amount will be 
capitalized at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Perpetual Bond between the date of receipt of the said 
amount by Exane Derivatives and the Final Valuation Date. 
Otherwise, the Final Price of the Perpetual Bond shall be equal to the Market Bid Price of the Debt Instrument 
on the Final Valuation Date. 
12. Price of the Perpetual Bond on a Valuation Date

--- Page 295 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
295 
 
In the event where the Company issuing the Perpetual Bond exercises its redemption option in accordance with 
the prospectus of the Perpetual Bond before the Valuation Date, the Price of the Perpetual Bond on a Valuation 
Date shall equal the redemption amount of the Perpetual Bond (excluding final coupon). This net amount will 
be capitalized at the Capitalisation Rate of the Perpetual Bond between the date of receipt of the said amount 
by Exane Derivatives and the Valuation Date. 
Otherwise, the Price of the Perpetual Bond on a Valuation Date shall be equal to the Market Bid Price of the 
Debt Instrument on the Valuation Date. 
13. Final Price of the Debt Instrument 
The Final Price of the Debt Instrument corresponds to the redemption amount of the Debt Instrument 
(excluding final coupon) (i.e. the Principal Final Redemption Amount Received of a Debt Instrument). This net 
amount will be capitalized at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Debt Instrument between the date of 
receipt of the said amount by Exane Derivatives and the Final Valuation Date. 
14. Price of the Debt Instrument on a Valuation Date 
(i) 
If the Debt Instrument has been redeemed at the Debt Instrument Maturity Date before the Valuation 
Date, the Price of the Debt Instrument on a Valuation Date shall be the redemption amount of the Debt 
Instrument Maturity Date (i.e. the Principal Final Redemption Amount Received of a Debt Instrument) as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(ii) 
In the event where the Company issuing the Debt Instrument exercises its redemption option in 
accordance with the prospectus of the Debt Instrument before the Valuation Date, the Price of the Debt 
Instrument on a Valuation Date shall equal the redemption amount of the Debt Instrument (excluding final 
coupon) (i.e. the Early Redemption Amount of a Debt Instrument following a call by the Company issuing the 
Debt Instrument); 
 
(iii) 
If on the Valuation Date, the Debt Instrument has not been redeemed at the Maturity Date of the Debt 
Instrument and the Company issuing the Debt Instrument has not exercised its redemption option in 
accordance with the prospectus of the Debt Instrument, the Price of the Debt Instrument on a Valuation Date 
shall be the Debt Instrument Market Bid Price on the Valuation Date, 
In the event where the redemption amount of the Debt Instrument is received by Exane Derivatives before the 
Valuation Date as defined in the Final Terms, the net amount will be capitalised between the date of receipt of 
the said amount by Exane Derivatives and the Valuation Date at the Capitalisation Rate of the relevant Debt 
Instrument defined in the Final Terms 
15. Gross Debt Instrument Coupon  
The Gross Debt Instrument Coupon is the coupon as described in the prospectus of the Debt Instrument. 
16. Sum of the Gross Debt Instrument Coupons  
The Sum of the Debt Instrument coupons over the period means the sum of the Gross Debt Instrument 
Coupons between the Period Commencement Date (exclusive or inclusive) and the Period End Date (exclusive 
or inclusive), as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
17. Sum of the Gross Debt Instrument Coupons Capitalised at Bond Yield  
The Sum of the Gross Debt Instrument Coupons Capitalised at Bond Yield over the period means the 
capitalised sum of the Gross Debt Instrument Coupons planned to be paid between the Period Commencement 
Date (exclusive or inclusive) and the Period End Date (exclusive or inclusive) in accordance with the Debt 
Instrument prospectus, When calculating this capitalised sum, each Gross Coupon is capitalised between the 
date of the Gross Coupon and the Period End Date at a rate equal to a Bond Yield. This Bond Yield is the bond 
yield as defined in the applicable Final Terms, (with a Bloomberg reference, or any other description). The 
capitalization formula shall be defined in the Final Terms. 
 
18. Number of Liquidated Debt Instrumentd at a Valuation Date

--- Page 296 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
296 
 
means the number of Debt Instruments that have been liquidated on or before the Valuation Date t by the 
application of the Liquidation Method as the applicable adjustment method  
19. Debt Instrument Coupon  
The Debt Instrument Coupon means the amount of the net coupon received by Exane Derivatives in its 
capacity as holder of the Debt Instrument. 
20. Sum of the Debt Instrument Coupons  
The Sum of the Debt Instrument coupons over the period means the sum of the Debt Instrument Coupons 
received by Exane Derivatives between the Period Commencement Date (exclusive or inclusive) and the 
Period End Date (exclusive or inclusive), as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
21.  Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons  
The Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons means the sum of the Debt Instrument Coupons received 
by Exane Derivatives between the Period Commencement Date (exclusive or inclusive) and the Period End 
Date (exclusive or inclusive), as defined in the applicable Final Terms, and capitalized between their date of 
receipt by Exane Derivatives and the Period End Date at the Capitalisation Rate as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
22. Basket Debt Instrument Flow 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow on a Valuation Date t is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡
𝑃𝑖
0) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
 
23. Basket Debt Instrument Flow with FX Rate 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow on a Valuation Date t is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡
𝑃𝑖
0 ×
𝐹𝑋𝑖
𝑡
𝐹𝑋𝑖
0) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
 
24. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow 
 
The Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow on a Valuation Date t is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡
𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖)

--- Page 297 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
297 
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value  
 
25. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with FX Rate 
 
The Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with FX Rate on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
∑𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× ( 𝑃𝑖
𝑡
𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖
× 𝐹𝑋𝑖
𝑡
𝐹𝑋𝑖
0) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value  
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
 
26. Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons on a Valuation Date t is equal to ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡+ ∑𝐶𝑖
𝑃𝑖
0
) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
 
 
27. Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons and FX Rate 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons and FX Rate on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
 ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡+ ∑𝐶𝑖
𝑃𝑖
0
×
𝐹𝑋𝑖
𝑡
𝐹𝑋𝑖
0) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Term

--- Page 298 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
298 
 
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Debt Instrument Price (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
28. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons  
 
The Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
 ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡+ ∑𝐶𝑖
𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Term  
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value 𝑷𝒊
𝒕 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) 
on the Initial Valuation Date t 
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
 
29. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons and FX Rate  
 
The Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons and FX Rate on a Valuation Date t is equal to 
 ∑
𝑤𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
× (
𝑃𝑖
𝑡+ ∑𝐶𝑖
𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖×
𝐹𝑋𝑖
𝑡
𝐹𝑋𝑖
0) 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
Pti means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value  
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
 
 
30. Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is equal to  
∑𝐰𝐢(𝐏𝐢
𝐏𝐢
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕
𝐏𝐣
𝟎
)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢

--- Page 299 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
299 
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
 
31. Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method with FX Rate 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is equal to  
∑𝐰𝐢(𝐏𝐢
𝐏𝐢
𝟎× 𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕
𝐏𝐣
𝟎
×
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
FXtj means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Initial Valuation Date 
32. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method 
 
The Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is 
equal to

--- Page 300 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
300 
 
∑𝐰𝐢(
𝐏𝐢
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐢
)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐣
)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (iNominal Value 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
33. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method with FX Rate 
 
The Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is 
equal to  
∑𝐰𝐢(
𝐏𝐢
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐢
× 𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐣
×
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
FXtj means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Initial Valuation Date 
34. Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method

--- Page 301 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
301 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is 
equal to ∑
𝐰𝐢(
𝐏𝐢+∑𝐂𝐢
𝐏𝐢
𝟎
)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑
𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣×𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕+∑𝐂𝐣
𝐏𝐣
𝟎
)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
 
35. Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method with FX Rate 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is 
equal to 
∑𝐰𝐢(𝐏𝐢+ ∑𝐂𝐢
𝐏𝐢
𝟎
× 𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕+ ∑𝐂𝐣
𝐏𝐣
𝟎
×
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Term  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑷𝒊
𝟎 means the price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
FXtj means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Initial Valuation Date

--- Page 302 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
302 
 
36. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is 
equal to 
∑𝐰𝐢(𝐏𝐢+ ∑𝐂𝐢
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐢
)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕+ ∑𝐂𝐣
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐣
)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value  
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
 
37. Nominal Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method with FX 
Rate 
 
The Basket Debt Instrument Flow with Coupons Upon Liquidation Adjustment Method on a Valuation Date t is 
equal to 
∑𝐰𝐢(𝐏𝐢+ ∑𝐂𝐢
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐢
× 𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐢=𝟏
𝐢≠𝐣
+ ∑𝐰𝐣(
𝐋𝐣× 𝐌𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐃𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝒕+ ∑𝐂𝐣
𝑵𝒐𝒎𝐣
×
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝒕
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎)
𝐍
𝐣=𝟏
𝐣≠𝐢
 
 
Where:  
N, wi are defined in the Final Terms  
j means the integer number of the Debt Instrument for which an Event occurred 
Pi means the Price of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝐍𝐨𝐦𝐢 means the Debt Instrument (i) Nominal Value  
∑𝑪𝒊 means the Sum of the Capitalised Debt Instrument Coupons of the Debt Instrument (i) 
Lj is the proceeds of the relevant Debt Instrument (j) received by Exane Derivatives in its capacity as holder of 
such Debt Instrument (j) and which shall be net of all fees, costs and taxes 
MonetaryDrivert’ means a Value which reflects the ratio of an asset as specified in the Final Terms 
(MonetaryDrivert’ may be equal to the Ratio of a monetary index between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or a

--- Page 303 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
303 
 
Composite Capitalized Value, Linear Capitalized Value, Iterative Composite Capitalized Value, or Iterative 
Linear Capitalized Value between the Valuation Dates t and t’; or 1) 
FXti means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒊
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (i) on the Initial Valuation Date 
FXtj means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Valuation Date t 
𝑭𝑿𝒋
𝟎 means the Foreign Exchange Rate of the Debt Instrument (j) on the Initial Valuation Date 
 
 
 
V. 
COUPONS 
A. Indexed coupon 
1. Coupon Indexed to a Value 
Means a coupons paid by the Security and equal to a Value as specified in the Final Terms.  
2. Coupon Floored to the Previous Coupon 
Means a coupon paid by the Security which will be equal to the greater of the theoretical coupon and the 
previous coupon t-1 as per the Financial Definition of Floored Value. 
Where: 
 TheoreticalCoupont means the fixed, floating or indexed coupon as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. Coupon Capped to the Previous Coupon 
Means a coupon paid by the Security which will be equal to the lesser of the Theoretical Coupont and the 
previous coupont-1, as per the Financial Definition of Capped Value. 
TheoreticalCoupont means the fixed, floating or indexed coupon as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. Conditional Coupon 
Means an indexed coupon, the payment of which is subject to one or several Condition(s) defined in the Final 
Terms: if the Condition(s) is (are) met, the amount paid in respect of the Conditional Coupon will be equal to 
different Values as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. Tempo Coupon  
Means a coupon paid by the Security, depending on Conditions and Values for different Valuations Dates 
which enables any previous unpaid coupons to be recovered, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Applicable Condition for the Tempo Coupont is met: 
Coupont = Sum of Theoretical Couponst – Sum of Coupons paidt-1 
If the Applicable Condition for the Tempo Coupont is not met: 
Coupont = zero 
 
Where: 
Sum of Theoretical Couponst means the sum of the coupons, determined on all Valuation Date up

--- Page 304 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
304 
 
to the Valuation Date t, which would have been paid notwithstanding their respective Applicable Condition. 
6. Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula:  
Coupont = Max(0; Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1) 
7. Capped and Floored Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula: 
Coupont = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1)) 
Floor and Cap are defined in the applicable Final Terms 
8. Capped Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula: 
Coupont = Min(Cap; Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1) 
Cap is defined in the applicable Final Terms 
9. Floored Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula: 
Coupont = Max(Floor; Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1) 
Floor is defined in the applicable Final Terms 
10. Capped and Floored Indexed Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula: 
Coupont = Max(Floor; Min(Cap; Participation x Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1)) 
Participation, Floor and Cap are defined in the applicable Final Terms 
11. Capped Indexed Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula: 
Coupont = Min(Cap; Participation x Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1) 
Participation and Cap is defined in the applicable Final Terms 
12. Floored Indexed Performance Detached Coupon  
Means an indexed coupon the amount of which is calculated by reference to a Value defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, according to the following formula: 
Coupont = Max(Floor; Participation x Valuet – Sum of Coupon Paidt-1) 
Participation and Floor are defined in the applicable Final Terms 
13. Fixed Coupon 
Means a coupon defined as a fixed amount or percentage in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 305 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
305 
 
14. Sum of Coupon Paid 
Means the sum of the coupons that have already been determined and paid before the Valuation Date. 
Sum of Coupons Paidt = Coupon1+…+ Coupont 
By convention:  
Sum of Coupons Paid0 = 0 
Where  
Coupont means the coupon paid on the Interest Payment Date t defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
B. Incremental Coupon 
Incremental Interest Rate means, for any Period, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed in the 
form of a percentage, equal (unless stipulated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) to the number of Trigger 
Days included in this Period, divided by the number of Monitoring Days included in this Period. 
Monitoring Day means, for any Period, any day included in this Monitoring Period which is (unless stipulated 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) a Scheduled Trading Day. Unless stipulated otherwise in the applicable 
Final Terms, if a Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day, such Monitoring Day will be deemed not to be a 
Monitoring Day and it will therefore not be taken into account in determining the Number of Monitoring Days 
and the Number of Trigger Days. 
Period means any period that begins on any Reference Date (not inclusive) and ends on the next Reference Date 
(inclusive), it being specified, for the avoidance of doubt, that the first Monitoring Period will begin on the first 
Reference Date (not inclusive) and the last Monitoring Period will end on the last Reference Date (inclusive). 
Number of Monitoring Days means, for any Period, the number of Monitoring Days included in this Period. 
Number of Trigger Days means, for any Period, the number of Monitoring Days included in this Period which 
are Trigger Days. 
Reference Dates means the Dates as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, if one of these dates is not a 
Monitoring Day, the next Monitoring Day. 
Trigger Day means any Monitoring Day where the Price of the Underlying, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the Trigger Valuation Time, on the relevant Exchange on such Monitoring Day, is, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or 
equal to” the Trigger Price. 
Trigger Price means the Price of the Underlying as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trigger Valuation Time means the time or period of time, on any Monitoring Day, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if the applicable Final Terms do not specify any Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger 
Valuation Time will be the Valuation Time. 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the Incremental Interest clause applies, the provisions of this 
Condition will apply to every Interest Amount and/or Settlement Amount, subject to determining the applicable 
Incremental Interest Rate.

--- Page 306 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
306 
 
VI. 
SETTLEMENT 
A. Final Settlement  
1. Fixed Settlement Amount 
Means a Security settlement amount on the Maturity Date and as defined in the applicable Final Terms. It can 
be either a fixed amount or a fixed percentage of the Nominal Value of the Securities. 
Examples: Settlement at 1,000 EUR or Settlement at 90% x Nominal Value 
2. Bond Backed Settlement Amount 
Means a Security settlement amount on the Maturity Date equal to the product of the Quantity of Backed 
Bonds and the Final Settlement Amount of a Debt Instrument (Coupon Included), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
3. Delta One Settlement Amount 
Means a Security settlement amount on the Maturity Date calculated from the Value(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Example: Basket of fixed term Bonds with foreign exchange hedging  
Value (of the Delta One Settlement Amount) = Added Costs Net Value 
 
- 
Value of Added Cost Net Value : Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging (definition 2) 
 
(a) Foreign Exchange Rate(of the Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging): EUR/USD 
(b) Value (of the Strategy with Static Foreign Exchange Hedging): Weighted Basket Value 
• 
Components of the Weighted Basket: Ratios (Value (1) divided by Value (2) 
- 
Value (1) of the Ratio: Sum of Value (a) and Value (b)  
• 
Value(a): Final Price of the Bond  
• 
Value(b): Sum of Capitalised Coupons of the Bond  
• 
Capitalised Rate of the Sum of Capitalised Coupons of the Bond 
- 
Value (2) of the Ratio: Initial Price of the Bond 
➢ Weightings the Weighted Basket: To be determined  
- 
Added Costs (of the Net Added Costs Strategy): 1% 
4. Indexed Settlement Amount  
Means a Security settlement amount on the Maturity Date equal to the product of the Indexation and the 
Indexation Formula specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Example for a Leverage Security:  
Indexed Settlement Amount = Indexation x Indexation Formula: 200% x Max(Value – Strike; 0)  
With 
Indexation (of the Indexed Settlement Amount): 200% 
Indexation Formula (of the Indexed Settlement Amount): Call 
Value of the Call: Closing Price of Share X on the Final Valuation Date 
Strike: 50% of the Closing Price of Share X on the Initial Valuation Date 
5. Conditional Settlement Amount

--- Page 307 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
307 
 
Means a settlement amount of the Security at the Maturity Date dependent on an Applicable Condition defined 
in the applicable Final Terms (i.e. the settlement amount shall be the Final Settlement Amount A if the 
Applicable Condition is met, otherwise the settlement amount shall be the Final Settlement Amount B).  
Each Final Settlement Amount A and B shall be a Final Settlement Amount as defined in the Technical Annex. 
6. Composite Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount defined by one or more Values. 
7. Combined Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount defined by several Settlement Amounts. 
 
B. Early Settlement 
1. Fixed Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount of a Security on the Automatic Early Settlement Date or the Optional Settlement 
Date and as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. Bond Backed Settlement Amount 
Means a settlement amount of a Security on the Automatic Early Settlement Date or the Optional Settlement 
Date equal to the product of the Quantity of Backed Bonds and the Final Settlement Amount of a Bond 
(Coupon Included), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. Delta One Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount of a Security on the Automatic Early Settlement Date or the Optional Settlement 
Date calculated from the Value(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. Indexed Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount of a Security on the Automatic Early Settlement Date or the Optional Settlement 
Date equal to the product of the Indexation and the Indexation Formula specified in the applicable Final Terms 
5.  Conditional Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount of a Security at the Automatic Early Settlement Date or the Optional Settlement 
Date dependent on an Applicable Condition defined in the applicable Final Terms 
6.  Composite Settlement Amount  
Means a settlement amount defined by one or more Values. 
7. Combined Settlement Amount  
 
Means a settlement amount defined by several Settlement Amounts.

--- Page 308 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
308 
 
DYNAMIC PORTFOLIOS 
ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS FOR DYNAMIC PORTFOLIOS 
Introduction 
 
This document describes the general principle and how the Dynamic Portfolios are calculated (the General 
Methodology). It should be read in conjunction with the specific methodologies for each Dynamic Portfolio 
(individually the Specific Methodology and collectively the Methodologies). 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodologies, Exane Derivatives acts as both the sponsor (the Portfolio 
Sponsor) and the calculation agent (the Portfolio Calculation Agent) for the Dynamic Portfolios. 
 
1. 
Definitions 
 
Base Currency  
refers to the currency in which the Dynamic Portfolio is denominated, as specified in 
each Specific Methodology. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
means, when applicable, the Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 ((EU) 2016/1011 
 
BGN 
means the Bloomberg Generic Pricing last price for the Debt Security Instrument  
 
BVAL  
means the mid Reference Price of the current Debt Instrument as published on the 
Bloomberg Page HP (Historical Price- Source BVAL) and corresponding to the 
Bloomberg Valuation for the Debt Security Instrument 
 
Calculation Date 
refers to an Exchange Business Day where more than seventy-five per cent (75%) or 
on any other percentage as mentioned in the Specific Methodology of the Reference 
Prices of Portfolio Components are obtained by the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
according to the method detailed in Appendix 1, paragraph 2 and that is a TARGET 
2 Business Day. 
CBBT 
means the Composite Bloomberg Bond Trader last price as published on the 
Bloomberg Page ALLQ for the Debt Security Instrument. 
Constant  
refers to a fixed number, associated to an eligible currency, which can belong to the 
Dynamic Portfolio in the same way as a Portfolio Component, although without 
being an Instrument (Equity, Fund, Index, Futures Contract or Debt Security). 
Creation Date 
refers to the date of creation of a Dynamic Portfolio and as specified in each Specific 
Methodology. 
Creation Value 
refers to the value of the Dynamic Portfolio at the Creation Date. 
 
 
Debt Instrument Bankruptcy  
means a Company (the issuer of the Debt Security Instrument) which (a) is 
dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b)

--- Page 309 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
309 
 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to 
pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (d) institutes or has instituted 
against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the 
entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a 
resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject 
to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its 
assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or 
has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained, in each case within thirty (30) calendar days thereafter; or (h) causes or 
is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) to 
(g) (inclusive). 
 
Debt Security Instrument 
refers to any financial instrument (including a bond, a convertible bond or a 
perpetual bond) or any debt securities that confer the same creditor right for the 
same nominal value or representing a right of claim over the legal entity that issued 
such instrument that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
Debt Security Instrument 
Execution Price 
refers to price of the Debt Security Instrument duly executed by Exane Derivatives 
on a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
Depositary  
means the entity acting as depositary of the Fund. 
Deposit Agreement  
means the contract or other financial instrument constituting the Depository Receipt, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 
 
Equity Instrument 
refers to a share or, as applicable, an ordinary share in the company’s capital, a 
depository receipt representing ownership of the underlying share (a Depository 
Receipt), or a share in an exchange traded fund (an ETF or Exchange Traded 
Fund) that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio, each being issued by a company (a 
Company). 
 
Equity Instrument Clearing

--- Page 310 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
310 
 
System  
means the principal domestic clearing system normally used to settle transactions on 
the Equity Instrument at the relevant time, as determined in good faith by the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
 
Equity Instrument Clearing  
System Business Day 
means any day on which the Equity Instrument Clearing System is open (or would 
have been open, but for the occurrence of an Equity Instrument Clearing System 
Settlement Disruption Event) for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
 
Equity Instrument Clearing 
System Settlement Disruption 
Event  
means an event outside the control of the Issuer, as a result of which (i) the Equity 
Instrument Clearing System cannot clear the transfer of the Equity Instrument or (ii) 
the Equity Instrument Clearing System ceases to clear all or any of its shares. 
 
Equity Instrument Execution  
Price 
Refers either to: 
- 
the VWAP of the Equity Instrument (i.e. the volume weighted average price of 
the Equity Instrument, provided that such arithmetic average shall include the 
opening price and the closing price, without any regard to pre-open or after 
hours trading). The VWAP of the relevant Equity Instrument is available on 
the AQR Bloomberg page of the Equity Instrument and based on a Scheduled 
Trading Day from the opening time to the closing time of the principal 
relevant exchange. If such price is not available on the Rebalancing Date or is, 
in the Portfolio Calculation Agent’s reasonable discretion, inappropriate, the 
VWAP shall be determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent in a reasonable 
commercially manner; Or  
- 
the official closing price of the Equity Instrument, converted into the Base 
Currency of the Dynamic Portfolio as the case may be, as the applicable 
Reference Price of the Equity Instrument; Or 
- 
the communication of a limit order to the Portfolio Calculation Agent that will 
be valid only on a single Calculation Date. If the limit order is only partially 
executed by the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Calculation Agent will adjust 
the quantity or weight of the Equity Instrument accordingly. If there is not 
enough cash available to fully execute the order, the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent will execute the order according to the available cash.  
 
ETF Administrator  
means the administrator, trustee or similar person with principal administrative 
responsibility for such ETF, as determined in good faith by the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent. 
ETF Advisor  
means the person appointed to act as investment manager or investment adviser of 
the ETF, as determined in good faith by the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
ETF Underlying Index  
means the reference index to which such ETF is linked, as determined in good faith 
by the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
Event Effective Date 
means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent. 
Exchange Business Day 
means any: 
 
(i) Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference Market and the related exchange 
(if any) of an Equity Instrument, a Debt Security Instrument or an Index Instrument

--- Page 311 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
311 
 
(for mono-exchange index only), as the case may be, are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session, notwithstanding such Market Reference or 
related exchange closing prior to its scheduled weekday closing time on such date, 
without regards to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
sessions; and/or 
 
(ii) Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference Market of a Futures Contract 
Instrument or a Listed Option Instrument is open for trading during its regular 
trading session, notwithstanding the Reference Market closing prior to its scheduled 
weekday closing time on such date, without regards to after-hours or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(iii) date on which a valid order may be executed by a hypothetical investor based on 
the Fund document in force on the Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio; and/or  
 
(iv) Scheduled Trading Day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for multi-
exchange index only) publishes the level of the Index Instrument and the related 
exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such 
related exchange closing prior to its scheduled weekday closing time on such date, 
without regards to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
sessions and/or 
 
(v) Scheduled Trading Day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for 
Proprietary Index only) publishes the level of the Index Instrument and/or. 
 
(vi) in any other circumstances and for FX Instruments, OTC Derivatives 
Instruments or Dynamic Portfolio Instruments, Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
commercial banks are open and the foreign exchange markets are operating in Paris 
–France. 
Execution Price 
refers to the price of execution of a Portfolio Component which use is described into 
Appendix 1 here below.  
Fund  
means any collective investment scheme or structure governed by French or foreign 
law, or any sub-fund of a collective investment scheme or structure governed by 
French or foreign law. 
 
Fund Adviser  
means any person authorised to act as discretionary investment manager or non-
discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser 
of a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for the 
Fund 
Fund Instrument 
refers any share or unit of a collective investment scheme or structure governed by 
French or foreign law, or any sub-fund of a collective investment scheme or 
structure governed by French or foreign law that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio. 
Fund Service Provider  
means, in respect to any Fund, any person or entity who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund 
Documents, including any fund adviser, fund administrator, manager, trustee, 
auditor or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such 
Fund, operator, management company, depositary, custodian, subcustodian, prime 
broker, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent. 
Futures Contract Instrument 
refers to a futures contract that forms parts of a Dynamic Portfolio.

--- Page 312 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
312 
 
Futures Contract Underlying  
means, in respect of the relevant Futures Contract instrument, the index(ices), 
share(s), debt instrument(s) or commodity(ies). 
FX Instrument  
refers to any exchange rate that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio.   
Futures Execution Price 
means, in case of an intraday execution of a Futures Contract Instrument (total or 
partial unwind, new or increase of the exposure), the price of a Futures Contract 
Instrument duly confirmed by e-mail by the Portfolio Advisor and that may differ 
from the indicative price provided by the Portfolio Calculation Agent  
Hypothetical Investor  
means any hypothetical or real investor (as determined by the  Portfolio Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Instrument, who is deemed 
to have the rights and obligations, as specified in the relevant Fund Documents, of 
an investor holding a Fund Instrument on the relevant date. The Portfolio 
Calculation Agent may assume that the Hypothetical Investor is resident in a 
jurisdiction or incorporated in a jurisdiction, and that it is, without limitation, the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Portfolio Calculation Agent or any of their 
affiliates (as the Portfolio Calculation Agent may determine in the context of the 
relevant situation). 
 
Index Instrument  
refers to an index that forms part of a Dynamic Portfolio (which may include, for the 
avoidance of doubt, reference indices (a mono-exchange index, a multi-exchanges 
index), currency hedge indices, monetary indices or an Exane Index (for this latter 
and the sake of clarity, it will be named in the relevant following paragraphs as a 
“Proprietary Index”).  
Listed Option Instrument  
refers to a listed option that forms parts of a Dynamic Portfolio. 
Listed Option Execution Price 
means, in case of an intraday execution of a Listed Option Instrument (total or 
partial unwind, new or increase of the exposure), the price of a Kisted Option 
Instrument duly confirmed by e-mail by the Portfolio Advisor and that may differ 
from the indicative price provided by the Portfolio Calculation Agent  
 
 
Maintenance Fees 
refers to the fees required by the Portfolio Sponsor for the appropriate execution of 
the administration of the Dynamic Portfolio and as specified into the Specific 
Methodology. 
Management Company  
means the entity acting as management company for the relevant Fund Instrument. 
Net Asset Value  
means, in respect of a Fund, the net asset value of the Fund Instrument, as calculated 
and published by any of its Fund Service Provider on the relevant date, it being 
specified that the Portfolio Calculation Agent may adjust the net asset value of the 
Fund Instrument to reflect, without duplication, the portion borne by the Fund 
Instrument of all costs, commissions, expenses, charges, duties, taxes or deductions 
that may be payable and/or incurred in connection with the subscription or 
settlement of this Fund Instrument. 
 
New Debt Security Instrument  means securities of the new company in the event of a Merger or securities resulting 
from Spin-Off (as applicable). Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible 
after the Event Effective Date, by reference to the applicable exchange parity, it

--- Page 313 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
313 
 
being understood that, in the event that the original securities must be substituted for 
several different categories of securities, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may decide 
to substitute for the relevant securities one (or more) of such securities (the Selected 
Security(ies)). In this case, the value of the security or securities not selected (the 
Excluded Security(ies)) shall be expressed as a number or a fraction of a number of 
one (or more) of the Selected Security(ies), at the Portfolio Calculation Agent’s 
choice, which shall be calculated by the Portfolio Calculation Agent on the basis of 
the official closing price of both the Selected Security or Securities and the Excluded 
Securities, recorded simultaneously on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted 
security or securities include one or more unlisted securities, the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market value of such unlisted security or 
securities on the Event Effective Date. 
New Equity Instrument 
mean the securities exchanged or offered for Equity Instruments pursuant to a 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer, the securities of the new company or new fund in the 
case of a Merger or the securities resulting from a Spin-off (as the case may be). 
Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, by 
reference to the applicable exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event 
that the original securities must be substituted for several different categories of 
securities, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for the relevant 
securities one (or more) of such securities (the Selected Security(ies)). In this case, 
the value of the security or securities not selected (the Excluded Security(ies)) shall 
be expressed as a number or a fraction of a number of one (or more) of the Selected 
Security(ies), at the Portfolio Calculation Agent’s choice, which shall be calculated 
by the Portfolio Calculation Agent on the basis of the official closing price of both 
the Selected Security or Securities and the Excluded Securities, recorded 
simultaneously on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted security or securities 
include one or more unlisted securities, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall 
determine the fair market value of such unlisted security or securities on the Event 
Effective Date. 
New Fund Instrument  
means the unit or securities of the new fund in the case of a Merger or the unit or 
security resulting from a Spin-off (as the case may be), received upon such Event by 
a holder of Fund Instruments prior to such Event. Any substitution shall be made as 
soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, by reference to the applicable 
exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event that the original unit or 
security must be substituted for several different categories of units or shares, the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for the relevant units or 
securities res one (or more) of such units or securities (the Selected Fund 
Instrument (s)). In this case, the value of the unit(s) or security(ies) not selected 
(the Excluded Fund Instrument (s)) shall be expressed as a number or a fraction of 
a number of one (or more) of the Selected Fund Instrument(s), at the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent’s choice, which shall be calculated by the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent on the basis of the executed level for an Hypothetical Investor of both the 
Selected Fund Instrument(s) and the Excluded Fund Instrument(s), recorded 
simultaneously on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted unit(s) or share(s) 
include one or more unit(s) or share(s) with no executed level for an Hypothetical 
Investor, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market value of 
such unit(s) or share(s) on the Event Effective Date. 
Number of Rebalancing Days 
refers to the number of Calculation Dates over which the composition of a Dynamic 
Portfolio is modified following a Rebalancing Trigger. Unless otherwise specified in 
the Specific Methodology of the Dynamic Portfolio, it is equal to one.

--- Page 314 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
314 
 
Operational Committee 
consisting of members representing structuring team, legal, risk, compliance 
departments of the Portfolio Sponsor that meets each quarter a year to determine 
whether the Portfolio Components continue to comply with the strategy of the 
relevant Dynamic Portfolio and if the method used should continue to be applied 
identically. Otherwise, the Operational Committee may decide to modify, add or 
remove a Portfolio Component and/or adapt the Methodology when the Technical 
Committee has not the necessary expertise to do it. 
 
OTC Derivatives Instruments  
(a) any transaction (including an agreement with respect to any such transaction) 
which is a rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, 
commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity 
index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap 
transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-
currency rate swap transaction, currency option, credit protection transaction, credit 
swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread 
transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back 
transaction, 
securities 
lending 
transaction, 
weather index 
transaction 
or  
forward purchase or sale of a security, commodity or other financial instrument or 
interest (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) or (ii) which 
is a type of transaction that is similar to any transaction referred to in clause (i) 
above that is currently, or in the future becomes, recurrently entered into in the 
financial markets (including terms and conditions incorporated by reference in such 
agreement) and which is a forward, swap, future, option or other derivative on one 
or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity securities or other equity instruments, 
debt securities or other debt instruments, economic indices or measures of economic 
risk or value, or other benchmarks against which payments or deliveries are to be 
made, 
or 
any 
combination 
of 
these 
transactions 
and  
(c) any other transaction identified as an OTC Derivatives Transaction by the 
relevant confirmation. 
Portfolio Advisor 
refers to, in case of a jointly developed Dynamic Portfolio, any entity belonging to 
the Exane Group or any third party appointed by the Portfolio Sponsor whose details 
are specified into the Specific Methodology and responsible for providing to the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent with the all relevant information required for calculating 
and maintaining the Dynamic Portfolio, notably that relating to the choice and 
quantity or weights of Portfolio Components.  
Portfolio Advisor Fees  
refers to the fees that may be paid to the Portfolio Advisor as the case may be and 
duly specified into the relevant Calculation Agency and Portfolio Advisor  
Agreement to be signed between the Portfolio Sponsor and the Portfolio Advisor.  
Portfolio Calculation Agent 
refers to Exane Derivatives or any other entity whose role is to calculate the values 
of the Dynamic Portfolios and/or to make Adjustments applicable to the Dynamic 
Portfolios. 
Portfolio Component  
refers to an Equity Instrument, a Fund Instrument, an Index Instrument, a Futures 
Contract Instrument, a Listed Option Instrument, a Debt Security Instrument, an 
OTC Derivative Instrument, a Constant, and/or a Dynamic Portfolio Instrument. 
Portfolio (dynamic) 
refers to any dynamic asset allocation using different type of Portfolio Components 
implementing a dynamic algorithm or jointly developed by a Portfolio Sponsor and 
a Portfolio Advisor and for which Exane Derivatives SNC is acting as the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 315 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
315 
 
Portfolio Fees 
refers to any fee applied to the Dynamic Portfolio as specified into the relevant 
Specific Methodology and that are necessary for the proper functioning of the 
Dynamic Portfolio. The Portfolio Fees may have the form of Rebalancing Costs, 
Portfolio Advisor Fees, Reinvestment Fees, Maintenance Fees and any other specific 
fees as detailed into the relevant Specific Methodology. 
Supervision Committee 
consisting of members representing the top management of the structuring, legal, 
risk, compliance departments of the Portfolio Sponsor that meets at least each 
semester a year to control that all the process applicable have been correctly 
implemented.  
Rebalancing  
refers to the reallocation, inclusion or exclusion of Portfolio Components on a 
frequency as specified into and in accordance with the Specific Methodology or in 
case of exceptional circumstances determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
Technical Committee or the Operational Committee of the relevant Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
Rebalancing Date 
refers to each Calculation Date to the extent of the maximum number of 
Rebalancing on which there is a Rebalancing. 
Rebalancing Costs 
refers to the costs incurred in case of Rebalancing. Unless otherwise specified in the 
Specific Methodology of the Dynamic Portfolio, it is equal to zero. 
Rebalancing Period 
refers to the period of consecutive Rebalancing Dates, lasting the Number of 
Rebalancing Days. 
Rebalancing Trigger 
means further the use of an algorithm or a discretionary change of the Portfolio 
Advisor which may trigger a modification of the composition and/or the quantity or 
weights of the Dynamic Portfolio. Any other Rebalancing Trigger could be specified 
into the Specific Methodology.  
Rebalancing Trigger Date 
means the date on which the Rebalancing Trigger occurs. It would usually refer to 
the date of the algorithm execution or to the date of the execution of a composition 
change requested by the Portfolio Advisor as the case may be. . 
Reference Market  
means the principal market or quotation system on which the relevant Portfolio 
Components are traded, and which offers the greatest liquidity of such Portfolio 
Components, or any successor or replacement market or quotation system. 
Reinvestment Fees 
refers to the fees applicable to the reinvestment amount of income and profits and as 
specified into the Specific Methodology. 
 
Replication Fees 
refers to the fees applicable to the Exane Proprietary Index used as portfolio 
Component and as specified into the Specific Methodology. 
 
Rolling Future Exane  
Proprietary  
Index Execution Price  
means, in case of an intraday execution of a rolling futures Exane Proprietary Index 
(total  or partial unwind, new or increase of the exposure),  the price of the rolling 
futures Exane Proprietary Index duly confirmed by e-mail by the Portfolio Advisor 
and that may differ from the indicative price provided by the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent

--- Page 316 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
316 
 
 
Scheduled Trading Day  
means any day on which the Portfolio Sponsor is scheduled to publish the official 
level of the Dynamic Portfolio pursuant to its rules and 
 
(i) any day on which the Reference Market and the related exchange (if any) of an 
Equity Instrument, a Debt Security Instrument, a Listed Option Instrument or an 
Index Instrument (for mono-exchange index only), as the case may be, are scheduled 
to be open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(ii) any day on which the Reference Market of a Futures Contract Instrument is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(iii) any day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for multi-exchange index 
only) is scheduled to publish the level of the Index Instrument and the related 
exchange is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session; 
and/or 
 
(iv) any day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for Proprietary Index 
only) is scheduled to publish the level of the Index Instrument. 
Settlement Cycle  
means the period expressed as a number of Equity Instrument Clearing System 
Business Days following a transaction on the Equity Instrument on the Reference 
Market in respect of which settlement will normally take place within the rules of 
such Reference Market. 
Portfolio Sponsor 
refers to Exane Derivatives or any other entity whose role is to: (a) set and revise the 
rules and procedures, the calculation methods and any related adjustments to the 
Dynamic Portfolio; and (b) to publish (directly or through the intermediary of an 
agent) the level of the  Dynamic Portfolio on a regular basis during each Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
Substitute Debt Instrument  
means a debt security instrument (i) which is not the Debt Security Instrument of the 
Dynamic Portfolio and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent, similar characteristics to those of the excluded Debt Security Instrument 
(business sector, currency, rating, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other 
pertinent parameter in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Dynamic Portfolio  
 
Instrument 
means a dynamic portfolio (i) which is not the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument of the 
Dynamic Portfolio and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent, similar characteristics to those of the excluded Dynamic Portfolio Instrument 
(asset class, strategy or objectives as the case may be, or any other pertinent 
parameter in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Equity Instrument  
means an equity instrument (i) which is not the Equity Instrument of the relevant 
Dynamic Portfolio and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Equity Instrument (sector of activity, 
currency, market capitalisation, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other 
pertinent feature in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Futures Contract  
Instrument  
means a futures contract instrument (i) which is not the original Futures Contract 
Instrument of the Dynamic Portfolio and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Futures 
Contract Instrument (underlying, currency, maturity, liquidity of hedging

--- Page 317 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
317 
 
instruments or any other pertinent feature, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent). 
Substitute Fund Instrument  
means a fund instrument (i) which is not a Fund Instrument of the relevant Dynamic 
Portfolio, (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Dynamic Portfolio Calculating Agent, 
similar features to those of the excluded Fund Instrument (classification, 
management objective, investment guidelines or any other relevant parameter in the 
opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent) and (iii) whose method of determination 
and frequency of Net Asset Value calculation is deemed satisfactory by the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent. 
 
Substitute FX Instrument 
means a foreign exchange instrument (i) which is not the FX Instrument of the 
Dynamic Portfolio and (ii) which, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, 
has similar characteristics to those of the excluded FX Instrument. 
 
Substitute Index Instrument 
means an index instrument (i) which is not the Index Instrument of the Dynamic 
Portfolio and (ii) which, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, has 
similar characteristics to those of the excluded Index Instrument (geographical zone, 
business sector, currency, liquidity of futures and/or options contracts used for 
hedging, dividend calculation methodology or any other relevant parameter in the 
opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Listed Option 
Instrument   
means a listed option instrument (i) which is not the original Listed Option 
Instrument of the Dynamic Portfolio and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Listed Option 
Instrument (underlying, currency, maturity, liquidity of hedging instruments or any 
other pertinent feature, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent). 
 
Substitution 
means the cessation by the Portfolio Calculation Agent of the indexation of the 
Dynamic Portfolio to the Equity Instrument, the Index Instrument, the Fund 
Instrument, the Futures Contract Instrument, the Listed Option Instrument, the Debt 
Security Instrument, the FX Instrument or the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument as the 
case may be, and its replacement by, respectively, a Substitute Equity Instrument, a 
Substitute Index Instrument, a Substitute Fund Instrument, a Substitute Futures 
Contract Instrument, a Substitute Listed Option Instrument, a Substitute Debt 
Security Instrument, a Substitute FX Instrument or a Substitute Dynamic Portfolio 
Instrument as the case may be or, in the case the Dynamic Portfolio includes several 
Portfolio Components as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent (alternately 
to the ability of the Portfolio Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the 
affected Portfolio Component), the crystallization at the fair market value of the 
relevant Equity Instrument, the Index Instrument, the Fund Instrument, the Futures 
Contract Instrument, the Listed Option Instrument or the Debt Security Instrument, 
as the case may be on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Technical Committee 
refers to a technical committee of the Portfolio Sponsor that meets when an 
extraordinary event occurs and affects a Portfolio Component or as the case may be 
the Dynamic Portfolio to determine if the Portfolio Component or Dynamic 
Portfolio continue to fulfill the objective of the relevant Dynamic Portfolio and the 
consequences of such event.

--- Page 318 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
318 
 
Technical Committee Meeting 
refers to a meeting of the Technical Committee convened following an extraordinary 
event not listed into the Methodologies that affects a Portfolio Component or the 
determination or the calculation of the Dynamic Portfolio. To prevent any conflict of 
interest, the Technical Committee shall base any decisions only in the interest of the 
smooth running of the Dynamic Portfolio. 
TARGET 2 Business Day 
refers to a day when the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System known as TARGET 2 or any successor system is 
operating. 
Underlying Equity Instrument 
means the share issued by the Company to which the Depository Receipt is linked, 
as determined in good faith by the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
 
2. 
Construction, Selection of Portfolio Components and Calculation Rules of the Dynamic Portfolios 
 
The strategy, if applicable of the Dynamic Portfolios will be described in the relevant Specific Methodology, since they 
are specific to each Dynamic Portfolio. 
Unless stated otherwise into the Specific Methodology, the Dynamic Portfolios shall be able to be investible. 
The Dynamic Portfolio may be composed of different type of Portfolio Components as specified into the relevant 
Specific Methodology, 
To be present within the Dynamic Portfolio, a Portfolio Component must comply with the following Technical 
Eligibility Criteria, unless stated otherwise into the Specific Methodology  
General Criteria for all Portfolio Component 
- be in an admissible quote currency as mentioned in the Appendix X of the General Methodology (“Admissible Quote 
Currencies”) 
- not be identified as being subject to an Embargo according to the lists provided by Exane Compliance, and, where 
relevant (stated in the Specific Methodologies), not on the applicable Corporate and Social Responsibilities (“CSR”) 
Exclusion lists. 
Additional Specific Criteria 
- if it is an Equity Instrument: 
 
▪ 
 it has a daily liquidity greater than EUR 1 million equivalent  
 
 
- if it is a Debt Security Instrument: 
▪ 
The issue size is at least equal to EUR 300 million equivalent for bonds and EUR 150 million equivalent for 
convertible bonds; 
▪ 
 
▪ 
the country of the issuer (Bloomberg field CNTRY_OF_CORPORTATION, DX650) is member of the OECD; 
▪ 
the bond is eligible for Euroclear settlement/delivery in its nominal currency; 
▪ 
the BVAL bid-ask spread is at least lower than 3% (could be revised). 
 
if it is aFund Instrument: 
▪ 
European registration and subject to European regulation; 
▪ 
preferably UCITS with daily liquidity; 
▪ 
liquidity at least weekly; 
▪ 
AUM ≥ 100 million EUR equivalent; 
▪ 
existing for more than 1 year;

--- Page 319 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
319 
 
▪ 
subject to a Exane Derivatives’ holding ratio limited to 20%; 
▪ 
open to new investment from Exane Derivatives; 
▪ 
preferably without entry nor exit fee; 
▪ 
share class preferably institutional; 
▪ 
currency of the fund share class in an admissible quote currency as per Appendix X; 
▪ 
compatible with regulatory constraints; 
▪ 
NAV published on Bloomberg. 
 
 
And in any case any Fund Instrument  shall be duly approved by the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
 
Any other Technical Eligibility Criteria on these Portfolio Components or on any other Portfolio Component shall be 
specified into the Specific Methodology. 
Selection, composition and eligibility rules that are specific to each Dynamic Portfolio, are detailed in the applicable 
Specific Methodology. 
3. 
Governance Rules 
3.1. 
The Technical Committee 
4.1.1 Role of the Technical Committee 
The role of the Technical Committee is to determine if, in case of the occurrence of an event, the Portfolio 
Component or Dynamic Portfolio continue to fulfill the objective of the relevant Dynamic Portfolio and the 
consequences of such event.  
Each decision by the Technical Committee (including changes to the composition of the Dynamic Portfolio) will 
be recorded in minutes published on the internet site www.exane.com/exaneindex .4 
4.1.2 Meetings of the Technical Committee 
Meetings are held to ensure appropriate action in case of an event not contemplated in the General Methodology 
or the Specific Methodology of a particular Dynamic Portfolio. Its role is detailed in each Specific Methodology. 
4.1.3 List of the Technical Committee members 
Members 
Substitute Members 
Function 
André-Georges Amadieu 
Céline Ma 
Structuring 
Denis Cauchard 
 Leopold Holtzapffel 
Calculation Agent 
3.2. 
The Operational Committee 
The Operational Committee consisting of members representing structuring team, legal, risk, compliance 
departments of the Portfolio Sponsor that meets at least each quarter a year to determine whether the Portfolio 
Components continue to comply with the strategy of the relevant Dynamic Portfolio and if the method used 
should continue to be applied identically. Otherwise, the Operational Committee may decide to modify, add or 
remove a Portfolio Component and/or adapt the Methodology when the Technical Committee is not capable to 
do it. 
3.3. 
The Supervision Committee 
The Supervision Committee consisting of members representing the top management of the structuring, legal, 
risk, compliance departments of the Portfolio Sponsor that meets at least each semester a year to control that all 
the process applicable have been correctly implemented.  
 
4 The website gives an unlimited access to the content and is free of charge.

--- Page 320 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
320 
 
4. 
Composition of the Dynamic Portfolios 
The Dynamic Portfolios may consist of any type of Portfolio Components representing a long and/or a short position: 
an Equity Instrument, a Fund Instrument, an Index Instrument, a Futures Contract Instrument, a Listed Option 
Instrument, FX Instrument, OTC Derivatives Instrument or a Debt Security Instrument, a Dynamic Portfolio Instrument 
or of any Constant. 
5. 
Publication and communication of the Dynamic Portfolios 
All available information on the Dynamic Portfolios (the General Methodology, the Specific Methodologies, historical 
prices, the composition of the Dynamic Portfolios and the prices of Portfolio Components) can be found on the internet 
web site www.exane.com/exaneindex.5 
Any other form of publication or communication is specified in the Specific Methodology. 
6. 
Calculation of and adjustments to the Dynamic Portfolios 
The calculation principles of the Dynamic Portfolios are described in each applicable Specific Methodology. 
The performances of the Dynamic Portfolios are calculated on a daily basis and reflect the quantity or weightings of the 
Portfolio Components, their respective daily return the currency overlay and their costs. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology, the calculation of the Dynamic Portfolios will take place 
according to the conditions described in Appendix 1 “Calculation Method of the Dynamic Portfolios”.  
Unless otherwise specified in the Specific Methodology, the occurrence of an event affecting a Dynamic Portfolio, the 
adjustments of that Dynamic Portfolio will be made in accordance with the methods described in Appendix 2 
“Adjustments to the Dynamic Portfolios”.  
The Portfolio Sponsor reserves the right to terminate at any time the mandate of the Portfolio Calculation Agent. Any 
such determination shall be deemed not to constitute an Adjustment Event.  
The application, by the Portfolio Calculation Agent or of the Technical Committee of the Calculation Method of the 
Dynamic Portfolio as described into the Specific Methodology is final and biding. The Calculation Agent, the Technical 
Committee or the Operational Committee, as the case may be will make any adjustment to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the relevant Dynamic Portfolio. 
However, the Portfolio Sponsor cannot guarantee that no changes in circumstances associated with movements in the 
markets or with legal, regulatory, fiscal changes or other circumstances will occur. As a result, the Portfolio Sponsor 
cannot guarantee that no amendments to or changes in the Dynamic Portfolio Methodology will take place. If the 
Portfolio Sponsor determines that any such amendment or change is necessary, then the Portfolio Sponsor will use 
reasonable efforts to ensure that such amendment or change is materialized in a methodology that complies as much as 
possible with such Dynamic Portfolio methodology and with the objective of the Dynamic Portfolio. 
In case of any such amendment or change, the Portfolio Sponsor will publish a notification on the Dynamic Portfolios 
website, informing of the implementation of such amendment or change.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 The website gives an unlimited access to the content and is free of charge.

--- Page 321 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
321 
 
 
Appendix 1 “Value and Calculation Method of the Dynamic Portfolios” 
 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology the Dynamic Portfolio is daily calculated using one of the 
following formula and as explained below: 
 
(A) On each Calculation Date, the Dynamic Portfolio will be valued by multiplying the quantity of each Component by 
its Reference Price converted in the Base Currency. For the purpose of the calculation of a Dynamic Portfolio and 
except otherwise specified in Specific Methodology, all Portfolio Fees as determined in the Specific methodology are 
applied to the Monetary Indices Component.  
 
The quantity of each Component may change and be modified further to: 
(i) 
a request from the Portfolio Advisor, duly accepted by the Calculation Agent and if achievable on the 
market in a commercially reasonable manner. In this case, the quantity of the monetary indices will be 
adjusted to reflect the transactions that the Calculation Agent has to execute accordingly during the 
Calculation Date considering the Execution Prices or  
 
(ii) 
the receipt by the Portfolio Sponsor of an order relating to any buy or sell of structured products indexed 
to the relevant Dynamic Portfolio and duly agreed with the Portfolio Advisor   
In this case, the quantity of the monetary indices will be adjusted to reflect the transactions that the 
Calculation Agent has to execute accordingly during the Calculation Date considering the price of the 
relevant structured products  
And the applicable Portfolio Fees such as defined in the Specific Methodology. The amount of income and profits (after 
potential withholding tax) duly received in relation to the different Portfolio Components may be reinvested in 
accordance with the Specific Methodology. 
 
(B) On each Calculation Date, the Dynamic Portfolio will be valued , using the following formula: 
 
𝑷𝒐𝒓𝒕𝒇𝒐𝒍𝒊𝒐 (𝒕) = (∑𝒒𝒊
𝑵
𝒊=𝟏
× 𝑨𝒄𝒕𝒊(𝒕)) × (𝟏−𝑭
𝑩)
𝒏(𝒕)
 
where: 
N  
=  
number of Portfolio Components on Calculation Date t 
Portfolio(t) 
= 
level of the Dynamic Portfolio on Calculation Date t, expressed in the Base Currency 
qi  
= 
quantity of the Portfolio Component(i) 
Acti(t)  = 
Reference Price of the Portfolio Component(i) on Calculation Date t, expressed in the Base  
 
Currency 
F 
= 
Portfolio Fees, equal to the percentage defined in the Specific Methodology 
n(t) 
= 
number of calendar or working days, as specified in the Specific Methodology, between the  
 
Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio and Calculation Date t 
B 
= 
total number of calendar or working days per year, as specified in the Specific Methodology 
 
1. 
Number of Portfolio Components of the Dynamic Portfolio “N” 
 
The number of Portfolio Components is determined by the Rebalancing Trigger. Any minimum number will be 
specified in the Specific Methodology.

--- Page 322 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
322 
 
2. 
Reference Prices of Portfolio Components 
 
In order to determine if an Exchange Business Day is a Calculation Date for a relevant Dynamic Portfolio, the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall obtain more than seventy-five per cent (75%) of the Reference Prices of Portfolio Components 
by determining the Reference Price of each Portfolio Component by using the prices, quotes, level or other it obtained 
through the process explained hereafter. Generally speaking, a Portfolio Component will have for an Exchange 
Business Day only one Reference Price that the Portfolio Calculation Agent will save in a database. If, for a relevant 
Exchange Business Day, the Portfolio Calculation Agent obtains more than seventy-five per cent (75%) of the 
Reference Prices of Portfolio Components but, amongst the last twenty-five per cent, some of the Portfolio Component 
does not have a Reference Price for such Exchange Business Day, therefore it will take into account the Reference Price 
for such Portfolio Component on the last Calculation Date. 
For technical and administrative reasons, Reference Price of Portfolio Components for a relevant Exchange Business 
Day may have to be retrieved on a following Exchange Business Day. 
Foreign exchange rate applicable to the Reference Price: the Reference Prices are expressed in the Base Currency. For 
the purpose of the calculation of the Dynamic Portfolio with Portfolio Components that are denominated in a currency 
other than the Base Currency, the applicable foreign exchange rate used for this conversion is the spot exchange rate 
against the Base Currency or determined using the observable spot exchange rates, which can be found at the end of 
each Exchange Business Day on Bloomberg page WMCO Curncy (on or about 5:00 p.m. Paris time). The USD pivot 
rate shall be used for any determination of a foreign exchange rate between two other currencies than USD, provided 
that such foreign exchange rate is not a Euro foreign exchange rate as published by the European Central Bank. 
2.1. 
Reference Price of Equity Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of an Equity Instrument is the official closing price on the Reference Market of this Equity 
Instrument on any Exchange Business Day. 
2.2. 
Reference Price of Index Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of an Index Instrument is the official level on the Reference Market of the Index Instrument (for a 
mono exchange index only) or the official level published by its Sponsor (for a multi exchange index or a Proprietary 
Index). 
2.3. 
Reference Price of Fund Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Fund Instrument is the official net asset value as calculated and/or published by the Fund 
Service Provider on an Exchange Business Day and available on Bloomberg. The Portfolio Calculation Agent will be 
able to adjust the net asset value of the Fund Instrument to reflect, without duplication, the portion ascribable to the 
Fund Instrument of all costs, charges, taxes or levies payable and/or incurred through the subscription or redemption of 
the Fund Instrument. 
2.4. 
Reference Price of Futures Contract Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Futures Contract Instrument is the clearing official price on any Exchange Business Day on 
the relevant Reference Market of this Futures Contract Instrument.   
2.5. 
Reference Price of Debt Security Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument includes accrued interest. 
The Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument is determined as follows. 
 
 
 
2.5.1. Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument which is not a convertible bond

--- Page 323 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
323 
 
Subject to clause 2.5.3 below, the Reference Price of Debt Security Instruments is established by the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to the corresponding Bloomberg HP calculation page. The 
source used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest BGN source available. If such source is not available the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent shall establish the Reference Price with reference to the corresponding Bloomberg HP Page 
(Historical Price- Source BVAL). The contributor used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest BVAL available. 
If none of the BGN source and the BVAL source is available, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall determine in good 
faith the Reference Price of the Debt Security Instrument. For Debt Security Instruments whose quotation price 
excludes accrued interest, accrued coupons are reintegrated to calculate the Reference Price. 
The Reference Price is established by the Portfolio Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to the 
corresponding Bloomberg HP calculation page. The source used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest BGN 
source available. (the “BGN Method”) 
The Reference Price is established by the Portfolio Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to the 
corresponding Bloomberg ALLQ page. The contributor used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest CBBT 
available. (the “CBBT Method”). 
The Reference Price is established by the Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris Time) with reference to the 
corresponding Bloomberg HP Page (Historical Price- Source BVAL). The contributor used for each Debt Security 
Instrument is the latest BVAL available. (the “BVAL Method”). 
The Reference Price is established by the Portfolio Calculation Agent using the “Combined Method”: 
• 
. If the price obtained using the BGN Method is available: 
o 
If the price obtained using the Market Makers Method is based on less than 3 market makers’ 
prices before the exclusion of prices outside the interval, then the price obtained using the 
BGN Method becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BGN Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BGN 
Method is strictly lower than 0.10%, then the price obtained using the Market Makers Method 
becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BGN Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BGN 
Method is strictly lower than 0.75%, then the mean between the price obtained using the BGN 
Method and the price obtained using the Market Makers Method becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Otherwise, the price obtained using the BGN Method becomes the Reference Price. 
• 
If the price obtained using the BGN Method is not available and the price obtained using the BVAL 
Method is available: 
o 
If the price obtained using the Market Makers Method is based on less than 3 market makers’ 
prices before the exclusion of prices outside the interval, then the price obtained using the 
BVAL Method becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BVAL Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BVAL 
Method is strictly lower than 0.10%, then the price obtained using the Market Makers Method 
becomes the Reference Price. 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BVAL Method and the price obtained using the Market 
Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BVAL Method is strictly lower than 0.75%, then the mean 
between the price obtained using the 
o 
BVAL Method and the price obtained using the Market Makers Method becomes the 
Reference Price. 
o 
Otherwise, the price obtained using the BVAL Method becomes the Reference Price. 
• 
If both the price obtained using the BGN Method and the price obtained using the BVAL Method are 
not available, then the price obtained using the Market Makers Method becomes the Reference Price. 
For convertible bonds listed ex-coupon, accrued interest is added back to calculate the Reference Price. 
2.5.2. Alternative Reference Price of Debt Security Instruments

--- Page 324 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
324 
 
By derogation to the above, the Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument which enters or exits from the 
composition of the Dynamic Portfolio may be determined alternatively by the Technical Committee if at least 
one of the following conditions is met on each Calculation Date on which the relevant Debt Security Instrument 
enters or exits: 
- 
the spread (bid/ask) established by the Portfolio Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris Time) with reference 
to the corresponding Bloomberg HP Page (Historical Price) is greater than or equal to 2%. The contributor 
used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest BVAL source available or the latest BGN source 
available; 
- 
the Reference Price of the Debt Security Instrument or the official closing price on the Reference Market of 
the underlying share if the Debt Security Instrument is a convertible bond has increased or decreased by 
more than 10% over the 5 previous Exchange Business Days; 
- 
the Technical Committee has determined in good faith that the Reference Price of the Debt Security 
Instrument does not reflect its actual market value due to exceptional market conditions, including but not 
limited to, a Market Disruption Event, a corporate action or a trading suspension affecting the Debt Security 
Instrument or the underlying share if the Debt Security Instrument is a convertible bond. 
The alternative Reference Price will be determined by the Technical Committee using the following method: 
- 
3 counterparties will be asked for a firm bid and/or ask price on the Debt Security Instrument; and 
- 
the best firm bid and/or ask price will be used as the Reference Price and no Rebalancing Cost will be 
applied. 
2.6. 
Reference Price of Listed Option Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Listed Option Instrument is the clearing official price on any Exchange Business Day 
on the relevant Reference Market of this Listed Option Instrument. If there is no clearing official price, the 
Reference Price of Listed Option Instruments will be defined in the Specific Methodology of the Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
Ask Price means the Exchange’s closing ask price. 
Bid Price means the Exchange’s closing bid price. 
Settlement Price means the official settlement price (as described under the rules of the relevant Exchange or its 
clearing house) published by the relevant Exchange or its clearing house. 
 
3. 
Market Disruption Events 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs on a Calculation Date (a Disrupted Day), then the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent shall not calculate the level of the Dynamic Portfolio on such Calculation Date. For this purpose, a Market 
Disruption Event means the occurrence of a Portfolio Component Event, as defined hereafter, which affects at 
least twenty-five per cent (25 %) of the Portfolio Components. 
If any relevant Calculation Date is a Disrupted Day for an Dynamic Portfolio, then the next Calculation Date 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such 
Dynamic Portfolio, unless each of the eight Scheduled Calculation Dates immediately following this initial 
Disrupted Day is a Disrupted Day (i.e. the Portfolio Component Event continues to affect at least twenty five per 
cent (25 %) of the Portfolio Components). 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Calculation Date notwithstanding 
that such day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the level 
of such Dynamic Portfolio on such eighth Disrupted Day, in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating such Dynamic Portfolio last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
traded or quoted prices on that eighth Disrupted Day of each Portfolio Component as described in the paragraph 
2 here above (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Portfolio

--- Page 325 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
325 
 
Component on that eighth Disrupted Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Portfolio 
Component on that eighth Disrupted Day). 
Portfolio Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Equity Instruments, the occurrence of an Equity Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Equity Instruments; and 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Fund Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund 
Instruments; and 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Index Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments; 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Futures Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or 
more of such Futures Contract Instruments;  
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Debt Security Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Debt Security Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Listed Option Instruments, the occurrence of a Listed Option Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Listed Option Instruments. 
- 
. in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
OTC Derivatives Instruments, the occurrence of OTC Derivatives Disruption Event affecting one or more 
of such OTC Derivatives Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
FX Instruments, the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event affecting one or more of such FX Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Dynamic Portfolio Instruments, the occurrence of a Dynamic Portfolio Disruption Event affecting one or 
more of such Dynamic Portfolio Instruments. 
 
Scheduled Calculation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Calculation Date. 
 
If a Market Disruption Event has been continuing after eight Exchange Business Day on an or several 
Portfolio Component(s), the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to (without limitation) 
(each, an Portfolio Disruption Remedy): 
- 
adjust any relevant terms of the Portfolio Rules in a manner that preserves the economic characteristics of 
the Dynamic Portfolio; or 
- 
continue the determination of the official level of the Dynamic Portfolio pursuant to the hereof provision 
for another maximum period of twenty Exchange Business Day; or 
- 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
Each Portfolio Disruption Remedy will be published as the paragraph 3 of the Appendix 1. 
 
3.1. 
Equity Market Disruption Event 
Equity Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines is material

--- Page 326 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
326 
 
and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Calculation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
-  
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Reference Market or, as the 
case may be, the related exchange prior to its scheduled closing time, unless such early closing time has 
been announced by such Reference Market or by such related exchange at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Market or related 
exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the related exchange system for 
execution at the Calculation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
-  
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Equity Instruments on the relevant 
Reference Market, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to the relevant Equity Instrument on the related exchange. 
-  
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or, as the case may be, the related exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or 
Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Reference Market or relevant related exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to such Equity 
Instrument on the relevant Reference Market, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Equity 
Instrument on the relevant related exchange. 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date. If the relevant Reference Market closes prior to its scheduled closing time and the specified 
Calculation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Calculation Time shall 
be such actual closing time.  
 
3.2. 
Fund Market Disruption Event 
Fund Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, the occurrence or existence of (i) 
Valuation Disruption, (ii) a Settlement Disruption or (iii) a Liquidity Disruption, that the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines is material. Exceptionally, if an event occurs which constitutes both a Fund Disruption Event 
and an Event (as defined below) for such Fund Instrument, such event shall constitute an Event for such Fund 
Instrument and not a Fund Disruption Event. For the purpose thereof: 
- 
 Liquidity Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, any suspension, limitation or delay 
affecting the settlement of such Fund Instruments, whether in accordance with the provisions of the Fund 
Documents or for any other reason.  
-  
Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument on any date, failure by the Fund to pay the 
full amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the Settlement Proceeds due in respect of 
such Fund Instrument, as such amount should have been paid at the latest by such date in accordance with 
the Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision 
permitting the Fund to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Instruments). 
-  
Valuation Disruption means that: 
(a) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument is not determined and/or published by the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) in accordance with the provisions 
of the Fund Documents;

--- Page 327 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
327 
 
(b) 
the determination and/or publication of the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument, in accordance 
with the Fund Documents, has/have been suspended; or  
(c) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider 
which generally determines such value) is incorrect or misrepresents the Net Asset Value of the 
Fund Instrument, in the reasonable opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date means, with respect to any Fund Instrument, the date on which the Fund 
(or its Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) is scheduled, in accordance with its Fund 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision permitting the Fund 
to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Instruments) to determine the Net Asset Value of such Fund Instrument for 
purposes of calculating the settlement proceeds to be paid to an investor who has submitted a valid notice by the 
required Fund Instrument settlement deadline for settlement of Fund Instrument, based on the value determined 
on such date. The Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date, relating to any Calculation Date, shall be the Scheduled 
Settlement Valuation Date occurring on such Calculation Date, or, if no Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date 
occurs on such Calculation Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date. 
Settlement Notification Date means, in respect of any Fund Instrument and Calculation Date, the latest date on 
which a Hypothetical Investor in such Fund Instrument would be authorised, pursuant to the Fund Documents, to 
submit a settlement notice by the required deadline for settlement on the Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date 
taking place on such Calculation Date, or, if no Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date occurs on such Calculation 
Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date. 
Settlement Proceeds means the proceeds, as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent, that would be paid 
by the Fund to a Hypothetical Investor whose Fund instruments are being redeemed on the relevant Settlement 
Valuation Date, provided that (1) all proceeds to be paid in property other than cash shall be valued by the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, and (2) if the Hypothetical Investor has the right to opt 
for payment of such settlement proceeds to be made either in cash or in property, the Hypothetical Investor shall 
be deemed to have opted for payment of such proceeds in cash. 
Settlement Valuation Date means, in respect of any Fund Instrument and any Scheduled Settlement Valuation 
Date, the date on which the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) 
determines the Net Asset Value of such Fund Instrument for purposes of calculating the settlement proceeds to 
be paid to a Hypothetical Investor who has submitted a valid settlement notice at the latest by the corresponding 
Settlement Notification Date. 
 
 
3.3. 
Index Market Disruption Event 
 
Index Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Index Instrument: 
- 
for an Index Instrument which is a multi-exchange index, the non-publication of the official closing level by its 
sponsor; 
- 
for an Index Instrument which is an Exane Index, the non-publication of the official closing level by its Sponsor 
or any Index Component Event; 
- 
for an Index Instrument which is a mono-exchange index, the Reference Market and/or related exchange fails to 
open for trading during its regular trading session. 
 
3.4. 
Futures Contract Market Disruption Event 
Futures Contract Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Futures Contract Instrument, the occurrence 
or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Portfolio Calculation Agent

--- Page 328 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
328 
 
determines, in each case, is material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the 
relevant Calculation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the purpose thereof: 
-  
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the relevant Reference Market prior 
to its scheduled closing time, unless such early closing time has been announced by such Reference 
Market at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Reference Market on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Reference Market system for execution at the Calculation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
-  
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures Contract Instrument on the 
Reference Market. 
 
-  
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference Market or otherwise, in the 
relevant Futures Contract Instrument on the relevant Reference Market. 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date. If the relevant Reference Market closes prior to its scheduled closing time and the specified 
Calculation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Calculation Time shall 
be such actual closing time; 
 
3.5. 
Debt Security Market Disruption Event 
Debt Security Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Debt Security Instrument: 
(a) 
any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Reference Market or 
(b) 
any suspension or limitation on trading on listed options contracts or futures contracts relating to the 
Debt Security Instrument, which the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any 
time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Calculation Time,  
(c) 
any suspension of publication on the relevant screen page of the Debt Security Instrument or the 
unavailability of clean bid prices from at least two market participants, or 
(d) 
any Debt Security Component Event 
 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date or (ii) for a Debt Security Instrument that is not traded on a Reference Market 16.00 CET. 
 
3.6. 
Listed Option Market Disruption Event 
Listed Option Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Listed Option Instrument the occurrence or 
existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) a Market Disruption, which the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines 
is material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Calculation Time, or 
(iii) an Early Closure. For the purpose hereof:

--- Page 329 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
329 
 
-  
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Reference Market or, as the 
case may be, the related exchange prior to its scheduled closing time, unless such early closing time has 
been announced by such Reference Market or by such related exchange at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Market or related 
exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the related exchange system for 
execution at the Calculation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
-  
Market Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Listed Option on the relevant 
Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in futures contracts or options contracts relating to Listed Options. 
-  
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or 
otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Market Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or otherwise, in such Listed Option on the relevant 
Exchange. 
 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date. If the relevant Reference Market closes prior to its scheduled closing time and the specified 
Calculation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Calculation Time shall 
be such actual closing time. 
3.7. 
FX Instrument Market Disruption Event 
 
FX Instrument Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of any of the following events (i) 
Price Source Unavailability, (ii) Liquidity Disruption or (iii) Dual Exchange Rate that the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines is material. Exceptionally, if an event occurs which constitutes both a Market Disruption Event 
and an Event for such Exchange Rate (as defined below), such event shall constitute an Event for such Exchange 
Rate and not a Market Disruption Event). 
Dual Exchange Rate means that a currency of the Exchange Rate is divided into a dual or multiple exchange 
rates.  
Liquidity Disruption means the occurrence of an event concerning a currency preventing the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent from determining the rate for such currency. 
Price Source Unavailability means that it has become impossible to obtain the rate used for calculation of the 
Settlement Price. 
 
3.8. 
OTC Instrument Market Disruption Event 
 
OTC Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Share 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Share Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Share Instruments; 
and 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Fund 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund Instruments; 
and 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Index 
Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments;

--- Page 330 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
330 
 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Futures 
Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Futures Contract Instruments;  
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Debt Security 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Debt 
Security Instruments. 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Listed Option 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Listed Option Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Listed 
Option Instruments. 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more FX 
Instruments, the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event affecting one or more of such FX Instruments. 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Dynamic 
Portfolio Instruments, the occurrence of a Dynamic Portfolio Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Dynamic Portfolio Instruments. 
 
 
 
 
3.9. Dynamic Portfolio Instrument Market Disruption Event 
 
Dynamic Portfolio Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
- 
in respect of an Dynamic Portfolio Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more 
Share Instruments, the occurrence of a Share Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Share Instruments; and 
- 
in respect of an Dynamic Portfolio Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more 
Fund Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund 
Instruments; and 
- 
in respect of an Dynamic Portfolio Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more 
Index Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments; 
- 
in respect of an Dynamic Portfolio Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more 
Futures Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or 
more of such Futures Contract Instruments;  
- 
in respect of an Dynamic Portfolio Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more 
Debt Security Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Debt Security Instruments. 
- 
in respect of an Dynamic Portfolio Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more 
Listed Option Instruments, the occurrence of a Listed Option Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Listed Option Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Dynamic Portfolio whose Portfolio underlying include, without limitation, one or more FX 
Instruments, the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event affecting one or more of such FX Instruments. 
 
 
 
4. 
Quantity of Portfolio Components / Rebalancing mechanism 
4.1. 
General mechanism 
The quantity of each Portfolio Component will be modified following a Rebalancing Trigger or a reinvestment 
of income and profits if the Specific Methodology provides for such a reinvestment, and may also be modified

--- Page 331 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
331 
 
following a Technical Committee Meeting, an Operational Committee Meeting or an Adjustment as described 
below. 
In case of a discretionary change requested by a Portfolio Advisor, the following Rebalancing mechanism shall 
be followed: 
On any Exchange Business Day the Portfolio Advisor may change the composition of the Portfolio Components 
and their quantity or Weightings via the following steps: 
Step 1: The Portfolio Advisor shall send an email in the form of the Appendix duly attached to the relevant 
Specific Methodology “Template of Request for a Change in Composition” to the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
before 12:00 am (Paris time).  
Step 2: The proposed composition shall be deemed valid on reception by the Portfolio Advisor of a confirmation 
transmitted by the Portfolio Calculation Agent by email the same day. 
The Portfolio Advisor shall expressly confirm its approval of the firm and indicative bid/ask prices duly 
proposed by the Portfolio Calculation Agent before any Rebalancing. 
Step 3: after notifying its acceptance to the Portfolio Advisor and except in cases of exceptional market 
conditions the Portfolio Calculation Agent will: 
- 
Determine the first Exchange Business Day tradable for all the Portfolio Components (the 
“Dynamic Portfolio Modification Day”) with respect to the applicable market of the 
Portfolio Components; 
- 
Determine the number of Exchange Business Days tradable for all the Portfolio Components 
over which the proposed modification will be implemented. 
- 
Implement the proposed modification on the applicable Reference Prices, Execution Prices, , 
as the case may be, of the Portfolio Components on the Rebalancing Period. 
4.1.1. Rebalancing of Portfolio Components on each Rebalancing Date:   
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology the Rebalancing of the Dynamic Portfolio determined using one of 
the following formula and as explained below: 
 
A/ 
𝒒𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑨𝒄𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘= 𝑾𝒆𝒊𝒈𝒉𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑷𝒐𝒓𝒕𝒇𝒐𝒍𝒊𝒐(𝒕) 
qi,t New 
=   
quantity of the Portfolio Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Dynamic 
Portfolio 
Acti,tNew  
=  
Reference Price of the Portfolio Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the 
Dynamic Portfolio on Rebalancing Date t of the Dynamic Portfolio, expressed in the Base 
Currency 
Portfolio(t)  =  
level of the Dynamic Portfolio on Rebalancing Date t of the Dynamic Portfolio, expressed in 
the Base Currency 
Weighti,tNew =  
the new weight of each Portfolio Component(i) at Rebalancing Date t 
 
B_ 
𝒒𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑨𝒄𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× (𝟏−𝑭
𝑩)
𝒏(𝒕)
= 𝑾𝒆𝒊𝒈𝒉𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑷𝒐𝒓𝒕𝒇𝒐𝒍𝒊𝒐(𝒕) 
where:

--- Page 332 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
332 
 
qi,t New 
=   
quantity of the Portfolio Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Dynamic 
Portfolio 
Acti,tNew  
=  
Reference Price of the Portfolio Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the 
Dynamic Portfolio on Rebalancing Date t of the Dynamic Portfolio, expressed in the Base 
Currency 
Portfolio(t)  =  
level of the Dynamic Portfolio on Rebalancing Date t of the Dynamic Portfolio, expressed in 
the Base Currency 
Weighti,tNew =  
the new weight of each Portfolio Component(i) at Rebalancing Date t 
F 
=  
Dynamic Portfolio Fees equal to the percentage defined in the Specific Methodology 
n(t) 
= 
number of calendar or working days, as stated in the Specific Methodology, between the 
Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio and Rebalancing Date t 
B 
= 
total number of calendar or working days per year, as stated in the Specific Methodology 
4.2. 
Mechanism specific to reinvestment of income and profits of a Portfolio Component 
 
If the Specific Methodology provides the reinvestment of income and profits (after potential withholding tax) of 
a Portfolio Component, they shall be reinvested in the main monetary Index (as listed into the Specific 
Methodology) converted in the Base Currency. 
As the case may be and as specified into the Specific Methodology, the Portfolio Advisor may request for the 
detachment in a whole or in part of the income and profits in the form of A coupon of a structured products 
indexed to the relevant Dynamic Portfolio. 
Each applicable Specific Methodology will specify any other specific mechanism of reinvestment income and 
profits of a Portfolio Component. 
4.3. 
Rebalancing Cost applicable to a Portfolio Component 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology, the Rebalancing Cost applicable to a Dynamic Portfolio is 
determined using the following formula: 
 
a. 
Rebalancing Cost applicable to Equity Instrument, Debt Instrument, Fund Instrument and Futures Instrument 
 
Rebalancing Cost =Max[Floor ; ABS(Quantity New- Quantity Old)] x Execution Price x Rebalancing Cost Rate,  
b. Rebalancing Cost applicable to Listed Option Instrument 
 
Rebalancing Cost = Max[Floor ; ABS(Quantity New- Quantity Old)] x Strike Price x Rebalancing Cost Rate  
 
Where: 
ABS means absolute value; 
Rebalancing Cost Rate is as defined in the Specific Methodology;  
Strike Price refers to the strike of the Listed Option Instrument; and

--- Page 333 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
333 
 
Floor is defined in the Specific Methodology. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix 2 “Adjustments of the Dynamic Portfolios following an Event” 
 
 
 
Events means each event as specified here above (including the “Increase in Costs”, for the avoidance of doubt). 
General provisions 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Dynamic Portfolio for the second Event and 
subsequent Events shall be made to the terms of the Dynamic Portfolio, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall notify the Portfolio Sponsor, as soon as reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, having made adjustments, modifications or cancellation as the case may be, to the terms of the Dynamic 
Portfolio in accordance with this Appendix 2.  
Increase in Costs 
If the Portfolio Sponsor incurs a materially increased (as compared with the circumstances existing on the Creation 
Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the rationale or functionality 
of the Dynamic Portfolio, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic 
Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) remove the relevant Portfolio Component, (b) implement 
Substitution of the relevant Portfolio Component, (c) adjust any relevant terms of the Portfolio Rules or (d) permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio.  
Each Event Remedy will be published as per the paragraph 3 of the Appendix 1.

--- Page 334 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
334 
 
1. 
Adjustments of Equity Instruments 
The Events applicable to an Equity Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
 
1.1. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
In the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Portfolio Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
it becomes aware of such event, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Equity Instrument and,to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event 
Remedy) as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic continuity of the Dynamic Portfolio including: 
- adjust the new quantity or Weighting of Equity Instruments to which the Dynamic Portfolio henceforth relates, 
pursuant to the method applied by Stoxx (if applicable) or;  
- implement the Substitution of the affected Equity Instrument; and 
- If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
Each Event Remedy will be published as per the paragraph 3 of the Appendix 1. 
Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(1) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Equity Instrument (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Equity Instrument to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalization or similar issue; 
(2) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Equity Instrument of (A) such Equity 
Instrument, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Equity 
Instruments, or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights 
or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing 
market price as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent; 
(3) 
an extraordinary dividend which characterization of or portion thereof shall be determined by the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent; 
(4) 
a call by the Company in respect of relevant Equity Instrument that are not fully paid 
(5) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Equity Instruments whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(6) 
in respect of the Company, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below 
their market value, as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as 
a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any settlement of such rights;  
(7) 
a distribution of reserves in cash or in listed shares held in the Company’s portfolio or a redemption of share 
capital; or

--- Page 335 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
335 
 
 
1.2. 
(8) any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant 
Equity Instruments.Cash/Exchange Tender Offer  
a. Definitions 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means any takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person  (the Offeror) that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or 
having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 % and less than 100 % of the outstanding 
voting shares of the Company, as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Portfolio Calculation Agent deems relevant.  
Successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means a Cash/Exchange Tender Offer the results of which have been 
published by the relevant Reference Market authorities. 
Offer Period means the period from (and including) the date on which the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer is officially 
announced by the Offeror in whatever manner to the competent supervisory authorities in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction, up to (but excluding) the date of the Tender Offer Date.  
b. Consequences 
If an Offer Period commences, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may, having examined its characteristics and relevant 
practical arrangements, elect (a) to maintain the Equity Instrument or (b) replace it with the share issued by the Offeror. 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment during the Offer Period in accordance with the paragraph 
above and if the Company is the subject of a Successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer (the Tender Offer), the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio, including electing (each, an Event 
Remedy) to (a) maintain the Equity Instrument, (b) replace the Equity Instrument with New Equity Instrument, (c) 
implement Substitution of the Equity Instrument and (d) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such 
adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio.. 
 
1.3. 
Merger 
 
a. 
Definitions 
Merger means, in respect of any relevant Equity Instruments, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Equity Instruments that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Equity Instruments outstanding to another entity or person;  
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company with or into another entity or 
person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of all of such Equity 
Instruments outstanding); 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 % of the outstanding Equity Instruments of the Company that results in a 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Equity Instruments (other than such Equity 
Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company or its subsidiaries with or 
into another entity in which the Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Equity Instruments outstanding but results in the outstanding Equity 
Instruments (other than Equity Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to

--- Page 336 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
336 
 
such event collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding Equity Instruments immediately 
following such event (a "Reverse Merger"),  
in each case if the Event Effective Date is on or before,  the last occurring Calculation Date. 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
In the event that a Merger occurs in respect of an Equity Instrument, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide 
whether to adjust the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Equity Instruments 
with New Equity Instruments or (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (c) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
 
 
1.4. 
Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Company (Spin-off), the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall adjust the Dynamic Portfolio 
(an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Share with New Shares or (b) implement Substitution of the 
relevant Share. 
 
1.5. 
Nationalisation 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Nationalisation means that all the Equity Instruments or all or substantially all the assets of a Company are 
nationalized expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
b. 
Consequences 
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall adjust the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) if Nationalisation occurs in 
respect of an Equity Instrument, including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and 
(b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.6. 
 Insolvency  
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Company, (A) all the Equity Instruments of that Company are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Equity Instruments of that 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
b. 
Consequences

--- Page 337 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
337 
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall adjust the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) 
implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument in the event of Insolvency and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
1.7. 
Change of Listing - compartment or Reference Market 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Change of Listing - compartment or Reference Market means that the Reference Market announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Reference Market, the Equity Instruments (A) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Reference Market for any reason (other than a Merger or Tender Offer), but are immediately re-listed, re-
traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Reference Market (or where 
the Reference Market is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) which is according to 
the Portfolio Calculation Agent similar to the original Reference Market or (B) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded 
or publicly quoted on the original compartment Reference Market for any reason (other than a Merger or Tender Offer), 
and are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on another compartment of the Reference Market. 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
In the event of a Change of Listing - compartment or Reference Market in respect of an Equity Instrument, the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall adjust the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement 
Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such 
adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.8. 
Delisting 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Delisting means that the Reference Market announces that pursuant to the rules of such Reference Market, the Equity 
Instruments cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Reference Market for any reason (other 
than a Merger or Tender Offer), and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as the Reference Market (or where the Reference Market is within the European 
Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
b. 
Consequences 
 
If a Delisting occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event 
Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.9. 
Correction of Reference Price of Equity Instrument 
 
If a Reference Price of Equity Instrument published on the Reference Market and used by the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of any calculation (the Initial Calculation) is subsequently corrected and if the correction (the 
Corrected Value) is published on the relevant Reference Market within one relevant Settlement Cycle following the 
Initial Calculation, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall notify the Corrected Value to the Sponsor as soon as

--- Page 338 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
338 
 
reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant price of the Equity Instruments (the New Calculation) using 
the Corrected Value.  
If the result of the New Calculation is different than the result of the Initial Calculation, the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
shall decide whether to (an Event Remedy), to the extent that it deems necessary, (a) adjust the Dynamic Portfolio 
accordingly and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.10. Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under the Dynamic Portfolio (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position). 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall adjust the Dynamic Portfolio (Event Remedy) if a Change in Law occurs , 
including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
 
1.11. Insolvency Filing 
Insolvency Filing means that the Company institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall, if a Insolvency Filing occurs, decide whether to adjust the Dynamic Portfolio (an 
Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (b) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.12. Additional methods of adjustment for Depository Receipts 
a. If the Equity Instrument specified in the applicable Specific Methodology is an Underlying Share (Depository 
Receipt), the provisions of paragraph (1) above (Adjustment of Equity Instruments) shall apply, with references to 
Equity Instrument being replaced by references to the Underlying Share. 
b. If the Deposit Agreement is terminated, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust the Dynamic 
Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (b) 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
1.13. Additional methods of adjustment for ETFs

--- Page 339 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
339 
 
If the Equity Instrument specified in the applicable Specific Methodology is an ETF unit, the following provisions shall 
apply. 
a. 
Adjustment of the ETF Underlying Index 
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio, if (i) the sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index materially amends the formula or method for 
calculating the ETF Underlying Index or makes any other material modification to the ETF Underlying Index (other 
than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain the ETF Underlying Index in the event 
of change to any of the shares comprised in the ETF Underlying Index, capitalisation or any other routine event), or (ii) 
the sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index fails to calculate and publish the ETF Underlying Index and no successor 
index using, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, a substantially similar formula and calculation method to 
that used for calculating the ETF Underlying Index is published, resulting in a material change to the price of the Equity 
Instrument. 
 
b. 
Change in Investment Policy  
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio, if the ETF Advisor of the Company makes or announces its intention to make a change to the 
investment objectives, risk profile or other investment guidelines of the Company, in any material respect, or makes any 
other substantial change to the terms and conditions of the Company, to the extent that the Equity Instruments cease, or 
are reasonably likely to cease, to replicate the ETF Underlying Index. 
c. 
 Liquidation 
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio, if due to the winding-up or voluntary or judicial liquidation of the ETF Administrator, the Equity Instruments 
have to be transferred to a manager, trustee, liquidator or other similar official, or the holders of the Equity Instruments 
are legally prohibited from transferring them. 
 
2. 
Adjustment applicable to Index Instruments 
2.1. 
Index Instruments  
The Events applicable to an Index Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
2.1.1 
Calculation and publication of an Index Instrument by a New Sponsor 
 
If an Index Instrument ceases to be calculated and/or published by the sponsor of such Index Instrument which exists on 
the Creation Date, but is calculated and/or published by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (the "New 
Sponsor"), the reference level of the Index Instrument shall be determined on the basis of the level of the Index 
Instrument as calculated and/or published by the New Sponsor. 
The name of the New Sponsor and the terms and conditions for the calculation and/or distribution of the Index 
Instrument shall be published as soon as possible. 
2.1.2 
Change in the calculation or replacement of an Index Instrument

--- Page 340 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
340 
 
If, the sponsor or, if applicable, the New Sponsor of an Index Instrument announces that it will make a material change 
in the formula for or method of calculating that Index Instrument or in any other way materially modified that Index 
Instrument (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of 
changes in constituent stock and capitalization and other routine event), or if the Sponsor of such Index Instrument 
replaces by a successor index using, in the determination of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, the same or substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index Instrument, then in each case such 
new index must be used as the new Index Instrument of the Dynamic Portfolio, and the Portfolio Calculation Agent will 
be entitled for the purpose of performing its obligation, either to: 
(a) 
use the Index Instrument so calculated or replace the Index Instrument with the new index, as applicable, by 
multiplying it, if necessary, by a factor that ensures the continuity of the Index Instrument used as the 
underlying index for the Dynamic Portfolio; the Index Instrument so calculated or the new index, as applicable, 
as well as the factor, if necessary, shall be published as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
shall decide whether to make adjustments to any other terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the affected Index Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio.  
2.1.3 
Non-publication or cessation of calculation of an Index Instrument  
 
If, on the Calculation Date or an earlier date, the original sponsor (which exists on the Creation Date) or the New 
Sponsor fails to publish or definitively stops calculating the Index Instrument without providing a new Index 
Instrument, or if it is no longer possible to use the Index Instrument as a  Portfolio Component of the Dynamic 
Portfolio, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to make adjustments to any other terms of the Dynamic 
Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the affected Index Instrument and (b) 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
2.1.4 
Change in Law 
 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under the Dynamic Portfolio (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust the other terms of the 
Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant index and (b) If 
the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
2.2. 
Additional adjustment for Index Instrument which is a Proprietary Index 
 
2.2.1 Publication of a Substitute Proprietary Index 
 
If a Proprietary Index (i) ceases to be calculated and published by the Index Calculation Agent of such Proprietary 
Index and/or ceases to be published by the sponsor of such Proprietary Index but is calculated by a replacement index 
calculation agent (the Replacement Index Calculation Agent) acceptable to the Portfolio Calculation Agent and/or is 
published by a replacement sponsor (the Replacement Sponsor) acceptable to the Portfolio Calculation Agent, or (ii) is 
replaced by a new proprietary index which uses, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, the same or a

--- Page 341 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
341 
 
substantially similar formula and calculation method as that used to calculate such Proprietary Index then, in each case, 
such substitute Proprietary Index (the Substitute Exane Index) shall be deemed to be the Proprietary Index. 
2.2.2 Modification and cessation of calculation of a Proprietary Index 
 
If the sponsor, or if applicable, the Replacement Sponsor of a relevant Proprietary Index, announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula or method of calculating that Proprietary Index or in any other way materially modified 
that Proprietary Index (other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain such 
Proprietary Index in the event of change to any of the index components comprised in the Proprietary Index, their 
capitalisation or any other routine event) (Proprietary Index Modification) or permanently cancels the Proprietary 
Index and no Substitute Proprietary Index exists (Proprietary Index Cancellation), then the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent shall decide whether to adjust any other terms of the Proprietary Index (an Event Remedy) by, in particular, (a) 
calculating the level of such Proprietary Index in accordance with the index rules in force prior to such modification or 
cancellation, but using only the index components immediately prior to such Proprietary Index Modification or 
Proprietary Index Cancellation, or (b) proceeding with Substitution of the Proprietary Index and (c) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio. 
2.2.3  Change of index advisor 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio, if (i) the index advisor of such Proprietary Index ceases to perform its functions and no satisfactory successor, 
in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, has been appointed to replace it within five (5) Exchange Business 
Days following such event, (ii) there is a change of control of the index advisor or (iii) the index advisor is no longer 
able, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, to perform its functions with the same care and attention as prior 
to the Creation Date, in particular due to a legal or regulatory decision or decision of a supervisory authority or is the 
subject of judicial reorganisation, liquidation or insolvency proceedings or, at any time, ceases to honour its debts or is 
the subject of a temporary or permanent withdrawal of its licence, or is the subject of disciplinary or administrative 
proceedings initiated by its supervisory authorities or acts in a fraudulent manner or any other event occurs which, in 
the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, has a material adverse effect on the Proprietary Index. 
2.2.4. Change in Law 
 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under the Index Instrument (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any other terms of the 
Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Proprietary 
Index and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it 
may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
3. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Fund Instruments 
The Events applicable to a Fund Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
3.1. 
Potential Adjustment Event

--- Page 342 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
342 
 
In the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of 
the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) adjust the new quantity or Weighting of Fund 
Instrument to which each Dynamic Portfolio henceforth relates and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines 
that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
 means any of the following: 
(1). 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Instruments, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Instrument to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or 
similar issue; 
(2). 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Instrument of (A) an additional 
amount of such Fund Instrument, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Fund Instrument, or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type of 
securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than 
the prevailing market price as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent; 
(3). 
an extraordinary dividend which characterization of or portion thereof shall be determined by Dynamic 
Portfolio the Calculation Agent; 
(4). 
a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Instrument whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Instrument initiated by an investor in 
such Fund Documents that is consistent with the Fund Documents; or 
(5). 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund 
Instrument. 
3.2. 
Merger  
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Merger means, in respect of any relevant Fund Instrument, any: 
(i) reclassification or change of such Fund Instrument that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Fund Instrument outstanding to another entity or person; 
(ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service 
Provider, as the context may require) with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding fund units exchange of all of such Fund Instrument outstanding); 
(iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase 
or otherwise obtain 100 % of the outstanding Fund Instrument of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as 
the context may require) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Fund Instruments 
(other than such Fund Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
(iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service 
Provider, as the context may require) or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Fund (or any 
applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require) is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Fund Instruments outstanding but results in the outstanding Fund Instruments 
(other than Fund Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively

--- Page 343 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
343 
 
representing less than 50% of the outstanding Fund Instruments immediately following such event (a "Reverse 
Merger"). 
 
b. 
Consequences  
 
In the event that a Merger occurs in respect of a Fund Instrument, the Portfolio Calculation Agent decide whether to 
adjust the other terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Fund 
Instruments with New Fund Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and (c) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.3. 
Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Fund (a Spin-Off), the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Fund Instruments with New 
Fund Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and (c) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.4. 
Nationalization 
Nationalization means that all the Fund Instruments or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalized, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
In the event of Nationalization, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall c decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument 
and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.5. 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (i) all the Fund Instruments of that Fund are required to be 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally 
prohibited from transferring or redeeming them. 
In the event of Insolvency, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic 
Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and (b) 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.6. 
Fund Instrument Insolvency Event 
A Fund Instrument Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Instrument, which the related Fund (or any 
applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require): 
(i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors;

--- Page 344 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
344 
 
(iii) (A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction 
of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency lax or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (B) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (A) above and either (x) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for tis winding-up or liquidation or 
(y) is not dismissed, discharger, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen (15) days of the institution or 
representation thereof; 
(iv) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(v) has secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or nay such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case, 
within fifteen (15) days thereafter; or 
(vi) cause or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (v) through (vi) above. 
In the event of a Fund Instrument Insolvency Event, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) electing to implement Substitution of the relevant 
Fund Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.7. Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension  
Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension means that settlements and/or subscriptions in the Fund are suspended, 
postponed, reduced, subject to any threshold or other constraint or partially executed or the Fund is closed to 
subscriptions and settlements, for any reason, without having obtained the prior written consent of the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent.  
If a Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust 
any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund 
Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.8. 
Subscription and/or Settlement Modification 
Subscription Settlement Modification means that (a) new subscription and/or settlement costs for a relevant Fund 
Instrument are introduced, (b) the notice period for Fund Instrument subscriptions and/or settlements is modified 
without having obtained the prior written consent of the Portfolio Calculation Agent or (c) the Fund modifies the terms 
and conditions at which subscription and/or settlement orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided in 
the Fund Documents as of the Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio or implements a modification of the conditions at 
which subscription and/or settlement orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless as to whether the 
principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Creation Date of the Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
If a Subscription and/or Settlement Modification occur(s), the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to 
adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant

--- Page 345 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
345 
 
Fund Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.9. 
Fees Modification 
Fees Modification means that (i) the Fund applies subscription or settlement fees that are higher than the subscription 
fees and the redemption fees respectively, as specified in the applicable Fund Documents at the Creation Date or (ii) the 
Fund applies any other fees (including any transaction fees or administrative costs) which are not specified in the Fund 
Documents at the Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio. 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent may adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio, including implementing Substitution 
of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Fees Modification occurs. 
3.10. Fund Documents Modification 
Fund Documents Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents from those 
prevailing on the Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such 
Fund Instrument or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-end fund that 
becomes a closed-end fund) as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
If a Fund Documents Modifications occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of 
the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and 
(b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.11. Fund Service Provider Event 
Fund Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation or termination of any Fund Service Provider and no 
successor deemed satisfactory in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent has been appointed within five (5) 
Exchange Business Days following such event, (b) a change of control or indirect control of the Fund Service Provider, 
(c) any Fund Service Provider is no longer able in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent to execute its duties 
with the same level of care and diligence as of the Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio, in particular as a result of a 
legal, regulatory or supervisory decision, (d) any Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider 
Insolvency Event, where “Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event” has the same meaning as a Fund Insolvency Event 
described above, (e) any Fund Service Provider fails to meet its financial commitments at any time, (f) any Fund 
Service Provider is subject to temporary or definitive withdrawal of its license or to disciplinary or administrative 
proceedings from its supervisory authorities or acts fraudulently in relation to the Fund, (g) in the reasonable opinion of 
the Portfolio Calculation Agent, any Fund Service Provider is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the 
standard care which was prevailing on the Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio, (h) the resignation, termination, 
death or replacement of any key person in the management of the Fund has occurred or (i) any other event which may, 
in the view of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, have a material adverse effect on the Fund. 
If a Fund Service Provider Event occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and (b) 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.12. Net Asset Value Disruption 
Net Asset Value Disruption means that (a) the Fund does not determine its Net Asset Value in accordance with its 
Fund Documents (b) fails to publish its Net Asset Value in accordance with its Fund Documents or (c) fails to carry out 
any action necessary for such determination or publication.

--- Page 346 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
346 
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Net Asset Value Disruption occurs and (b) 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.13. Fund Modification 
Fund Modification means (i) any failure by the Fund Adviser to act in accordance with the investment objectives, risk 
profile or investment guidelines of the Fund, (ii) the imposition by any regulatory body of any restriction limiting the 
ability of any Fund Service Provider to buy or sell shares or other assets, (iii) any limitation on the ability of any Fund 
Service Provider to buy or sell shares or other assets, for reasons relating to liquidity, unfavourable market conditions or 
decrease in the value of the Fund's assets, or (iv) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or 
affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of 
government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or 
affecting the Fund or any of its assets, where, in each case, the Portfolio Calculation Agent considers that such situation 
is unlikely to be remedied within a reasonable time. 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Fund Modification occurs and (b) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.14. Strategy Breach 
Strategy Breach means (1) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines specified in the relevant 
Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Instrument or risk profile of the Fund or the 
rights and remedies of any holders thereof  (in each case, as determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent) (2) or, even 
where the Fund Documents are not modified, any material modification or effect, as determined by the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Creation Date of the Dynamic 
Portfolio or of the performance of the Fund by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or 
reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the 
assets of the Fund, which in each case does not necessarily involve an amendment of the Fund Documents. 
If a Strategy Breach occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic 
Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and (b) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.15. Decrease of Assets Under Management 
Decrease of Assets Under Management means that the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that during the last 
twelve (12) month period, the total value of the assets managed by the Management Company or the Fund Adviser 
(including the Fund) has decreased by fifty per cent (50%) (due to either a settlement or decrease in the value of such 
assets). 
If a Decrease of Assets Under Management occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund 
Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.16. Regulatory Action 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Instrument:

--- Page 347 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
347 
 
(i) 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund or its Fund Instrument by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund or its Fund Instrument;  
(ii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the Fund or its Fund Service Provider 
which is likely, in the reasonable opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, to have an adverse impact on the 
value of such Fund Instrument or on any investor in the relevant Fund; or  
(iii) 
the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service 
Provider. 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Regulatory Action occurs and (b) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.17. Breach of Related Contract(s) 
Breach of Related Contracts means that the Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service 
Provider (i) fails to perform or breaches its obligations under any contract relating to the management of the Fund or 
any other contract relating to such Fund (the Related Contracts), (ii) terminate the Related Contract(s) for reasons 
beyond the control of the Sponsor, (iii) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the 
validity of such Related Contract(s). The Related Contracts may include, among other, any agreement entered into by 
the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service Provider with the Sponsor. 
If a Breach of Related Contract(s) occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of 
the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and 
(b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.18. Know Your Fund Procedures 
Know Your Fund Procedures means that, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, the Fund does not 
comply, in full or in part, with the "know your fund" procedures (including in particular its obligations in respect of 
money-laundering and terrorism financing).  
If a Know Your Fund Procedures occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instruments and 
(b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.19. Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date,  (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or 
new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that the 
Sponsor will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Dynamic Portfolio or the Related 
Contract(s) (as referred to in section (P) (Breach of Related Contracts) above) entered into by the Sponsor with the 
Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service Provider (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position).

--- Page 348 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
348 
 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio 
(an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instruments and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio. 
3.20. Reporting Disruption 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Instrument, (i) occurrence of any event affecting such Fund 
Instrument that, in the determination of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for 
the Portfolio Calculation Agent to determine the value of such Fund Instrument, and such event continues for at least 
the time period specified in the related Specific Methodology or, if no such time period is specified, the foreseeable 
future; (ii) any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) information that such Fund has agreed 
to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Portfolio Calculation Agent, or (B) information that has been previously 
delivered to the Portfolio Calculation Agent  in accordance with such Funds, or its authorised representative’s, normal 
practice and that the Portfolio Calculation Agent deems necessary for it to monitor such Fund’s compliance with any 
investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund Instruments. 
If a Reporting Disruption occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane 
Inde (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument and (b) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio if no other Event Remedy constitutes suitable remedy for such Event, as determined by 
the Technical Committee. 
3.21. Other events 
If any other event occurs and in the reasonable opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, affect the value or risk 
profile of the relevant Fund Instruments, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio 
(an Event Exane), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument, and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
4. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Futures Contract Instruments 
The Events applicable to a Futures Contract Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
4.1. 
Futures Contract Instruments listed by a third party 
If the Futures Contract Instrument is not listed by the Reference Market, but is listed by another person or party (the 
Third Party) who has been nominated by the Reference Market or any other competent market authority, the 
Reference Market shall be replaced by the Third Party.  
The same shall apply if the Third Party ceases to quote the price of the Futures Contract Instrument, but is replaced by 
another Third Party nominated as provided above.  
4.2. 
Modification of the specific terms, or replacement, of the Futures Contract Instrument 
If the Reference Market, the Third Party or the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument modifies, in any material 
respect, the formula or calculation method for the Futures Contract Instrument or makes any other material modification 
to the Futures Contract Instrument (other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to 
maintain the Futures Contract Instrument in the event of a change to the Futures Contract Underlying) or if the 
Reference Market, any other competent market authority or the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument replaces the

--- Page 349 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
349 
 
Futures Contract Instrument with a new futures contract, such new Futures Contract Instrument to be used as the new 
underlying of the Dynamic Portfolio, the Portfolio Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
may replace the Futures Contract Instrument with the modified Futures Contract Instrument or with the new 
substitute futures contract (as the case may be) multiplying it, if necessary, by a factor that ensures continuity 
in the evolution of the underlying instrument of the Dynamic Portfolio. The new or amended Futures Contract 
Instrument (as the case may be) and, if necessary, the factor, shall be notified to the Sponsor by the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
shall decide whether to make adjustments to any other terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. Cessation of price quotations for the Futures Contract 
Instrument 
If the Reference Market or Third Party permanently ceases to quote prices for the Futures Contract Instrument and does 
not provide a new futures contract instrument, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to make 
adjustments to any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the 
relevant Futures Contract Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is 
impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio.  
4.3. 
Calculation and publication of the Futures Contract Instrument by a sponsor 
If the Futures Contract Instrument (i) is not calculated and published by the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument, 
but is calculated and published by a successor sponsor deemed acceptable by the Portfolio Calculation Agent, or (ii) is 
replaced by a successor contract which, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, utilises the same, or a 
substantially similar, formula and calculation method as those used to calculate the Futures Contract Instrument, such 
contract (the Successor Futures Contract Instrument) shall be deemed to be the Futures Contract Instrument, and the 
Appendix 2 shall be interpreted accordingly. 
4.4. 
Publication of the Reference Price of the Futures Contract Instrument 
If the Reference Market, or as the case may be, the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument fails to publish the 
Reference Price of the Futures Contract Instrument, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Futures 
Contract Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio.  
4.5. 
Change in Law  
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation, order, regulatory decision, any order of any regulatory or 
taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any 
change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Dynamic Portfolio (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic 
Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract 
Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio.  
 
5. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Debt Security Instruments

--- Page 350 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
350 
 
5.1. 
Correction of the Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument  
If the Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument published by the relevant Reference Market or obtained by the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is corrected to a material extent after the Calculation Date, then the 
corrected price shall be deemed to be the Reference Price of the Debt Security Instrument applicable on the Calculation 
Date. 
5.2. 
Merger 
In the event that the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instrument) merges with, or is absorbed by, another issuer 
company (other than a merger of which the issuer Company is the surviving entity) (the Merger), the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to elect (an Event Remedy) to (a) replace the Debt Security Instruments with 
New Debt Security Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument and (b) If the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently 
cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
5.3. 
Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instrument) (Spin-off), the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including to (a) replace 
the Debt Security Instruments with New Debt Security Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Debt 
Security Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
5.4. 
Insolvency, Restructuring and Deterioration of the Company 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio, (i) in the event of a Debt Security Instrument Bankruptcy, (ii) acceleration of the Debt Security Instrument, 
(iii) restructuring of the Debt Security Instrument, either by a reduction of the initially specified rate or amount of 
interest payable or accruing, a reduction in the amount of any premium or principal due at maturity or on the initially 
specified settlement dates, or any postponement of any date or dates on which it is provided (x) that an interest payment 
is to be made or interest begins to accrue or (y) that a repayment of principal or payment of any premium is to be made, 
or any lowering of the priority ranking or status of the Debt Security Instrument, or any change in the monetary unit in 
which repayments of principal or payments of interest must be made, or in their composition, or (iv) any material 
deterioration in the financial situation of the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instrument), in the opinion of the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent.  
5.5. 
Change to the Debt Security Instrument Nominal Value 
In the event of a change to the Debt Security Instrument Nominal Value, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide 
whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) including (a) adjust the new quantity or 
Weighting of Debt Security Instruments to which each Dynamic Portfolio henceforth relates and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio.  
For this purpose, Debt Security Instrument Nominal Value means the nominal value assigned to the Debt Security 
Instrument. 
5.6. 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer

--- Page 351 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
351 
 
If an Offer Period commences, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may, having examined its characteristics and relevant 
practical arrangements, elect (a) to maintain the Debt Security Instrument, (b) replace it with the debt instrument issued 
by the Offeror and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or 
inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
If the Portfolio Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment during the Offer Period in accordance with the paragraph 
below and if the Company is the subject of a successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer (the Tender Offer), the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) including (a) 
to maintain the Debt Security Instrument as an Portfolio Component, (b) replace the Debt Security Instrument with the 
Substitute Debt Security Instrument, (c) implement Substitution of the Debt Security Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio. 
For the purposes of this section (Cash/Exchange Tender Offer): 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means any acquisition offer made by one or more legal entities (or if applicable one or 
more individuals) (the Offeror) in respect of one or more Debt Security Instruments giving rights to share capital in the 
Company(ies) under the relevant national law, and for a fixed price. 
Offer Period means the period from (and including) the date on which the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer is officially 
announced by the Offeror in whatever manner to the competent supervisory authorities in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction, up to (but excluding) the date of the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer. 
5.7. 
Buy-Back Offer 
In the event of a buy-back offer by the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instruments) (the Buy-Back Offer), the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) 
including electing (an Event Remedy): 
(a) 
to maintain the relevant Debt Security Instrument as an Portfolio Component of the Dynamic Portfolio, or 
(b) 
to replace the relevant Debt Security Instrument with the debt instrument issued by the Company, or 
(c) 
to liquidate the relevant Debt Security Instruments, or 
(d) 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio. 
5.8. 
Financial default 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) 
including (a) proceeding with the Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio, (i) if a hypothetical investor in a Debt Security Instrument has not received all or any of the coupons 
and/or principal on the dates specified in the applicable Debt Security Instrument documentation in force on the 
Creation Date; or (ii) if an event occurs that may have the same consequences such as a restructuring, insolvency, 
repudiation or moratorium (Financial Default). 
 
 
5.9. 
Change in law

--- Page 352 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
352 
 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio if, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any regulatory or taxation authority, or any regulation, rule or 
procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation 
authority), the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Dynamic Portfolio (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
 
6. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Listed Option Instruments 
6.1. 
Listed Option Instrument listed by a third party 
If the Listed Option Instrument is not listed by the Exchange, but is listed by another person or party which has been 
nominated by the Exchange or any other competent market authority (the Third Party), the Exchange shall be replaced 
by the Third Party.   
The same shall apply if the Third-Party ceases to quote the price of the Listed Option Instrument, but is replaced by 
another Third Party nominated as provided above. 
6.2. 
Modification of the terms applicable to the Listed Option, or replacement, of the Listed Option 
If the Exchange or the Third Party substantially amends the terms applicable to the Listed Option or if the Exchange or 
the Third Party replaces the Listed Option with another listed option, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide 
whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including: 
(a) 
replacing the Listed Option Instrument with the amended Listed Option Instrument or by another listed 
option, as applicable and by applying, if necessary, an adjustment coefficient ensuring that the relevant Listed 
Option Instrument may continue to be used for the Dynamic Portfolio. The amended Listed Option 
Instrument or the other listed option, as the case may be, and, if necessary, the adjustment coefficient shall be 
notified as soon as possible to the Sponsor by the Portfolio Calculation Agent as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
implementing Substitution of the Listed Option. 
(c) 
permanently cancelling the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
 
 
 
 
6.3. 
Cessation of price quotations on the Listed Option

--- Page 353 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
353 
 
If the exchange or Third Party permanently ceases to quote prices for the Listed Option Instrument, the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including: 
(a) 
implementing Substitution of the Listed Option. 
(b) 
permanently cancelling the Dynamic Portfolio. 
6.4. 
Change in Law 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Listed Option Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio if, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any regulatory or taxation authority, or any regulation, rule or 
procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation 
authority), the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Dynamic Portfolio (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
 
7. Adjustment methods applicable to FX Instruments Instruments 
 
(a)  Substitution of a domestic currency with another domestic currency  
In the event that an FX Instrument relates to a domestic currency that is replaced by another currency (the Substitute 
Currency), the Substitute Currency shall be used in place of the replaced domestic currency, using the fixed conversion 
rate between such domestic currency and the Substitute Currency, as established by the relevant authorities.  
(b) Currency of a Member State of the European Union participating in the third phase of economic and 
monetary union introduced on 1 January 1999  
In the event that an FX Instrument relates to a domestic currency that will be replaced by the euro due to participation 
of a Member State of the European Union in the third phase of economic and monetary union introduced on 1 January 
1999, the domestic currency shall be converted into euro using the fixed conversion rate between such domestic 
currency and the euro, as established by the Council of the European Union in accordance with article 123 (4) of the 
Treaty, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest one-hundredth of a euro (0.005 euro being rounded-up to the next 
highest one hundredth of a euro). 
(c)  Cessation of publication of Exchange Rate 
If the Price Source permanently ceases to publish the FX Instrument and no Substitute FX Instrument is available, the 
Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant FX Instrument. 
(d)  Change in Law 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event 
Remedy) including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevantFX Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio if, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any regulatory or taxation authority, or any 
regulation, rule or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new

--- Page 354 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
354 
 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxation authority), the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Dynamic Portfolio (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
 
8. Adjustment methods applicable to OTC Derivatives Instruments 
 
In case of the occurrence of an event of default or a termination event as defined into the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement 
or 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) 
which cause the early termination of the OTC Derivatives Instrument, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide 
whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), including:   
(a)  
replacing the OTC Derivatives Instrument with the amended OTC Derivatives Instrument or by another OTC 
Derivatives Instrument, as applicable and by applying, if necessary, an adjustment coefficient ensuring that 
the relevant Listed Option Instrument may continue to be used for the Dynamic Portfolio. The amended OTC 
Derivatives Instrument or the other OTC derivatives instrument, as the case may be, and, if necessary, the 
adjustment coefficient shall be notified as soon as possible to the Sponsor by the Portfolio Calculation Agent 
as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
implementing Substitution of the OTC Derivatives Instrument; and 
(c) 
if the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may 
permanently cancel the Dynamic Portfolio

--- Page 355 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
355 
 
9. Adjustment methods applicable to Dynamic Portfolio Instruments 
 
(i) 
Modification and cessation of calculation of a Dynamic Portfolio Instrument 
If the Portfolio Sponsor of the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument announces that it will make a material change in the 
formula or method of calculating that Dynamic Portfolio Instrument or in any other way materially modified that 
Dynamic Portfolio Instrument (other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain 
such Dynamic Portfolio Instrument in the event of change to any of the Portfolio Components comprised in the 
Dynamic Portfolio Instrument, their capitalisation or any other routine event) (Portfolio Modification) or permanently 
cancels the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument (Portfolio Cancellation), then the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide 
whether to adjust any other terms of the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument (an Event Remedy)by, in particular, (a) 
calculating the level of such Dynamic Portfolio in accordance with the Dynamic Portfolio rules in force prior to such 
modification or cancellation, but using only the Portfolio Components immediately prior to such Portfolio Modification 
or Portfolio Cancellation, (b) proceeding with Substitution of the Proprietary Index and (c) If the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the Dynamic 
Portfolio. 
(ii) 
Change of Portfolio Advisor 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio, if (i) the Portfolio Advisor of the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument ceases to perform its functions and 
no satisfactory successor, in the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, has been appointed to replace it within five 
(5) Exchange Business Days following such event, (ii) there is a change of control of the Portfolio Advisor of the 
Dynamic Portfolio Instrument or (iii) the Portfolio Advisor of the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument is no longer able, in the 
opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, to perform its functions with the same care and attention as prior to the 
Creation Date, in particular due to a legal or regulatory decision or decision of a supervisory authority or is the subject 
of judicial reorganisation, liquidation or insolvency proceedings or, at any time, ceases to honour its debts or is the 
subject of a temporary or permanent withdrawal of its licence, or is the subject of disciplinary or administrative 
proceedings initiated by its supervisory authorities or acts in a fraudulent manner or any other event occurs which, in 
the opinion of the Portfolio Calculation Agent, has a material adverse effect on the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument . 
(iii) 
Change in Law 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Dynamic Portfolio (an Event Remedy) 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Dynamic Portfolio Instrument and (b) If the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent determines that any such adjustment is impossible or inappropriate, it may permanently cancel the 
Dynamic Portfolio if, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any regulatory or taxation authority, or any 
regulation, rule or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxation authority), the Portfolio Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under the Dynamic Portfolio Instrument (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position).

--- Page 356 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
356 
 
APPENDIX 3 – FORM OF SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF DYNAMIC PORTFOLIOS 
 
 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF THE [●] DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO 
The methodology of the [●] Dynamic Portfolio is composed of a general methodology (the “General 
Methodology”) and of a specific methodology (the “Specific Methodology”) (together the “Methodology”). 
The General Methodology is available within the Base Prospectus on www.exane.com/exaneIssues. Any terms in 
uppercase not defined in this Specific Methodology shall have the meaning as given in the General Methodology. 
The Dynamic Portfolio has been jointly developed by Exane Derivatives (the “Portfolio Sponsor”) and [●] (the 
“Portfolio Advisor”). Exane Derivatives will act as calculation agent (the “Portfolio Calculation Agent”).  
Contact details for the Portfolio Sponsor, the Portfolio Advisor and the Portfolio Calculation Agent are set out 
below.For the Portfolio Advisor are as such: 
For the Portfolio Advisor: 
Name : [●] 
Email : [●] 
Telephone : [●] 
For the Portfolio Sponsor and the Portfolio Calculation Agent: 
Name: Andre-Georges Amadieu & Céline Ma  
Email: exane.flex@exane.com  
 
1. OBJECTIVE OF THE DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO AND SELECTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
COMPONENTS 
1.1 Objectives 
[The [●] Dynamic Portfolio is designed to provide an exposure to the equity markets using a dynamic basket of 
Equity Instruments (including shares and ETF) [and Proprietary Indices.]] [●] (If applicable, describe any 
additionnal objective, strategy, management style and/or investment sector of the Dynamic Portfolio)  
The [ISIN code / Bloomberg code] of the Dynamic Portfolio is [●]. 
The Creation Date of the Dynamic Portfolio is [●] with a value of [●].  
The Dynamic Portfolio is expressed in [●] (the Base Currency) and rounded to two decimals places. 
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the General Methodology. 
1.2 Selection of the portfolio components 
The Dynamic Portfolio is composed of:  
- Equity Instruments: [All ETFs and Shares related to the Dynamic Portfolio objectives and that have a daily 
liquidity greater than EUR 1 million (or equivalent) will be eligible.] [●] (If applicable, describe any additional

--- Page 357 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
357 
 
criteria on the eligible Equity Instruments such as sectorial constraints, inclusion in an index, exclusion of  
certain instruments etc. ) 
[- Exane Proprietary Indices: All existing or future Exane Proprietary Indices related to the Dynamic Portfolio 
objectives will be eligible subject to approval by the Portfolio Calculation Agent, including equity indices and 
monetary indices.] (remove if not applicable) 
Liquidity is defined as the minimum of the average daily traded amount over the past month and the past six 
months according to Bloomberg for the most liquid venue and converted in USD. 
If needed, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may use the following Main Monetary Index depending on the 
currency applicable to the financial instruments linked to the Dynamic Portfolio: The relevant Exane Capitalized 
Monetary Index corresponding to the Base Currency. 
The initial composition of the Dynamic Portfolio is established by the Portfolio Advisor subject to the approval 
of the Portfolio Calculation Agent in charge to verify the initial composition is complying with  the 
Methodology. The initial composition is detailed into the terms and conditions of the relevant financial 
instruments indexed to the relevant Dynamic Portfolio. 
The composition of the Dynamic Portfolio may be modified according to the procedure set out in clause 4 below 
and at the Portfolio Advisor’s sole discretion, subject to the approval of the Portfolio Calculation Agent in 
charge to verify on an ongoing basis that the composition of the Dynamic Portfolio is complying with the 
Methodology. For the avoidance of doubt, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may choose not to approve a 
modification, in particular in the event that the Portfolio Calculation Agent deems that a proposed modification 
creates a non-negligible risk that the liquidative value of the Dynamic Portfolio becomes negative. The Portfolio 
Advisor’s proposals are based on a discretionary analysis guided by a goal of optimising the Dynamic 
Portfolio’s risk / reward ratio and in order to maintain the continuity of the Dynamic Portfolio objective. 
 
2. DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION RULES  
The calculation of the Dynamic Portfolio will take place according to the conditions described in Appendix 1 of the 
General Methodology “Calculation Method of the Dynamic Portfolios”. 
2.1 
Maximum number of Rebalancing 
The Portfolio Advisor may change the composition of the Dynamic Portfolio up to [●] times per year. Each 
additional Rebalancing shall be agreed with the Portfolio Sponsor and would lead to additional costs.  
2.2 
Rebalancing Date 
Any Exchange Business Day, to the extent of the Maximum number of Rebalancing, on which the Portfolio 
Components are modified as requested by the Portfolio Advisor in accordance with the procedure described in 
paragraph 4 below.

--- Page 358 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
358 
 
2.3 
Weighting Constraints 
For the purpose of this Specific Methodology, “Weightings” means the weights of the Portfolio Components, 
“𝒘𝒊(𝒕)” being the weight of each Portfolio Component i on Calculation Day t. 
- 
The sum of 𝒘𝒊 for all i will be equal to 100%, the Dynamic Portfolio is fully invested. 
- 
[There will be at least [●] Portfolio Components.] (Remove if not applicable) 
- 
[The weight of each Portfolio Component is equal to, or lower than [●]%.] (Remove if not applicable) 
- 
The weight  𝒘𝒊(𝒅) for each Equity Instrument is equal to, or lower than, 
𝑫𝒚𝒏𝒂𝒎𝒊𝒄𝑷𝒐𝒓𝒕𝒇𝒐𝒍𝒊𝒐(𝟎)
𝑫𝒚𝒏𝒂𝒎𝒊𝒄𝑷𝒐𝒓𝒕𝒇𝒐𝒍𝒊𝒐(𝒅−𝟏) ×
𝑳𝒊𝒒𝒖𝒊𝒅𝒊𝒕𝒚𝒊(𝒅−𝟏)/𝟑
𝑶𝒖𝒕𝒔𝒕𝒂𝒏𝒅𝒊𝒏𝒈𝑪𝒆𝒓𝒕𝒊𝒇𝒊𝒄𝒂𝒕𝒆𝒔(𝒅−𝟏). 
 
Dynamic Portfolio(0) is the official closing level of the Dynamic Portfolio on its Creation Date. 
Dynamic Portfolio(d-1) is the official closing level of the Dynamic Portfolio on the Calculation Date 
preceding a Rebalancing Date d. 
Liquidityi(d-1) is defined on the Calculation Date preceding a Rebalancing Date d as the minimum of the 
average daily traded amount of the Portfolio Componenti over the past month and the past six months 
according to Bloomberg for the most liquid venue and expressed in the Base Currency. 
OutstandingCertificates(d-1) represents the part of the outstanding nominal amount that is not held by Exane 
Derivatives of any certificate(s) or any other product(s) linked to the Dynamic Portfolio and issued by any 
issuer of the Exane Group or any third party issuer for which Exane Derivatives is acting as dealer or arranger, 
on the Calculation Date preceding Rebalancing Date d, and expressed in the Base Currency. 
 
3. DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO VALUE CALCULATION METHOD AND FORMULA  
3.1 Dynamic Portfolio value on each Calculation Date  
The Dynamic Portfolio is calculated and published only on Calculation Dates as defined in the General 
Methodology. 
The value of the Dynamic Portfolio on a Calculation Date t is determined according to the following formula: 
𝐃𝐲𝐧𝐚𝐦𝐢𝐜𝐏𝐨𝐫𝐭𝐟𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐨(𝐭) = 
𝐃𝐲𝐧𝐚𝐦𝐢𝐜𝐏𝐨𝐫𝐭𝐟𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐨(𝐭−𝟏) × [∑𝐰𝐢(𝐭−𝟏) ×
𝐂𝐨𝐦𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢(𝐭)
𝐂𝐨𝐦𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢(𝐭−𝟏)
𝐢
] × (1 −RebalancingCosts −𝐑𝐅
𝟐𝟓𝟐) 
 
Where:  
Dynamic Portfolio(0) is the value of the Dynamic Portfolio on its Creation Date. 
𝑪𝒐𝒎𝒑𝒐𝒏𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒊(𝒕) is the official closing price or level of the Portfolio Componenti, converted into the Base 
Currency of the Dynamic Portfolio as the case may be, as the applicable Reference Price of the Portfolio 
Componenti .

--- Page 359 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
359 
 
Rebalancing Costs are equal to [●]% on the rebalanced volume. 
RF is the Exane Proprietary Indices replication fees equal to [●]%* WE(d), if any. WE(d) is the sum of the 
weight(s) of Portfolio Components that are Exane Proprietary Indices, if any, except for Monetary Indices, on the 
last Rebalancing Date d. 
d is the last date, known on Calculation Date t, where one or more wi has been modified as requested by the 
Portfolio Advisor as per paragraph 4 below. 
i is the Portfolio Components numbers for which the Portfolio Advisor asks for an increase or a decrease of 
weight. 
3.2 Reinvestment of income and profits of a Portfolio Component 
The income and profits (after potential withholding tax) of a Portfolio Component, if applicable, shall be 
reinvested in the Main Monetary Index, converted in the Base Currency. 
In the case of any Portfolio Component expected to pay a dividend from sources within the United States and 
thus subject to the U.S 871(m) withholding regime, the reinvestment of income and profits will be equal to 55% 
taking into account inter alia the applicable U.S withholding tax. 
3.3 Events relating to the Portfolio Components and Market Disruption Events 
If certain events, as described into the General Methodology and affecting one or more Portfolio Components 
occur, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may, as regards to the Dynamic Portfolio, continue to execute its 
obligations, subject to any adjustments it deems necessary. In this respect, the Portfolio Calculation Agent shall 
apply the methods described in Appendix 2 “Adjustments of the Dynamic Portfolios following an Event” of the 
General Methodology. 
 
 
4. 
PORTFOLIO ADVISOR DISCRETIONARY 
CHANGES IN 
THE DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO 
COMPOSITION  
On any Exchange Business Day (meaning a day on which the commercial banks are open and the foreign 
exchange markets are operating in Paris -France) and up to the Number of Reblancing, the Portfolio Advisor may 
change the composition of the Portfolio Components and their Weightings via the following steps: 
Step 1: The Portfolio Advisor shall send an email ito the Portfolio Calculation Agent before 12:00 am (Paris 
time).  
Step 2: The proposed composition shall be deemed valid on reception by the Portfolio Advisor of a confirmation 
transmitted by the Portfolio Calculation Agent by email the same day. 
Step 3: after notifying its acceptance to the Portfolio Advisor and except in cases of exceptional market 
conditions the Portfolio Calculation Agent will: 
o 
determine the first Exchange Business Day tradable for all the Portfolio Components (the 
“Dynamic Portfolio Modification Day”) with respect to the applicable market of the Portfolio 
Components; 
o 
determine the number of Exchange Business Days tradable for all the Portfolio Components 
over which the proposed modification will be implemented. 
o 
implement the proposed modification on the applicable Reference Prices of the Portfolio 
Components on the Rebalancing Period.

--- Page 360 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
360 
 
5. ROLES 
The management of the Dynamic Portfolio is performed by the Portfolio Advisor and the Portfolio Calculation 
Agent. The Portfolio Calculation Agency and Portfolio Advisory Agreement defines their contractual relation, as 
for the Dynamic Portfolio, their respective roles are as follows.   
5.1 Portfolio Advisor 
The Portfolio Advisor is responsible for the composition and weightings of the Dynamic Portfolio with the terms 
set out in clause 1.   
5.2 Portfolio Calculation Agent and Portfolio Sponsor 
Exane Derivatives is acting as Potfolio Calculation Agent and Portfolio Sponsor for the purpose of the Dynamic 
Portfolio under the terms and conditions set forth in the Methodology and subject to the terms of the Calculation 
Agency and Portfolio Advisory Agreement. 
Exane Derivatives is authorised to do business as an investment firm by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de 
Résolution (the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority) (ACPR) and to offer investment services as 
defined by article L. 321-1 of the Monetary and Financial Code. In performing its business, Exane Derivatives is 
subject to the supervision of the ACPR and of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the French financial markets 
authority). Exane Derivatives is a general partnership with registered office at 6, rue Ménars – 75002 Paris – 
France. 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent performs its functions on a daily basis.  
The Portfolio Calculation Agent is solely responsible for the application of the Dynamic Portfolio calculation 
methods and process and, the case being, makes the appropriate adjustments and modifications. 
In accordance with the terms of clause 1 above, the Portfolio Calculation Agent validates any modification in the 
Dynamic Portfolio proposed by the Portfolio Advisor. To this end, the Portfolio Calculation Agent may contact 
the Portfolio Advisor when it considers necessary regarding any possible question. However, the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent will not itself make any proposition or suggestion concerning the composition of the Dynamic 
Portfolio.  
The Portfolio Calculation Agent verifies the proper execution of the construction method and the Portfolio 
Advisor’s discretionnary changes.  
Additionally, the Portfolio Calculation Agent will publish the Methodology of the Dynamic Portfolio, the 
composition and the value of the Dynamic Portfolio  on the www.exane.com website 
The Portfolio Calculation Agent declines any liability in connection with the Dynamic Portfolio level at any 
given time. The Portfolio Calculation Agent can not be held liable for any loss whatsoever, directly or indirectly, 
related to the Dynamic Portfolio. 
 
 
INDICES – TABLES OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES ............................................................................ 713 
Appendix 1 “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices” ................................................................................................ 723 
Appendix 2 “Adjustments of the Exane Indices following an Event” ............................................................................ 733 
Appendix X - List of Admissible Markets and Admissible Quote Currencies ............................................................... 757 
Appendix Y - Liste of Withholding Tax applicable to dividends ................................................................................... 758 
Appendix Z - List of the 17 market makers .................................................................................................................... 762 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES.............................................................................. 763

--- Page 361 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
361 
 
PROPRIETARY INDICES 
 
GENERAL METHODOLOGY OF EXANE INDICES 
Introduction 
In the course of its business, Exane Derivatives may offer a range of indices that are calculated within the Exane group 
(the Exane Indices or each an “Exane Index” or a “Proprietary Index or Indices”). 
This document describes the general principle and how the Exane Indices are calculated (the General Methodology). It 
should be read in conjunction with the specific methodologies for each Exane Index (individually the Specific 
Methodology and collectively the Methodologies). 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodologies, Exane Derivatives acts as both the Sponsor and the Index 
Calculation Agent for the Exane Indices. 
1. Definitions 
 
Base Currency  
refers to the currency in which the Exane Index is denominated, as specified in each 
Specific Methodology. 
Benchmarks Regulation  
means, when applicable, the Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in 
financialinstruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) 596/2014 ((EU) 2016/1011 
BGN 
means the Bloomberg Generic Pricing last price for the Debt Security Instrument. 
BVAL  
means the mid Reference Price of the current Debt Instrument as published on the 
Bloomberg Page HP (Historical Price- Source BVAL) and corresponding to the 
Bloomberg Valuation for the Debt Security Instrument. 
Calculation Date 
refers to an Exchange Business Day where more than seventy-five per cent (75%) or 
on any other percentage as mentioned in the Specific Methodology of the Reference 
Prices of Index Components are obtained by the Index Calculation Agent according 
to the method detailed in Appendix 1, paragraph 2 and that is a TARGET 2 Business 
Day. 
CBBT 
means the Composite Bloomberg Bond Trader last price as published on the 
Bloomberg Page ALLQ for the Debt Security Instrument. 
Constant  
refers to a fixed number, associated to an eligible currency, which can belong to the 
Exane Index in the same way as an Index Component, although without being an 
Instrument (Equity, Fund, Index, Futures Contract or Debt Security). 
Creation Date 
refers to the date of creation of an Exane Index and as specified in each Specific 
Methodology. 
Creation Value 
refers to the value of the Exane index at the Creation Date. 
Debt Instrument Bankruptcy  
means a Company (the issuer of the Debt Security Instrument) which (a) is 
dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to 
pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (d) institutes or has instituted 
against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the

--- Page 362 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
362 
 
entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within thirty (30) calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a 
resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject 
to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its 
assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or 
has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained, in each case within thirty (30) calendar days thereafter; or (h) causes or 
is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) to 
(g) (inclusive). 
 
Debt Security Instrument 
refers to any financial instrument (including a bond, a convertible bond or a 
perpetual bond) or any debt securities that confer the same creditor right for the 
same nominal value or representing a right of claim over the legal entity that issued 
such instrument that forms part of an Exane Index. 
 
Depositary  
means the entity acting as depositary of the Fund. 
Deposit Agreement  
means the contract or other financial instrument constituting the Depository Receipt, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 
Equity Instrument 
refers to a share or, as applicable, an ordinary share in the company’s capital, a 
depository receipt representing ownership of the underlying share (a Depository 
Receipt), or a share in an exchange traded fund (an ETF or Exchange Traded 
Fund) that forms part of an Exane Index, each being issued by a company (a 
Company). 
 
Equity Instrument Clearing 
System  
means the principal domestic clearing system normally used to settle transactions on 
the Equity Instrument at the relevant time, as determined in good faith by the Index 
Calculation Agent. 
 
Equity Instrument Clearing  
System Business Day 
means any day on which the Equity Instrument Clearing System is open (or would 
have been open, but for the occurrence of an Equity Instrument Clearing System 
Settlement Disruption Event) for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
 
Equity Instrument Clearing

--- Page 363 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
363 
 
System Settlement Disruption 
Event  
means an event outside the control of the Issuer, as a result of which (i) the Equity 
Instrument Clearing System cannot clear the transfer of the Equity Instrument or (ii) 
the Equity Instrument Clearing System ceases to clear all or any of its shares. 
 
ETF Administrator  
means the administrator, trustee or similar person with principal administrative 
responsibility for such ETF, as determined in good faith by the Index Calculation 
Agent. 
ETF Advisor  
means the person appointed to act as investment manager or investment adviser of 
the ETF, as determined in good faith by the Index Calculation Agent. 
 
ETF Underlying Index  
means the reference index to which such ETF is linked, as determined in good faith 
by the Index Calculation Agent. 
 
Event Effective Date 
means the effective date of the Event, as determined by the Index Calculation Agent. 
Exane Research 
refers to one of the research team of the Exane Group. 
Exchange Business Day 
means any: 
 
(i) Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference Market and the related exchange 
(if any) of an Equity Instrument, a Debt Security Instrument, a Listed Option 
Instrument or an Index Instrument (for mono-exchange index only), as the case may 
be, are open for trading during their respective regular trading session, 
notwithstanding such Market Reference or related exchange closing prior to its 
scheduled weekday closing time on such date, without regards to after-hours or any 
other trading outside of the regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(ii) Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference Market of a Futures Contract 
Instrument or a Listed Option Instrument is open for trading during its regular 
trading session, notwithstanding the Reference Market closing prior to its scheduled 
weekday closing time on such date, without regards to after-hours or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(iii) date on which a valid order may be executed by a hypothetical investor based on 
the Fund document in force on the Creation Date of the Exane Index; and/or  
(iv) Scheduled Trading Day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for multi-
exchange index only) publishes the level of the Index Instrument and the related 
exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such 
related exchange closing prior to its scheduled weekday closing time on such date, 
without regards to after-hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
sessions: 
 
(v) Scheduled Trading Day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for 
Proprietary Index only) publishes the level of the Index Instrument. 
(vi) in any other circumstances and for FX Instruments, OTC Derivatives 
Instruments, Scheduled Trading Day on which a day on which the commercial banks 
are open and the foreign exchange markets are operating in Paris –France.

--- Page 364 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
364 
 
Fund  
means any collective investment scheme or structure governed by French or foreign 
law, or any sub-fund of a collective investment scheme or structure governed by 
French or foreign law. 
 
Fund Adviser  
means any person authorised to act as discretionary investment manager or non-
discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser 
of a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for the 
Fund. 
Fund Documents  
means, with respect to any Fund, the constitutive documents, subscription 
agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions 
relating to such Fund  
 
Fund Instrument 
refers any share or unit of a collective investment scheme or structure governed by 
French or foreign law, or any sub-fund of a collective investment scheme or 
structure governed by French or foreign law that forms part of an Exane Index. 
Fund Service Provider  
means, in respect to any Fund, any person or entity who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund 
Documents, including any fund adviser, fund administrator, manager, trustee, 
auditor or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such 
Fund, operator, management company, depositary, custodian, subcustodian, prime 
broker, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent. 
 
Futures Contract Instrument 
refers to a futures contract that forms parts of an Exane Index. 
Futures Contract Underlying  
means, in respect of the relevant Futures Contract instrument, the index(ices), 
share(s), debt instrument(s) or commodity(ies). 
FX Instrument 
refers to any exchange rate that forms part of an Exane Index. 
Hypothetical Investor  
means any hypothetical or real investor (as determined by the Index Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Instrument, who is deemed 
to have the rights and obligations, as specified in the relevant Fund Documents, of 
an investor holding a Fund Instrument on the relevant date. The Index Calculation 
Agent may assume that the Hypothetical Investor is resident in a jurisdiction or 
incorporated in a jurisdiction, and that it is, without limitation, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), the Index Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as 
the Index Calculation Agent may determine in the context of the relevant situation). 
 
Index Advisor 
refers to the relevant body or entity specified as such in the Specific Methodology 
which is responsible for providing the Index Calculation Agent with the relevant 
information required for calculating and maintaining the Exane Index, notably that 
relating to the choice of Index Components, and which may include, without 
limitation, the Index Committee, the Exane Research and/or any external entity 
appointed by the Sponsor. 
Index Advisor Fees 
refers to the fees that may be paid the Index Advisor as the case may be.

--- Page 365 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
365 
 
Index Asset Class 
refers to the asset class that composed the Exane Index and specified into the 
Specific Methodology. 
Index Calculation Agent 
refers to the company or any other entity whose role is to calculate the values of the 
Exane Indices and/or to make Adjustments applicable to the Exane Indices. 
Index Committee 
refers to the relevant committee composed of members of the Sponsor front office 
dedicated to the allocation of Index Components for the relevant Exane Indices. 
 
Index Category 
refers to the category to which the Exane Index is belonging between systematic 
Indices and discretionary indices. The Index Category is specified into the Specific 
Methodology. 
Index Component  
refers to an Equity Instrument, a Fund Instrument, an Index Instrument, a Futures 
Contract Instrument a Listed Option Instrument, an OTC Derivative Instrument 
and/or a Debt Security Instrument and/or a Constant. 
Index Fees  
refers to any fee applied to the Exane Indices as specified into the Specific 
Methodology and that are necessary for the proper functioning of the Exane Index. 
The Index Fees may have the form of Rebalancing Costs, Index Advisor Fees, 
Reinvestment Fees, Maintenance Fees and any other specific fees as detailed into the 
relevant Specific Methodology. 
Index Format  
refers to the possible reinvestment of the dividend (net total return) or not (price 
return). The Index Format is specified into the Specific Methodology. 
Index Instrument  
refers to an index that forms part of an Exane Index (which may include, for the 
avoidance of doubt reference indices, a mono-exchange index, a multi-exchanges 
index, currency hedge indices monetary indices or an Exane Index (for this latter 
and the sake of clarity, it will be named in the relevant following paragraphs as a 
“Proprietary Index”).  
Investment List 
refers to a list of Index Components provided by Exane Research or any other 
independent entity as specified into the Specific Methodology. 
Listed Option Instrument  
refers to a listed option that forms parts of an Exane Index. 
Maintenance Fees 
refers to the fees required by the Index Sponsor for the appropriate execution of the 
administration of the Proprietary Index and as specified into the Specific 
Methodology. 
Management Company  
means the entity acting as management company for the relevant Fund Instrument. 
Net Asset Value  
means, in respect of a Fund, the net asset value of the Fund Instrument, as calculated 
and published by any of its Fund Service Provider on the relevant date, it being 
specified that the Index Calculation Agent may adjust the net asset value of the Fund 
Instrument to reflect, without duplication, the portion borne by the Fund Instrument 
of all costs, commissions, expenses, charges, duties, taxes or deductions that may be 
payable and/or incurred in connection with the subscription or settlement of this 
Fund Instrument. 
 
New Debt Security Instrument  means securities of the new company in the event of a Merger or securities resulting 
from Spin-Off (as applicable). Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible 
after the Event Effective Date, by reference to the applicable exchange parity, it 
being understood that, in the event that the original securities must be substituted for 
several different categories of securities, the Index Calculation Agent may decide to

--- Page 366 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
366 
 
substitute for the relevant securities one (or more) of such securities (the Selected 
Security(ies)). In this case, the value of the security or securities not selected (the 
Excluded Security(ies)) shall be expressed as a number or a fraction of a number of 
one (or more) of the Selected Security(ies), at the Index Calculation Agent’s choice, 
which shall be calculated by the Index Calculation Agent on the basis of the official 
closing price of both the Selected Security or Securities and the Excluded Securities, 
recorded simultaneously on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted security or 
securities include one or more unlisted securities, the Index Calculation Agent shall 
determine the fair market value of such unlisted security or securities on the Event 
Effective Date. 
New Equity Instrument 
mean the securities exchanged or offered for Equity Instruments pursuant to a 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer, the securities of the new company or new fund in the 
case of a Merger or the securities resulting from a Spin-off (as the case may be). 
Any substitution shall be made as soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, by 
reference to the applicable exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event 
that the original securities must be substituted for several different categories of 
securities, the Index Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for the relevant 
securities one (or more) of such securities (the Selected Security(ies)). In this case, 
the value of the security or securities not selected (the Excluded Security(ies)) shall 
be expressed as a number or a fraction of a number of one (or more) of the Selected 
Security(ies), at the Index Calculation Agent’s choice, which shall be calculated by 
the Index Calculation Agent on the basis of the official closing price of both the 
Selected Security or Securities and the Excluded Securities, recorded simultaneously 
on the Event Effective Date. If the substituted security or securities include one or 
more unlisted securities, the Index Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market 
value of such unlisted security or securities on the Event Effective Date. 
New Fund Instrument  
means the unit or securities of the new fund in the case of a Merger or the unit or 
security resulting from a Spin-off (as the case may be), received upon such Event by 
a holder of Fund Instruments prior to such Event. Any substitution shall be made as 
soon as possible after the Event Effective Date, by reference to the applicable 
exchange parity, it being understood that, in the event that the original unit or 
security must be substituted for several different categories of units or shares, the 
Index Calculation Agent may decide to substitute for the relevant units or securities 
res one (or more) of such units or securities (the Selected Fund Instrument (s)). In 
this case, the value of the unit(s) or security(ies) not selected (the Excluded Fund 
Instrument (s)) shall be expressed as a number or a fraction of a number of one (or 
more) of the Selected Fund Instrument(s), at the Index Calculation Agent’s choice, 
which shall be calculated by the Index Calculation Agent on the basis of the 
executed level for an Hypothetical Investor of both the Selected Fund Instrument(s) 
and the Excluded Fund Instrument(s), recorded simultaneously on the Event 
Effective Date. If the substituted unit(s) or share(s) include one or more unit(s) or 
share(s) with no executed level for an Hypothetical Investor, the Index Calculation 
Agent shall determine the fair market value of such unit(s) or share(s) on the Event 
Effective Date. 
Number of Rebalancing Days 
refers to the number of Calculation Dates over which the composition of an Exane 
Index is modified following a Rebalancing Trigger. Unless otherwise specified in 
the Specific Methodology of the Exane Index, it is equal to one. 
Operational Committee 
consisting of members representing structuring, legal, risk and compliance 
departments of the Proprietary Index Sponsor, is in charge of reviewing at least 
annually the definition and method of determination of the Proprietary Index and to

--- Page 367 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
367 
 
review any modification, error management, adjustment or market disruption event 
which is not provided for in the Methodology of the Proprietary Index and 
implemented by the Technical Committee.  
OTC Derivatives Instruments (a) any transaction (including an agreement with respect to any such transaction) which 
is a rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, 
commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity 
index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap 
transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-
currency rate swap transaction, currency option, credit protection transaction, credit 
swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread 
transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back 
transaction, 
securities 
lending 
transaction, 
weather index 
transaction 
or  
forward purchase or sale of a security, commodity or other financial instrument or 
interest (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) or (ii) which 
is a type of transaction that is similar to any transaction referred to in clause (i) 
above that is currently, or in the future becomes, recurrently entered into in the 
financial markets (including terms and conditions incorporated by reference in such 
agreement) and which is a forward, swap, future, option or other derivative on one 
or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity securities or other equity instruments, 
debt securities or other debt instruments, economic indices or measures of economic 
risk or value, or other benchmarks against which payments or deliveries are to be 
made, 
or 
any 
combination 
of 
these 
transactions 
and  
(c) any other transaction identified as an OTC Derivatives Transaction by the 
relevant confirmation. 
 
Supervision Committee 
consisting of members representing the top management of the structuring, legal, 
risk, compliance departments of the Exane Index Sponsor that meets at least each 
semester a year to control that all the process applicable have been correctly 
implemented.  
Rebalancing  
refers to the reallocation, inclusion or exclusion of Index Components on a 
frequency as specified into the Specific Methodology or in case of exceptional 
circumstances determined by the Calculation Agent the Technical Committee or the 
Operational Committee of the relevant Exane Index of the relevant Exane Index 
Rebalancing Date 
refers to each Calculation Date to the extent of the maximum number of 
Rebalancing on which there is a Rebalancing. 
Rebalancing Costs 
refers to the costs incurred in case of Rebalancing. Unless otherwise specified in the 
Specific Methodology of the Exane Index, it is equal to zero. 
Rebalancing Period 
refers to the period of consecutive Rebalancing Dates, lasting the Number of 
Rebalancing Days. 
Rebalancing Trigger 
means further the use of an algorithm or a change of the Investment List which may 
trigger a modification of the composition and/or the weights of the Exane Index. 
Any other Rebalancing Trigger could be specified into the Specific Methodology.  
Rebalancing Trigger Date 
 means the date on which the Rebalancing Trigger occurs. It would usually refer to 
the date of the algorithm execution or to the date of the publication of an up to date 
Investment List as the case may be.

--- Page 368 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
368 
 
Reference Market  
means the principal market or quotation system on which the relevant Index 
Components are traded and which offers the greatest liquidity of such Index 
Components, or any successor or replacement market or quotation system. 
Reinvestment Fees 
refers to the fees applicable to the reinvestment amount of income and profits and as 
specified into the Specific Methodology. 
Replication Fees 
refers to the fees applicable to the Exane Proprietary Index used as Index 
Component and as specified into the Specific Methodology. 
Scheduled Trading Day  
means any day on which the Sponsor is scheduled to publish the official level of the 
Exane Index pursuant to its rules and 
 
(i) any day on which the Reference Market and the related exchange (if any) of an 
Equity Instrument, a Debt Security Instrument, a Listed Option Instrument or an 
Index Instrument (for mono-exchange index only), as the case may be, are scheduled 
to be open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(ii) any day on which the Reference Market of a Futures Contract Instrument is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading sessions; and/or 
 
(iii) any day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for multi-exchange index 
only) is scheduled to publish the level of the Index Instrument and the related 
exchange is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session; 
and/or 
 
(iv) any day on which the sponsor of an Index Instrument (for Proprietary Index 
only) is scheduled to publish the level of the Index Instrument. 
Settlement Cycle  
means the period expressed as a number of Equity Instrument Clearing System 
Business Days following a transaction on the Equity Instrument on the Reference 
Market in respect of which settlement will normally take place within the rules of 
such Reference Market. 
 
Sponsor 
refers to Exane Derivatives or any other entity whose role is to: (a) set and revise the 
rules and procedures, the calculation methods and any related adjustments to the 
Exane Index; and (b) to publish (directly or through the intermediary of an agent) 
the level of the Exane Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
Substitute Debt Instrument  
means a debt security instrument (i) which is not the Debt Security Instrument of the 
Exane Index and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, 
similar characteristics to those of the excluded Debt Security Instrument (business 
sector, currency, rating, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other pertinent 
parameter in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Equity Instrument  
means an equity instrument (i) which is not the Equity Instrument of the relevant 
Exane Index and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, 
similar features to those of the excluded Equity Instrument (sector of activity, 
currency, market capitalisation, listing method, liquidity, volatility or any other 
pertinent feature in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Futures Contract  
Instrument  
means a futures contract instrument (i) which is not the original Futures Contract 
Instrument of the Exane Index and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Index 
Calculation Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Futures Contract

--- Page 369 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
369 
 
Instrument (underlying, currency, maturity, liquidity of hedging instruments or any 
other pertinent feature, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent). 
Substitute Fund Instrument  
means a fund instrument (i) which is not a Fund Instrument of the relevant Exane 
Index, (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Index Calculating Agent, similar features 
to those of the excluded Fund Instrument (classification, management objective, 
investment guidelines or any other relevant parameter in the opinion of the Index 
Calculation Agent) and (iii) whose method of determination and frequency of Net 
Asset Value calculation is deemed satisfactory by the Index Calculation Agent. 
 
Substitute Index Instrument 
means an index instrument (i) which is not the Index Instrument of the Exane Index 
and (ii) which, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, has similar 
characteristics to those of the excluded Index Instrument (geographical zone, 
business sector, currency, liquidity of futures and/or options contracts used for 
hedging, dividend calculation methodology or any other relevant parameter in the 
opinion of the Index Calculation Agent). 
Substitute FX Instrument 
means a foreign exchange instrument (i) which is not the FX Instrument of the 
Exane Index and (ii) which, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, has 
similar characteristics to those of the excluded FX Instrument. 
Substitute Listed Option  
Instrument  
means a listed option instrument (i) which is not the original Listed Option 
Instrument of the Exane Index and (ii) which has, in the opinion of the Index 
Calculation Agent, similar features to those of the excluded Listed Option 
Instrument (underlying, currency, maturity, liquidity of hedging instruments or any 
other pertinent feature, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent). 
 
Substitution 
means the cessation by the Index Calculation Agent of the indexation of the Exane 
Index to the Equity Instrument, the Index Instrument, the Fund Instrument, the 
Futures Contract Instrument, the Listed Option Instrument, the FX Instrument or the 
Debt Security Instrument, as the case may be, and its replacement by, respectively, a 
Substitute Equity Instrument, a Substitute Index Instrument, a Substitute Fund 
Instrument, a Substitute Futures Contract Instrument, a Substitute Listed Option 
Instrument, the Substitute FX Instrument or a Substitute Debt Security Instrument, 
as the case may be or, in the case the Exane Index includes several Index 
Components as determined by the Index Calculation Agent (alternately to the ability 
of the Index Calculation Agent to choose for the replacement of the affected Index 
Component), the crystallization at the fair market value of the relevant Equity 
Instrument, the Index Instrument, the Fund Instrument, the Futures Contract 
Instrument, the Listed Option Instrument or the Debt Security Instrument, as the 
case may be on the relevant Event Effective Date. 
Technical Committee 
refers to a technical committee of the Sponsor that meets when an extraordinary 
event occurs and affects an Index Component or as the case may be the Proprietary 
Index to determine if the index Component or Proprietary Index continue to fulfill 
the objective of the relevant Proprietary Index and the consequences of such event. 
Technical Committee Meeting 
refers to a meeting of the Technical Committee convened following an extraordinary 
event not listed into the Methodologies that affects an Index Component or the 
determination or the calculation of the Index. To prevent any conflict of interest, the 
Technical Committee shall base any decisions only in the interest of the smooth 
running of the Exane Index.

--- Page 370 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
370 
 
TARGET 2 Business Day 
refers to a day when the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System known as TARGET 2 or any successor system is 
operating. 
 
Underlying Equity Instrument 
means the share issued by the Company to which the Depository Receipt is linked, 
as determined in good faith by the Index Calculation Agent. 
 
2. 
Objectives of the Exane Indices 
 
The objectives of the Exane Indices will be described in the Specific Methodologies, since they are specific to each 
Exane Index. 
Unless stated otherwise into the Specific Methodology, the Exane Indices shall be able to be investible. 
3. 
Construction and Calculation Rules of the Exane Indices 
 
The Exane Index may be composed of different type of Index Components as specified into the relevant Specific 
Methodology. 
To be present within the Exane Index, an Index Component must comply with the following Technical Eligibility 
Criteria unless stated otherwise into the Specific Methodology: 
 
General Criteria for all Index Component 
- be in an admissible quote currency as mentioned in the Appendix X of the General Methodology (“Admissible Quote 
Currencies”) 
- not be identified as being subject to an Embargo according to the lists provided by Exane Compliance, and, where 
relevant (stated in the Specific Methodologies), not on the applicable Corporate and Social Responsabilities (“CSR”) 
Exclusion lists. 
Additional specific Criteria 
- if it is an Equity Instrument: 
▪ 
it has a daily liquidity greater than EUR 1 million equivalent 
 
- if it is a Debt Security Instrument: 
▪ 
The issue size is at least equal to EUR 300 million equivalent for bonds and EUR 150 million equivalent for 
convertible bonds; 
▪ 
the country of the issuer (Bloomberg field CNTRY_OF_CORPORTATION, DX650) is member of the OECD; 
▪ 
the bond is eligible for Euroclear settlement/delivery in its nominal currency; 
▪ 
the BVAL bid-ask spread is at least lower than 3% (could be revised). 
 
if it is a Fund Instruments: 
▪ 
European registration and subject to European regulation; 
▪ 
preferably UCITS with daily liquidity; 
▪ 
liquidity at least weekly; 
▪ 
AUM ≥ 100 million EUR equivalent; 
▪ 
existing for more than 1 year; 
▪ 
subject to a Exane Derivatives holding ratio limited to 20%; 
▪ 
open to new investment from Exane Derivatives; 
▪ 
preferably without entry nor exit fee; 
▪ 
share class preferably institutional;

--- Page 371 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
371 
 
▪ 
currency of the fund share class in an admissible quote currency as per Appendix X; 
▪ 
compatible with regulatory constraints; 
▪ 
NAV published on Bloomberg. 
And in any case any Fund Instrument shall be duly approved by the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
 
Any other Technical Eligibility Criteria on these Index Components or on any other Index Component shall be specified 
into the Specific Methodology. 
 
Selection, composition and eligibility rules that are specific to each Exane Index, are detailed in the applicable Specific 
Methodology. 
4. 
Governance Rules 
 
4.1. The Technical Committee 
4.1.1. Role of the Technical Committee 
The role of the Technical Committee is to determine if, in case of the occurence of an event, the Index 
Component or Proprietary Index continues to fulfill the objective of the relevant Proprietary Index and the 
consequances of such event.  
Each decision by the Technical Committee will be recorded in minutes published on the internet site 
www.exane.com/exaneindex. 
4.1.2. Meetings of the Technical Committee 
Meetings are held to ensure appropriate action in case of an event not contemplated in the General Methodology 
or the Specific Methodology of a particular index. Its role is detailed in each Specific Methodology. 
4.1.3. List of the Technical Committee members 
Members 
Substitute Members 
Function 
André-Georges Amadieu 
Céline Ma 
 
Structuring 
Denis Cauchard 
Leopold Holtzapffel 
Calculation Agent 
4.2. 
The Index Committee 
The Index Committee consisting of members of the Sponsor front office is in charge of the allocation of Index 
Components for some specific Exane Indices. It encompasses the members of the Technical Committee. 
4.3. 
The Operational Committee 
The Operational Committee, consisting of members representing structuring, legal, risk and compliance 
departments of the Proprietary Index Sponsor, is in charge of reviewing at least annually the definition and 
method of determination of the Proprietary Index and to review any modification, error management, adjustment 
or market disruption event which is not provided for in the Methodology of the Proprietary Index and 
implemented by the Technical Committee. The Supervision Committee

--- Page 372 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
372 
 
The Supervision Committee consisting of members representing the top management of the structuring, legal, 
risk, compliance departments of the Exane Index Sponsor that meets at least each semester a year to control that 
all the process applicable have been correctly implemented.  
5. 
Composition of the Exane Indices 
The Exane Indices may consist of any type of Index Component: an Equity Instrument, a Fund Instrument, an Index 
Instrument, a Futures Contract Instrument, a Listed Option Instrument, FX instrument, OTC Derivatives Instrument or a 
Debt Security Instrument, or of any Constant. 
6. 
Publication and communication of the Exane Indices 
All available information on the Exane Indices (the General Methodology, the Specific Methodologies, historical prices, 
the composition of the Exane Indices and the prices of Index Components) can be found on the internet web site 
www.exane.com/exaneindex. 
Any other form of publication or communication is specified in the Specific Methodology. 
7. 
Calculation of and adjustments to the Exane Indices 
The calculation principles of the Exane Indices are described in each applicable Specific Methodology. 
The performances of the Exane Indices are calculated on a daily basis and reflect the weightings of the Index 
Components, their respective daily return the currency overlay and their costs. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology, the calculation of the Exane Indices will take place according to 
the conditions described in Appendix 1 “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices”.  
Unless otherwise specified in the Specific Methodology, the occurrence of an event affecting an Exane Index, the 
adjustments of that Exane Index will be made in accordance with the methods described in Appendix 2 “Adjustments to 
the Exane Indices”.  
The Index Sponsor reserves the right to terminate at any time the mandate of the Index Calculation Agent. Any such 
determination shall be deemed not to constitute an Adjustment Event.  
The application, by the Index Calculation Agent or of the Technical Committee of the Calculation Method of the Exane 
Index as described into the Specific Methodology is final and biding. The Calculation Agent the technical Committee or 
the Operational Committee as the case may be will make any adjustment to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
relevant Exane Index. 
However, the Sponsor cannot guarantee that no changes in circumstances associated with movements in the markets or 
with legal, regulatory, fiscal changes or other circumstances will occur. As a result, the Sponsor cannot guarantee that 
no amendments to or changes in the Index Methodology will take place. If the Sponsor determines that any such 
amendment or change is necessary, then the Sponsor will use reasonable efforts to ensure that such amendment or 
change is materialized in a methodology that complies as much as possible with such Exane Index methodology and 
with the objective of the Exane Index. 
In case of any such amendment or change, the Sponsor will publish a notification on the Exane Indices website, 
informing of the implementation of such amendment or change.

--- Page 373 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
373 
 
Appendix 1 “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices” 
 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology, the Exane Index is calculated using the following formula: 
 
𝑰𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒙 (𝒕) = (∑𝒒𝒊
𝑵
𝒊=𝟏
× 𝑨𝒄𝒕𝒊(𝒕)) × (𝟏−𝑭
𝑩)
𝒏(𝒕)
 
where: 
N  
=  number of Index Components on Calculation Date t 
Index(t) 
= level of the Exane Index on Calculation Date t, expressed in the Base Currency 
qi  
= quantity of the Index Component(i) 
Acti(t)  
= Reference Price of the Index Component(i) on Calculation Date t, expressed in the Base Currency 
F 
= Index Fees, equal to the percentage defined in the Specific Methodology 
n(t) 
= number of calendar or working days, as specified in the Specific Methodology, between the Creation 
Date of the Exane Index and Calculation Date t 
B 
= total number of calendar or working days per year, as specified in the Specific Methodology 
 
1. Number of Index Components of the Exane Index “N” 
 
The number of Index Components is determined by the Rebalancing Trigger. Any minimum number will be 
specified in the Specific Methodology. 
2. 
Reference Prices of Index Components 
 
In order to determine if an Exchange Business Day is a Calculation Date for a relevant Exane Index, the Index 
Calculation Agent shall obtain more than seventy-five per cent (75%) of the Reference Prices of Index 
Components by determining the Reference Price of each Index Component by using the prices, quotes, level or 
other it obtained through the process explained hereafter. Generally speaking, an Index Component will have for 
an Exchange Business Day only one Reference Price that the Index Calculation Agent will save in a database. If, 
for a relevant Exchange Business Day, the Index Calculation Agent obtains more than seventy-five per cent 
(75%) of the Reference Prices of Index Components but, amongst the last twenty-five per cent, some of the 
Index Component does not have a Reference Price for such Exchange Business Day, therefore it will take into 
account the Reference Price for such Index Component on the last Calculation Date. 
For technical and administrative reasons, Reference Price of Index Components for a relevant Exchange 
Business Day may have to be retrieved on a following Exchange Business Day. 
Foreign exchange rate applicable to the Reference Price: the Reference Prices are expressed in the Base 
Currency. For the purpose of the calculation of the Exane Index with Index Components that are denominated in 
a currency other than the Base Currency, the applicable foreign exchange rate used for this conversion is the spot 
exchange rate against the Base Currency or determined using the observable spot exchange rates, which can be 
found at the end of each Exchange Business Day on Bloomberg page WMCO Curncy (on or about 5:00 p.m. 
Paris time). The USD pivot rate shall be used for any determination of a foreign exchange rate between two 
other currencies than USD, provided that such foreign exchange rate is not a Euro foreign exchange rate as 
published by the European Central Bank. 
2.1. 
Reference Price of Equity Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of an Equity Instrument is the official closing price on the Reference Market of this Equity 
Instrument on any Exchange Business Day.

--- Page 374 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
374 
 
2.2. 
Reference Price of Index Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of an Index Instrument is the official level on the Reference Market of the Index Instrument 
(for a mono exchange index only) or the official level published by its Sponsor (for a multi exchange index or a 
Proprietary Index). 
2.3. 
Reference Price of Fund Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Fund Instrument is the official net asset value as calculated and/or published by the 
Fund Service Provider on an Exchange Business Day and available on Bloomberg. The Index Calculation Agent 
will be able to adjust the net asset value of the Fund Instrument to reflect, without duplication, the portion 
ascribable to the Fund Instrument of all costs, charges, taxes or levies payable and/or incurred through the 
subscription or redemption of the Fund Instrument. 
2.4. 
Reference Price of Futures Contract Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Futures Contract Instrument is the clearing official price on any Exchange Business 
Day on the relevant Reference Market of this Futures Contract Instrument.  
2.5. Reference Price of Debt Security Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument includes accrued interest. 
The Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument is determined as follows. 
2.5.1. Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument which is not a convertible bond 
 
Subject to clause 2.5.3 below, the Reference Price of Debt Security Instruments is established by the Index 
Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to the corresponding Bloomberg HP calculation page. 
The source used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest BGN source available. If such source is not 
available the Index Calculation Agent shall establish the Reference Price with reference to the corresponding 
Bloomberg HP Page (Historical Price- Source BVAL). The contributor used for each Debt Security Instrument is 
the latest BVAL available. If none of the BGN source and the BVAL source is available, the Index Calculation 
Agent shall determine in good faith the Reference Price of the Debt Security Instrument. For Debt Security 
Instruments whose quotation price excludes accrued interest, accrued coupons are reintegrated to calculate the 
Reference Price. 
2.5.2. Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument which is not a convertible bond 
The Index Calculation Agent may use one of the following methods to determine the Reference Price of a Debt 
Security Instrument which is a convertible bond. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Specific 
Methodology, the default method is the Combined Method. 
The available spreads (bid/ask) on a Calculation Date from a list of 17 market makers (listed in Appendix Z) are 
recorded at 5.35 p.m. (Paris time) on Bloomberg. Then, for each price spread, the corresponding mid prices are 
calculated from bid/ask prices. Once the mean and standard deviation of market makers’ mid prices are 
determined, the Index Calculation Agent strips out prices outside the [mean -0.8 standard deviation; mean + 0.8 
standard deviation] interval to calculate the new mid price average of the remaining market makers. The new 
mean becomes the Reference Price (the “Market Makers Method”). For the avoidance of doubt, if only two 
price spreads are available then they are systematically retained to calculate the average mid price, and if only 
one price spread is available then the corresponding mid price becomes the Reference Price. 
The Reference Price is established by the Index Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to the 
corresponding Bloomberg HP calculation page. The source used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest 
BGN source available (the “BGN Method”).

--- Page 375 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
375 
 
The Reference Price is established by the Index Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to the 
corresponding Bloomberg ALLQ page. The contributor used for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest 
CBBT available (the “CBBT Method”). 
The Reference Price is established by the Index Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m (Paris Time) with reference to the 
corresponding Bloomberg HP Page (Historical Price- Source BVAL). The contributor used for each Debt 
Security Instrument is the latest BVAL available (the “BVAL Method”). 
The Reference Price is established by the Index Calculation Agent using the “Combined Method”: 
• 
If the price obtained using the BGN Method is available: 
o 
If the price obtained using the Market Makers Method is based on less than 3 market makers’ 
prices before the exclusion of prices outside the interval, then the price obtained using the 
BGN Method becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BGN Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BGN 
Method is strictly lower than 0.10%, then the price obtained using the Market Makers Method 
becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BGN Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BGN 
Method is strictly lower than 0.75%, then the mean between the price obtained using the BGN 
Method and the price obtained using the Market Makers Method becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Otherwise, the price obtained using the BGN Method becomes the Reference Price. 
• 
If the price obtained using the BGN Method is not available and the price obtained using the BVAL 
Method is available: 
o 
If the price obtained using the Market Makers Method is based on less than 3 market makers’ 
prices before the exclusion of prices outside the interval, then the price obtained using the 
BVAL Method becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BVAL Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BVAL 
Method is strictly lower than 0.10%, then the price obtained using the Market Makers Method 
becomes the Reference Price. 
o 
Else if (A) the difference between the price obtained using the BVAL Method and the price 
obtained using the Market Makers Method divided by (B) the price obtained using the BVAL 
Method is strictly lower than 0.75%, then the mean between the price obtained using the 
BVAL Method and the price obtained using the Market Makers Method becomes the 
Reference Price. 
o 
Otherwise, the price obtained using the BVAL Method becomes the Reference Price. 
• 
If both the price obtained using the BGN Method and the price obtained using the BVAL Method are 
not available, then the price obtained using the Market Makers Method becomes the Reference Price. 
For convertible bonds listed ex-coupon, accrued interest is added back to calculate the Reference Price. 
2.5.3. Alternative Reference Price of Debt Security Instruments 
 
By derogation to the above the Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument which enters or exits from the 
Index Composition may be determined alternatively by the Technical Committee if at least one of the following 
conditions is met on each Calculation Date until the related position has been wholly rebalanced: 
- 
the spread (bid/ask) established by the Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m (Paris Time) with reference to the 
corresponding Bloomberg HP Page (Historical Price) is greater than or equal to 2%. The contributor used 
for each Debt Security Instrument is the latest BVAL source available or the latest BGN source available. 
- 
the Reference Price of the Debt Security Instrument or the official closing price on the Reference Market of 
the underlying share if the Debt Security Instrument is a convertible bond has increased or decreased by 
more than 10% over the 5 previous Exchange Business Days. 
- 
the Technical Committee has determined in good faith that the Reference Price of the Debt Security 
Instrument does not reflect its actual market value due to exceptional market conditions, including but not

--- Page 376 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
376 
 
limited to, a Market Disruption Event, a corporate action or a trading suspension affecting the Debt Security 
Instrument or the underlying share if the Debt Security Instrument is a convertible bond. 
The alternative Reference Price will be determined by the Technical Committee using the following method: 
- 
3 counterparties will be asked for a firm bid and/or ask price on the Debt Security Instrument; and 
- 
the best firm bid and/or ask price will be used as the Reference Price and no Rebalancing Cost will be 
applied. 
2.6. 
Reference Price of Listed Option Instruments 
 
The Reference Price of a Listed Option Instrument is the clearing official price on any Exchange Business Day 
on the relevant Reference Market of this Listed Option Instrument. If there is no clearing official price, the 
Reference Price of Listed Option Instruments will be defined in the Specific Methodology of the Exane Index. 
Ask Price means the Exchange’s closing ask price. 
Bid Price means the Exchange’s closing bid price. 
Settlement Price means the official settlement price (as described under the rules of the relevant Exchange or its 
clearing house) published by the relevant Exchange or its clearing house. 
 
3. 
Market Disruption Events 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs on a Calculation Date (a Disrupted Day), then the Index Calculation Agent 
shall not calculate the level of the Exane Index on such Calculation Date. For this purpose, a Market Disruption 
Event means the occurrence of an Index Component Event, as defined hereafter, which affects at least twenty 
five per cent (25 %) of the Index Components. 
If any relevant Calculation Date is a Disrupted Day for an Exane Index, then the next Calculation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Exane Index, 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Calculation Dates immediately following this initial Disrupted Day is a 
Disrupted Day (i.e. the Index Component Event continues to affect at least twenty five per cent (25 %) of the 
Index Components). 
In such case, (1) such eighth Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Calculation Date notwithstanding 
that such day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Index Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the level of 
such Exane Index on such eighth Disrupted Day, in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
such Exane Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the traded or quoted 
prices on that eighth Disrupted Day of each Index Component as described in the paragraph 2 here above (or, if 
an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Index Component on that eighth 
Disrupted Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Index Component on that eighth Disrupted 
Day). 
Index Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Equity 
Instruments, the occurrence of an Equity Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Equity Instruments; and 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Fund 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund Instruments; 
and 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Index 
Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments;

--- Page 377 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
377 
 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more 
Futures Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or 
more of such Futures Contract Instruments;  
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Debt 
Security Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Debt Security Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more Listed 
Option Instruments, the occurrence of a Listed Option Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Listed Option Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more OTC 
Derivatives Instruments, the occurrence of OTC Derivatives Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
OTC Derivatives Instruments. 
- 
in respect of a Proprietary Index whose Index Components include, without limitation, one or more FX 
Instruments, the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event affecting one or more of such FX Instruments. 
Scheduled Calculation Date means the initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Calculation Date. 
If a Market Disruption Event has been continuing after eight Exchange Business Day on an or several 
Index Component(s), the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to (without limitation) (each, an 
Index Disruption Remedy): 
- 
adjust any relevant terms of the Index Rules in a manner that preserves the economic characteristics of 
the Exane Index; or 
- 
continue the determination of the official level of the Exane Index pursuant to the hereof provision for 
another maximum period of twenty Exchange Business Day; or 
- 
permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
Each Index Disruption Remedy will be published as the paragraph 4 of the Appendix 1. 
3.1. 
Equity Market Disruption Event 
Equity Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Index Calculation Agent determines is material and 
which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Calculation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
-  
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Reference Market or, as the 
case may be, the related exchange prior to its scheduled closing time, unless such early closing time has 
been announced by such Reference Market or by such related exchange at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Market or related 
exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the related exchange system for 
execution at the Calculation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
-  
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Index Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Equity Instruments on the relevant 
Reference Market, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to the relevant Equity Instrument on the related exchange. 
-  
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or, as the case may be, the related exchange or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or 
Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Reference Market or relevant related exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to such Equity

--- Page 378 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
378 
 
Instrument on the relevant Reference Market, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Equity 
Instrument on the relevant related exchange. 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date. If the relevant Reference Market closes prior to its scheduled closing time and the specified 
Calculation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Calculation Time shall 
be such actual closing time.  
3.2. 
Fund Market Disruption Event 
Fund Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, the occurrence or existence of (i) 
Valuation Disruption, (ii) a Settlement Disruption or (iii) a Liquidity Disruption, that the Index Calculation 
Agent determines is material. Exceptionally, if an event occurs which constitutes both a Fund Disruption Event 
and an Event (as defined below) for such Fund Instrument, such event shall constitute an Event for such Fund 
Instrument and not a Fund Disruption Event. For the purpose thereof: 
- 
 Liquidity Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument, any suspension, limitation or delay 
affecting the settlement of such Fund Instruments, whether in accordance with the provisions of the Fund 
Documents or for any other reason.  
-  
Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Instrument on any date, failure by the Fund to pay the 
full amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the Settlement Proceeds due in respect of 
such Fund Instrument, as such amount should have been paid at the latest by such date in accordance with 
the Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision 
permitting the Fund to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Instruments). 
-  
Valuation Disruption means that: 
(a) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument is not determined and/or published by the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) in accordance with the provisions 
of the Fund Documents; 
(b) 
the determination and/or publication of the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument, in accordance 
with the Fund Documents, has/have been suspended; or  
(c) 
the Net Asset Value of the Fund Instrument published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider 
which generally determines such value) is incorrect or misrepresents the Net Asset Value of the 
Fund Instrument, in the reasonable opinion of the Index Calculation Agent. 
Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date means, with respect to any Fund Instrument, the date on which the Fund 
(or its Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) is scheduled, in accordance with its Fund 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or any other provision permitting the Fund 
to delay or refuse settlement of Fund Instruments) to determine the Net Asset Value of such Fund Instrument for 
purposes of calculating the settlement proceeds to be paid to an investor who has submitted a valid notice by the 
required Fund Instrument settlement deadline for settlement of Fund Instrument, based on the value determined 
on such date. The Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date, relating to any Calculation Date, shall be the Scheduled 
Settlement Valuation Date occurring on such Calculation Date, or, if no Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date 
occurs on such Calculation Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date. 
Settlement Notification Date means, in respect of any Fund Instrument and Calculation Date, the latest date on 
which a Hypothetical Investor in such Fund Instrument would be authorised, pursuant to the Fund Documents, to 
submit a settlement notice by the required deadline for settlement on the Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date 
taking place on such Calculation Date, or, if no Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date occurs on such Calculation 
Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Settlement Valuation Date.

--- Page 379 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
379 
 
Settlement Proceeds means the proceeds, as determined by the Index Calculation Agent, that would be paid by 
the Fund to a Hypothetical Investor whose Fund instruments are being redeemed on the relevant Settlement 
Valuation Date, provided that (1) all proceeds to be paid in property other than cash shall be valued by the Index 
Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, and (2) if the Hypothetical Investor has the right to opt for 
payment of such settlement proceeds to be made either in cash or in property, the Hypothetical Investor shall be 
deemed to have opted for payment of such proceeds in cash. 
Settlement Valuation Date means, in respect of any Fund Instrument and any Scheduled Settlement Valuation 
Date, the date on which the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally determines such value) 
determines the Net Asset Value of such Fund Instrument for purposes of calculating the settlement proceeds to 
be paid to a Hypothetical Investor who has submitted a valid settlement notice at the latest by the corresponding 
Settlement Notification Date. 
 
3.3. 
Index Market Disruption Event 
 
Index Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Index Instrument: 
- for an Index Instrument which is a multi-exchange index, the non-publication of the official closing level by its 
sponsor; 
- for an Index Instrument which is an Exane Index, the non-publication of the official closing level by its 
Sponsor or any Index Component Event; 
- for an Index Instrument which is a mono-exchange index, the Reference Market and/or related exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session. 
 
3.4. 
Futures Contract Market Disruption Event 
Futures Contract Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Futures Contract Instrument, the occurrence 
or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which the Index Calculation Agent 
determines, in each case, is material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the 
relevant Calculation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the purpose thereof: 
-  
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the relevant Reference Market prior 
to its scheduled closing time, unless such early closing time has been announced by such Reference 
Market at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Reference Market on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Reference Market system for execution at the Calculation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
-  
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Index Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures Contract Instrument on the 
Reference Market. 
 
-  
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Reference 
Market or otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Exchange Disruption), whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Reference Market or otherwise, in the 
relevant Futures Contract Instrument on the relevant Reference Market. 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date. If the relevant Reference Market closes prior to its scheduled closing time and the specified

--- Page 380 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
380 
 
Calculation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Calculation Time shall 
be such actual closing time; 
 
3.5. 
Debt Security Market Disruption Event 
Debt Security Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Debt Security Instrument: 
(a) 
any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Reference Market or 
(b) 
any suspension or limitation on trading on listed options contracts or futures contracts relating to the 
Debt Security Instrument, which the Index Calculation Agent determines is material and which occurs at any 
time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Calculation Time,  
(c) 
any suspension of publication on the relevant screen page of the Debt Security Instrument or the 
unavailability of clean bid prices from at least two market participants, or 
(d) 
any Debt Security Component Event. 
 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date or (ii) for a Debt Security Instrument that is not traded on a Reference Market 16.00 CET. 
 
3.6. 
Listed Option Market Disruption Event 
Listed Option Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Listed Option Instrument the occurrence or 
existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) a Market Disruption, which the Index Calculation Agent determines is 
material and which occurs at any time during the one-hour period prior to the relevant Calculation Time, or (iii) 
an Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
-  
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Reference Market or, as the 
case may be, the related exchange prior to its scheduled closing time, unless such early closing time has 
been announced by such Reference Market or by such related exchange at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Reference Market or related 
exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the relevant Reference Market or, as the case may be, the related exchange system for 
execution at the Calculation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
-  
Market Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure or a Trading Disruption) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Listed Option on the relevant Exchange, or 
(ii) to effect transactions in futures contracts or options contracts relating to Listed Options. 
-  
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or 
otherwise (other than an Early Closure or Market Disruption), whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or otherwise, in such Listed Option on the relevant 
Exchange. 
 
Calculation Time means the scheduled closing time on the relevant Reference Market on the relevant 
Calculation Date. If the relevant Reference Market closes prior to its scheduled closing time and the specified 
Calculation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Calculation Time shall 
be such actual closing time.

--- Page 381 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
381 
 
3.7. 
FX Instrument Market Disruption Event 
 
FX Instrument Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of any of the following events (i) 
Price Source Unavailability, (ii) Liquidity Disruption or (iii) Dual Exchange Rate that the Index Calculation 
Agent determines is material. Exceptionally, if an event occurs which constitutes both a Market Disruption Event 
and an Event for such Exchange Rate (as defined below), such event shall constitute an Event for such Exchange 
Rate and not a Market Disruption Event). 
Dual Exchange Rate means that a currency of the Exchange Rate is divided into a dual or multiple exchange 
rates.  
Liquidity Disruption means the occurrence of an event concerning a currency preventing the Calculation Agent 
from determining the rate for such currency. 
Price Source Unavailability means that it has become impossible to obtain the rate used for calculation of the 
Settlement Price. 
 
3.8. 
OTC Instrument Market Disruption Event 
 
OTC Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Share 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Share Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Share Instruments; 
and 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Fund 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Fund Instruments; 
and 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Index 
Instruments, the occurrence of an Index Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Index 
Instruments; 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Futures 
Contract Instruments, the occurrence of a Futures Contract Disruption Event affecting one or more of 
such Futures Contract Instruments;  
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Debt Security 
Instruments, the occurrence of a Debt Security Disruption Event affecting one or more of such Debt 
Security Instruments. 
- 
 in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more Listed 
Option Instruments, the occurrence of a Listed Option Disruption Event affecting one or more of such 
Listed Option Instruments; and 
- 
in respect of an OTC Instrument whose underlying include, without limitation, one or more FX 
Instruments, the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event affecting one or more of such FX Instruments. 
 
 
4. 
Quantity of Index Components / Rebalancing mechanism 
4.1. 
General mechanism 
The quantity of each Index Component will be modified following a Rebalancing Trigger or a reinvestment of 
income and profits if the Specific Methodology provides for such a reinvestment, and may also be modified 
following a Technical Committee Meeting or an Operational Committee Meeting or an Adjustment as described 
below. 
4.1.1. Continuity of the aggregate value of the Index Components of the Exane Index

--- Page 382 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
382 
 
 
where: 
Nold  
=  
number of Index Components on the day immediately preceding the Rebalancing Date t 
Nnew  
=  
number of Index Components once the Rebalancing Trigger has been affected on 
Rebalancing Date t 
qi,tOld 
=  
quantity of the Index Component(i) appearing in the previous composition of the Exane Index 
qj,tNew  
=  
quantity of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane Index 
Acti,tOld  
=  
Reference Price of the Index Component(i) appearing in the previous composition of the 
Exane Index at Rebalancing Date t of the Exane Index, expressed in the Base Currency 
Acti,tNew  
=  
Reference Price of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane 
Index at Rebalancing Date t of the Exane Index, expressed in the Base Currency 
4.1.2. Rebalancing of Index Components at each Rebalancing Date:  
 
𝒒𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑨𝒄𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× (𝟏−𝑭
𝑩)
𝒏(𝒕)
= 𝑾𝒆𝒊𝒈𝒉𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑰𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒙(𝒕) 
where: 
qi,t New 
=  
quantity of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane Index 
Acti,tNew  
=  
Reference Price of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane 
Index at Rebalancing Date t of the Exane Index, expressed in the Base Currency 
Index(t)  
=  
level of the Exane Index at Rebalancing Date t of the Exane Index, expressed in the Base 
Currency 
Weighti,tNew =  
the new weight of each Index Component(i) at Rebalancing Date t 
F 
=  
Index Fees equal to the percentage defined in the Specific Methodology 
n(t) 
= 
number of calendar or working days, as stated in the Specific Methodology, between the 
Creation Date of the Exane Index and Rebalancing Date t 
B 
= 
total number of calendar or working days per year, as stated in the Specific Methodology 
 
4.1.2 (cont.) Weighting of Index Components at each Rebalancing Date: 
 
𝒒𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× 𝑨𝒄𝒕𝒊,𝒕
𝑵𝒆𝒘× (𝟏−𝑭
𝑩)
𝒏(𝒕)
= 𝑰𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒙(𝒕)
𝑵𝒏𝒆𝒘
 
where: 
Nnew  
=  
number of Index Components determined by the latest Rebalancing Trigger 
qi,tNew 
=  
quantity of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane Index 
Acti,tNew  
=  
Reference Price of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane 
Index at Rebalancing Date t of the Exane Index, expressed in the Base Currency 
Index(t) 
= 
value of the Exane Index at Rebalancing Date t of the Exane Index, expressed in the Base 
Currency 
F 
=  
Index Fees of the Exane Index equal to the percentage defined in the Specific Methodology 



=

Nnew
New
t
i
New
t
i
Nold
Old
t
i
Old
t
i
Act
q
Act
q
1
,
,
1
,
,

--- Page 383 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
383 
 
n(t) 
= 
number of calendar or working days, as stated in the Specific Methodology, between the 
Creation Date of the Exane Index and Rebalancing Date t 
B 
= 
total number of calendar or working days per year, as stated in the Specific Methodology 
4.2. 
Mechanism specific to reinvestment of income and profits of an Index Component 
Each applicable Specific Methodology will specify how income and profits of an Index Component are taken 
into account. 
If the Specific Methodology states that the Exane Index takes into account the reinvestment of income and 
profits of an Index Component, the quantities of the Index Components are readjusted in the following manner to 
take into account payments of income and profits between two Rebalancing Dates, but without seeking to obtain 
a equal weighting of the Index Components. 
a)  
If the income and profits are reinvested in the Exane Index: 
 
where: 
Dt  
=  
the total amount of income and profits net of the withholding tax rate applicable in the 
country of domicile of each Index Component(i) at date t. 
𝐷𝑡= ∑𝐷𝑖,𝑡
𝑖=𝑁
𝑖=1
 
Di,t  
=  
the amount of income and profits net of the withholding tax rate applicable in the country of 
domicile of the Index Component(i) at date t, also equal to 
𝐷𝑖,𝑡= 𝑞𝑖,𝑡
𝑂𝑙𝑑× 𝑑𝑖,𝑡× (1 −𝑊𝑇𝑖) 
qi,tOld  
= 
the quantity of the Index Component(i) appearing in the previous composition of the Exane 
Index at date t 
q i,t New  
= 
the quantity of the Index Component(i) appearing in the new composition of the Exane Index 
at date t 
Act i,t 
= 
the value of the Index Component(i) after the income and profits are paid on date t 
d i,t  
= 
the gross unit income and profits denominated in euros paid by the Index Component(i) at 
date t.  
WTi  
= 
the withholding tax rate applicable in the country of domicile of the Index Components(i) as 
defined in Appendix Y.  
If the Exane Index is calculated with gross income and profits reinvested, WTi will be equal to zero. 
b) 
If the income and profits for an Index Component(j’) are reinvested in the corresponding Index 
Component (j’), the following formula is applied for any j’: 
𝑞𝑗′,𝑡
𝑁𝑒𝑤= 𝑞𝑗′,𝑡
𝑂𝑙𝑑+ 𝐷𝑗′,𝑡
𝐴𝑐𝑡𝑗′,𝑡
 
where: 
Di,t  
=  
the amount of income and profits net of the withholding tax rate applicable in the country of 
domicile of the Index Component(j’) at date t, also equal to 
𝐷𝑗′,𝑡= 𝑞𝑗′,𝑡
𝑂𝑙𝑑× 𝑑𝑗′,𝑡× (1 −𝑊𝑇𝑗′) 












+

=
N
1
t;i
Old
t,i
t
Old
t,i
New
t,i
Act
q
D
1
q
q

--- Page 384 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
384 
 
qj’,tOld  
= 
the quantity of the Index Component(j’) appearing in the previous composition of the Exane 
Index at date t 
q j’,t New  
= 
the quantity of the Index Component(j’) appearing in the new composition of the Exane Index 
at date t 
Act j’,t 
= 
the value of the Index Component(j’) after the income and profits are paid on date t 
d j’,t  
= 
the gross unit income and profits denominated in euros paid by the Index Component(j’) at 
date t.  
WTj’  
= 
the withholding tax rate applicable in the country of domicile of the Index Components(j’) as 
defined in Appendix Y. 
If the Exane Index is calculated with gross income and profits reinvested, WTj’ will be equal to zero. 
4.3. 
Rebalancing Cost for Debt Security Instruments: 
 
The Rebalancing Cost will be defined in the Specific Methodology using either the following formula or a fixed 
amount: 
𝐑𝐞𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐂𝐨𝐬𝐭= 𝐒𝐩𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐝
𝟐
+ 𝐀𝐝𝐝 𝐨𝐧 
Where: 
 
Spread  
=  
the difference between the BVAL ask and the BVAL bid of the Debt Security Instrument established 
by the Index Calculation Agent at 3.15 a.m. (Paris time) with reference to the corresponding 
Bloomberg HP calculation page unless specified otherwise into the Specific Methodology.  
 
Add on  =  
is specified in the Specific Methodology.

--- Page 385 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
385 
 
 
Appendix 2 “Adjustments of the Exane Indices following an Event” 
 
 
 
Events means each event as specified here above (including the “Increase in Costs”, for the avoidance of doubt). 
General provisions 
If several Events occur, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Exane Index for the second Event and subsequent 
Events shall be made to the terms of the Exane Index, as adjusted pursuant to previous Events. 
The Index Calculation Agent shall notify the Sponsor, as soon as reasonably practicable in the circumstances, having 
made adjustments, modifications or cancellation as the case may be, to the terms of the Exane Index in accordance with 
this Appendix 2.  
Increase in Costs 
If the Sponsor incurs a materially increased (as compared with the circumstances existing on the Creation Date) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the rationale or functionality of the Exane 
Index, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) remove the relevant Index Component, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Index 
Component, (c) adjust any relevant terms of the Index Rules or (d) permanently cancel the Exane Index.  
Each Event Remedy, will be published as per the paragraph 4 of the Appendix 1. 
 
1. Adjustments of Equity Instruments 
The Events applicable to an Equity Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
 
1.1. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
In the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Index Calculation Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of such event, determine whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including: 
- adjust the new Weighting of Equity Instruments to which the Exane Index henceforth relates, pursuant to the method 
applied by Stoxx (if applicable); 
- implement Substitution of the Exane Index; or  
- permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
Each Event Remedy will be published as per the paragraph 4 of the Appendix 1. 
Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(1) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Equity Instrument (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Equity Instrument to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalization or similar issue; 
(2) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Equity Instrument of (A) such Equity 
Instrument, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the

--- Page 386 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
386 
 
proceeds of liquidation of the Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Equity 
Instruments, or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights 
or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing 
market price as determined by the Index Calculation Agent; 
(3) 
a dividend or other form of distribution which the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole discretion and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, should (in whole or part) be characterised as 
extraordinary; 
(4) 
a call by the Company in respect of relevant Equity Instrument that are not fully paid 
(5) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Equity Instruments whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(6) 
in respect of the Company, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below 
their market value, as determined by the Index Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a 
result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any settlement of such rights;  
(7) 
a distribution of reserves in cash or in listed shares held in the Company’s portfolio or a redemption of share 
capital; or 
(8) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Equity 
Instruments. 
 
1.2. 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer  
a. Definitions 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means any takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person (the Offeror) that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or 
having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 % and less than 100 % of the outstanding 
voting shares of the Company, as determined by the Index Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Index Calculation Agent deems relevant.  
Successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means a Cash/Exchange Tender Offer the results of which have been 
published by the relevant Reference Market authorities. 
Offer Period means the period from (and including) the date on which the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer is officially 
announced by the Offeror in whatever manner to the competent supervisory authorities in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction, up to (but excluding) the date of the Tender Offer Date.  
b. Consequences 
If an Offer Period commences, the Index Calculation Agent may, having examined its characteristics and relevant 
practical arrangements, elect (a) to maintain the Equity Instrument or (b) replace it with the share issued by the Offeror. 
If the Index Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment during the Offer Period in accordance with the paragraph 
above and if the Company is the subject of a Successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer (the Tender Offer), the Index 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index, including electing (each, an Event

--- Page 387 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
387 
 
Remedy) to (a) maintain the Equity Instrument, (b) replace the Equity Instrument with New Equity Instrument, (c) 
implement Substitution of the Equity Instrument or (d) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
1.3. 
Merger 
 
a. 
Definitions 
Merger means, in respect of any relevant Equity Instruments, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Equity Instruments that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Equity Instruments outstanding to another entity or person;  
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company with or into another entity or 
person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of all of such Equity 
Instruments outstanding); 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 % of the outstanding Equity Instruments of the Company that results in a 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Equity Instruments (other than such Equity 
Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company or its subsidiaries with or 
into another entity in which the Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Equity Instruments outstanding but results in the outstanding Equity 
Instruments (other than Equity Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to 
such event collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding Equity Instruments immediately 
following such event (a "Reverse Merger"),  
in each case if the Event Effective Date is on or before, the last occurring Calculation Date. 
b. 
Consequences 
 
In the event that a Merger occurs in respect of an Equity Instrument, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether 
to adjust the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Equity Instruments with New Equity 
Instruments or (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (c) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
1.4. 
Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Company (Spin-off), the Index Calculation Agent shall adjust the Exane Index (an 
Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Share with New Shares or (b) implement Substitution of the 
relevant Share. 
1.5. 
Nationalisation 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Nationalisation means that all the Equity Instruments or all or substantially all the assets of a Company are 
nationalized expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
 
b. 
Consequences

--- Page 388 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
388 
 
The Index Calculation Agent shall adjust the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) if Nationalisation occurs in respect of an 
Equity Instrument, including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
 
1.6. 
 Insolvency  
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Company, (A) all the Equity Instruments of that Company are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Equity Instruments of that 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
The Index Calculation Agent shall adjust the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement 
Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument in the event of Insolvency or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
 
 
1.7. 
Change of Listing - compartment or Reference Market 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Change of Listing - compartment or Reference Market means that the Reference Market announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Reference Market, the Equity Instruments (A) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Reference Market for any reason (other than a Merger or Tender Offer), but are immediately re-listed, re-
traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Reference Market (or where 
the Reference Market is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) which is according to 
the Index Calculation Agent similar to the original Reference Market or (B) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on the original compartment Reference Market for any reason (other than a Merger or Tender Offer), 
and are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on another compartment of the Reference Market. 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
In the event of a Change of Listing - compartment or Reference Market in respect of an Equity Instrument, the Index 
Calculation Agent shall adjust the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of 
the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
1.8. 
Delisting 
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Delisting means that the Reference Market announces that pursuant to the rules of such Reference Market, the Equity 
Instruments cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Reference Market for any reason (other 
than a Merger or Tender Offer), and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation

--- Page 389 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
389 
 
system located in the same country as the Reference Market (or where the Reference Market is within the European 
Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
 
b. 
Consequences 
 
If a Delisting occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the Exane 
Index. 
1.9. 
Correction of Reference Price of Equity Instrument 
 
If a Reference Price of Equity Instrument published on the Reference Market and used by the Index Calculation Agent 
for the purposes of any calculation (the Initial Calculation) is subsequently corrected and if the correction (the 
Corrected Value) is published on the relevant Reference Market within one relevant Settlement Cycle following the 
Initial Calculation, the Index Calculation Agent shall notify the Corrected Value to the Sponsor as soon as reasonably 
practicable and shall determine the relevant price of the Equity Instruments (the New Calculation) using the Corrected 
Value.  
If the result of the New Calculation is different than the result of the Initial Calculation, the Index Calculation Agent 
shall decide whether to (an Event Remedy), to the extent that it deems necessary, (a) adjust the Exane Index accordingly 
or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
1.10. Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Index 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under the Exane Index (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on its tax position). 
The Index Calculation Agent shall adjust the Exane Index (Event Remedy) if a Change in Law occurs, including 
electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
1.11. Insolvency Filing 
Insolvency Filing means that the Company institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
The Index Calculation Agent shall if a Insolvency Filing occurs decide whether to adjust the Exane Index (an Event 
Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel 
the Exane Index. 
1.12. Additional methods of adjustment for Depository Receipts 
a. If the Equity Instrument specified in the applicable Specific Methodology is an Underlying Share (Depository 
Receipt), the provisions of paragraph (1) above (Adjustment of Equity Instruments) shall apply, with references to 
Equity Instrument being replaced by references to the Underlying Share.

--- Page 390 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
390 
 
b. If the Deposit Agreement is terminated, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust the Exane Index 
(an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
1.13. Additional methods of adjustment for ETFs 
If the Equity Instrument specified in the applicable Specific Methodology is an ETF unit, the following provisions shall 
apply. 
a. 
Adjustment of the ETF Underlying Index 
 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the 
Exane Index, if (i) the sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index materially amends the formula or method for calculating 
the ETF Underlying Index or makes any other material modification to the ETF Underlying Index (other than any 
modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain the ETF Underlying Index in the event of 
change to any of the shares comprised in the ETF Underlying Index, capitalisation or any other routine event), or (ii) the 
sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index fails to calculate and publish the ETF Underlying Index and no successor index 
using, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, a substantially similar formula and calculation method to that used 
for calculating the ETF Underlying Index is published, resulting in a material change to the price of the Equity 
Instrument. 
b. 
Change in Investment Policy  
 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), 
including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the 
Exane Index, if the ETF Advisor of the Company makes or announces its intention to make a change to the investment 
objectives, risk profile or other investment guidelines of the Company, in any material respect, or makes any other 
substantial change to the terms and conditions of the Company, to the extent that the Equity Instruments cease, or are 
reasonably likely to cease, to replicate the ETF Underlying Index. 
c. 
 Liquidation 
 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), 
including electing (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Equity Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the Exane 
Index, if due to the winding-up or voluntary or judicial liquidation of the ETF Administrator, the Equity Instruments 
have to be transferred to a manager, trustee, liquidator or other similar official, or the holders of the Equity Instruments 
are legally prohibited from transferring them. 
 
 
2. 
Adjustment applicable to Index Instruments 
2.1. 
Index Instruments  
The Events applicable to an Index Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
2.1.1 
Calculation and publication of an Index Instrument by a New Sponsor 
 
If an Index Instrument ceases to be calculated and/or published by the sponsor of such Index Instrument which exists on 
the Creation Date, but is calculated and/or published by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (the "New 
Sponsor"), the reference level of the Index Instrument shall be determined on the basis of the level of the Index 
Instrument as calculated and/or published by the New Sponsor.

--- Page 391 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
391 
 
The name of the New Sponsor and the terms and conditions for the calculation and/or distribution of the Index 
Instrument shall be published as soon as possible. 
2.1.2 
Change in the calculation or replacement of an Index Instrument  
 
If, the sponsor or, if applicable, the New Sponsor of an Index Instrument announces that it will make a material change 
in the formula for or method of calculating that Index Instrument or in any other way materially modified that Index 
Instrument (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of 
changes in constituent stock and capitalization and other routine event), or if the Sponsor of such Index Instrument 
replaces by a successor index using, in the determination of the Index Calculation Agent, the same or substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index Instrument, then in each case such 
new index must be used as the new Index Instrument of the Exane Index, and the Index Calculation Agent will be 
entitled for the purpose of performing its obligation, either to: 
(a) 
use the Index Instrument so calculated or replace the Index Instrument with the new index, as applicable, by 
multiplying it, if necessary, by a factor that ensures the continuity of the Index Instrument used as the 
underlying index for the Exane Index; the Index Instrument so calculated or the new index, as applicable, as 
well as the factor, if necessary, shall be published as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
shall decide whether to make adjustments to any other terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the affected Index Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the Exane 
Index.  
2.1.3 
Non-publication or cessation of calculation of an Index Instrument  
 
If, on the Calculation Date or an earlier date, the original sponsor (which exists on the Creation Date) or the New 
Sponsor fails to publish or definitively stops calculating the Index Instrument without providing a new Index 
Instrument, or if it is no longer possible to use the Index Instrument as an Index Component of the Exane Index, the 
Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to make adjustments to any other terms of the Exane Index (an Event 
Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the affected Index Instrument or (b) permanently cancel 
the Exane Index. 
2.1.4 
Change in Law 
 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Index 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under the Exane Index (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust the other terms of the Exane 
Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Exane Index or (b) 
permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
2.2. 
Additional adjustment for Index Instrument which is a Proprietary Index 
 
2.2.1. Publication of a Substitute Proprietary Index 
 
If a Proprietary Index (i) ceases to be calculated and published by the Index Calculation Agent of such Proprietary 
Index and/or ceases to be published by the sponsor of such Proprietary Index but is calculated by a replacement index 
calculation agent (the Replacement Index Calculation Agent) acceptable to the Index Calculation Agent and/or is 
published by a replacement sponsor (the Replacement Sponsor) acceptable to the Index Calculation Agent, or (ii) is

--- Page 392 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
392 
 
replaced by a new proprietary index which uses, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula and calculation method as that used to calculate such Proprietary Index then, in each case, 
such substitute Proprietary Index (the Substitute Exane Index) shall be deemed to be the Proprietary Index. 
2.2.2. Modification and cessation of calculation of a Proprietary Index 
 
If the sponsor, or if applicable, the Replacement Sponsor of a relevant Proprietary Index, announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula or method of calculating that Proprietary Index or in any other way materially modified 
that Proprietary Index (other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to maintain such 
Proprietary Index in the event of change to any of the index components comprised in the Proprietary Index, their 
capitalisation or any other routine event) (Proprietary Index Modification) or permanently cancels the Proprietary 
Index and no Substitute Proprietary Index exists (Proprietary Index Cancellation), then the Index Calculation Agent 
shall decide whether to adjust any other terms of the Proprietary Index (an Event Remedy) by, in particular, (a) 
calculating the level of such Proprietary Index in accordance with the index rules in force prior to such modification or 
cancellation, but using only the index components immediately prior to such Proprietary Index Modification or 
Proprietary Index Cancellation, or (b) proceeding with Substitution of the Proprietary Index or (c) permanently 
cancelling the Exane Index. 
2.2.3. Change of index advisor 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index, if 
(i) the index advisor of such Proprietary Index ceases to perform its functions and no satisfactory successor, in the 
opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, has been appointed to replace it within five (5) Exchange Business Days 
following such event, (ii) there is a change of control of the index advisor or (iii) the index advisor is no longer able, in 
the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, to perform its functions with the same care and attention as prior to the 
Creation Date, in particular due to a legal or regulatory decision or decision of a supervisory authority or is the subject 
of judicial reorganisation, liquidation or insolvency proceedings or, at any time, ceases to honour its debts or is the 
subject of a temporary or permanent withdrawal of its licence, or is the subject of disciplinary or administrative 
proceedings initiated by its supervisory authorities or acts in a fraudulent manner or any other event occurs which, in 
the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, has a material adverse effect on the Proprietary Index. 
2.2.4. Change in Law 
 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Index 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under the Index Instrument (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any other terms of the Exane 
Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index or (b) 
permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
3. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Fund Instruments 
The Events applicable to a Fund Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
3.1. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
In the case of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) adjust the new Weighting of Fund Instrument to which each 
Exane Index henceforth relates or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index.

--- Page 393 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
393 
 
Potential Adjustment Event 
 means any of the following: 
(1). 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Instruments, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Instrument to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or 
similar issue; 
(2). 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Instrument of (A) an additional 
amount of such Fund Instrument, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Fund Instrument, or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type of 
securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than 
the prevailing market price as determined by the Index Calculation Agent; 
(3). 
an extraordinary dividend which characterization of or portion thereof shall be determined by Index the 
Calculation Agent; 
(4). 
a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Instrument whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Instrument initiated by an investor in 
such Fund Documents that is consistent with the Fund Documents; or 
(5). 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund 
Instrument. 
3.2. 
Merger  
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
Merger means, in respect of any relevant Fund Instrument, any: 
(i) reclassification or change of such Fund Instrument that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Fund Instrument outstanding to another entity or person; 
(ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service 
Provider, as the context may require) with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding fund units exchange of all of such Fund Instrument outstanding); 
(iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase 
or otherwise obtain 100 % of the outstanding Fund Instrument of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as 
the context may require) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Fund Instruments 
(other than such Fund Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity or person); 
(iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Fund (or any applicable Fund Service 
Provider, as the context may require) or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Fund (or any 
applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require) is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Fund Instruments outstanding but results in the outstanding Fund Instruments 
(other than Fund Instruments owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50% of the outstanding Fund Instruments immediately following such event (a "Reverse 
Merger"). 
b. 
Consequences

--- Page 394 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
394 
 
In the event that a Merger occurs in respect of a Fund Instrument, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to 
adjust the other terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Fund Instruments 
with New Fund Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (c) permanently cancel the 
Exane Index. 
3.3. 
Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Fund (a Spin-Off), the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including electing to (a) replace the Fund Instruments with New Fund 
Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (c) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
3.4. 
Nationalization 
Nationalization means that all the Fund Instruments or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalized, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
In the event of Nationalization, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index 
(an Event Remedy), including (a) electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) permanently 
cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.5. 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (i) all the Fund Instruments of that Fund are required to be 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally 
prohibited from transferring or redeeming them. 
In the event of Insolvency, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an 
Event Remedy), including (a) electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) permanently 
cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.6. 
Fund Instrument Insolvency Event 
A Fund Instrument Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Instrument, which the related Fund (or any 
applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require): 
(i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; 
(iii) (A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction 
of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency lax or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (B) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (A) above and either (x) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for tis winding-up or liquidation or 
(y) is not dismissed, discharger, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen (15) days of the institution or 
representation thereof;

--- Page 395 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
395 
 
(iv) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(v) has secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or nay such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case, 
within fifteen (15) days thereafter; or 
(vi) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (v) through (vi) above. 
In the event of a Fund Instrument Insolvency Event, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) electing to implement Substitution of the relevant Fund 
Instrument or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.7. 
Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension  
Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension means that settlements and/or subscriptions in the Fund are suspended, 
postponed, reduced, subject to any threshold or other constraint or partially executed or the Fund is closed to 
subscriptions and settlements, for any reason, without having obtained the prior written consent of the Index Calculation 
Agent.  
If a Subscription and/or Settlement Suspension occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument 
or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.8. 
Subscription and/or Settlement Modification 
Subscription Settlement Modification means that (a) new subscription and/or settlement costs for a relevant Fund 
Instrument are introduced, (b) the notice period for Fund Instrument subscriptions and/or settlements is modified 
without having obtained the prior written consent of the Index Calculation Agent or (c) the Fund modifies the terms and 
conditions at which subscription and/or settlement orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided in the 
Fund Documents as of the Creation Date of the Exane Index or implements a modification of the conditions at which 
subscription and/or settlement orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless as to whether the principle 
of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Creation Date of the Exane Index. 
If a Subscription and/or Settlement Modification occur(s), the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust 
any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund 
Instrument or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.9. 
Fees Modification 
Fees Modification means that (i) the Fund applies subscription or settlement fees that are higher than the subscription 
fees and the redemption fees respectively, as specified in the applicable Fund Documents at the Creation Date or (ii) the 
Fund applies any other fees (including any transaction fees or administrative costs) which are not specified in the Fund 
Documents at the Creation Date of the Exane Index. 
The Index Calculation Agent may adjust any terms of the Exane Index, including implementing Substitution of the 
relevant Fund Instrument if a Fees Modification occurs. 
3.10. Fund Documents Modification 
Fund Documents Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents from those 
prevailing on the Creation Date of the Exane Index that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund

--- Page 396 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
396 
 
Instrument or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-end fund that becomes 
a closed-end fund) as determined by the Index Calculation Agent. 
If a Fund Documents Modifications occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.11. Fund Service Provider Event 
Fund Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation or termination of any Fund Service Provider and no 
successor deemed satisfactory in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent has been appointed within five (5) 
Exchange Business Days following such event, (b) a change of control or indirect control of the Fund Service Provider, 
(c) any Fund Service Provider is no longer able in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent to execute its duties with 
the same level of care and diligence as of the Creation Date of the Exane Index, in particular as a result of a legal, 
regulatory or supervisory decision, (d) any Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency 
Event, where “Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event” has the same meaning as a Fund Insolvency Event described 
above, (e) any Fund Service Provider fails to meet its financial commitments at any time, (f) any Fund Service Provider 
is subject to temporary or definitive withdrawal of its license or to disciplinary or administrative proceedings from its 
supervisory authorities or acts fraudulently in relation to the Fund, (g) in the reasonable opinion of the Index 
Calculation Agent, any Fund Service Provider is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the standard care 
which was prevailing on the Creation Date of the Exane Index, (h) the resignation, termination, death or replacement of 
any key person in the management of the Fund has occurred or (i) any other event which may, in the view of the Index 
Calculation Agent, have a material adverse effect on the Fund. 
If a Fund Service Provider Event occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
 
3.12. Net Asset Value Disruption 
Net Asset Value Disruption means that (a) the Fund does not determine its Net Asset Value in accordance with its 
Fund Documents (b) fails to publish its Net Asset Value in accordance with its Fund Documents or (c) fails to carry out 
any action necessary for such determination or publication.  
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
(a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Net Asset Value Disruption occurs or (b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.13. Fund Modification 
Fund Modification means (i) any failure by the Fund Adviser to act in accordance with the investment objectives, risk 
profile or investment guidelines of the Fund, (ii) the imposition by any regulatory body of any restriction limiting the 
ability of any Fund Service Provider to buy or sell shares or other assets, (iii) any limitation on the ability of any Fund 
Service Provider to buy or sell shares or other assets, for reasons relating to liquidity, unfavourable market conditions or 
decrease in the value of the Fund's assets, or (iv) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or 
affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of 
government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or 
affecting the Fund or any of its assets, where, in each case, the Index Calculation Agent considers that such situation is 
unlikely to be remedied within a reasonable time.

--- Page 397 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
397 
 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
(a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Fund Modification occurs or (b) permanently 
cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.14. Strategy Breach 
Strategy Breach means (1) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines specified in the relevant 
Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Instrument or risk profile of the Fund or the 
rights and remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Index Calculation Agent) (2) or, even 
where the Fund Documents are not modified, any material modification or effect, as determined by the Index 
Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Creation Date of the Exane 
Index or of the performance of the Fund by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or 
reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the 
assets of the Fund, which in each case does not necessarily involve an amendment of the Fund Documents. 
If a Strategy Breach occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index 
(an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) permanently 
cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.15. Decrease of Assets Under Management 
Decrease of Assets Under Management means that the Index Calculation Agent determines that during the last twelve 
(12) month period, the total value of the assets managed by the Management Company or the Fund Adviser (including 
the Fund) has decreased by fifty per cent (50%) (due to either a settlement or decrease in the value of such assets). 
If a Decrease of Assets Under Management occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument 
or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane Index  
 
3.16. Regulatory Action 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Instrument: 
(i) 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund or its Fund or its interests by 
any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund or its or its interests;  
(ii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the Fund or its Fund Service Provider or 
manager which is likely, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, is suitable to have an adverse 
impact on the value of such Fund Units or on any investor in the relevant Fund; or  
(iii) 
the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider or manager becoming subject to any investigation, 
proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the potential 
violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund 
Service Provider. 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
(a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument if a Regulatory Action occurs or (b) permanently 
cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.17. Breach of Related Contract(s)

--- Page 398 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
398 
 
Breach of Related Contracts means that the Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service 
Provider (i) fails to perform or breaches its obligations under any contract relating to the management of the Fund or 
any other contract relating to such Fund (the Related Contracts), (ii) terminate the Related Contract(s) for reasons 
beyond the control of the Sponsor, (iii) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the 
validity of such Related Contract(s). The Related Contracts may include, among other, any agreement entered into by 
the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service Provider with the Sponsor. 
If a Breach of Related Contract(s) occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.18. Know Your Fund Procedures 
Know Your Fund Procedures means that, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, the Fund does not comply, in 
full or in part, with the "know your fund" procedures (including in particular its obligations in respect of money-
laundering and terrorism financing).  
If a Know Your Fund Procedures occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the 
Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instruments or (b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
3.19. Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or 
new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that the 
Sponsor will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Exane Index or the Related 
Contract(s) (as referred to in section (P) (Breach of Related Contracts) above) entered into by the Sponsor with the 
Fund, the Management Company, the Depositary and/or the Fund Service Provider (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an 
Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instruments or (b) permanently cancelling 
the Exane Index  
3.20. Reporting Disruption 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Unit, (i) the occurrence of any event that, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Issuer affecting such Fund Unit that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, would make it 
impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the value of such Fund Unit, and such event 
continues for at least the time period specified in the related Final Terms or, if no such time period is specified, the 
foreseeable future; (ii) any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) information that such 
Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Calculation Agent, or (B) information that has been 
previously delivered to the Calculation Agent in accordance with such Fund’s, or its authorised representative’s, normal 
practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary for it to monitor such Fund’s compliance with any investment 
guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund Units. 
If a Reporting Disruption occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane 
Inde (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument or (b) permanently 
cancelling the Exane Index if no other other Event Remedy constitutes suitable remedy for such Event, as determined 
by the Technical Committee.

--- Page 399 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
399 
 
3.21. Other events 
If any other event occurs and in the reasonable opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, affect the value or risk profile of 
the relevant Fund Instruments, the Index Calculation Agent may adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Exane), 
including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Fund Instrument, or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane 
Index. 
 
4. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Futures Contract Instruments 
The Events applicable to a Futures Contract Instrument are defined as follows and include: 
4.1. 
Futures Contract Instruments listed by a third party 
If the Futures Contract Instrument is not listed by the Reference Market, but is listed by another person or party (the 
Third Party) who has been nominated by the Reference Market or any other competent market authority, the 
Reference Market shall be replaced by the Third Party.  
The same shall apply if the Third Party ceases to quote the price of the Futures Contract Instrument, but is replaced by 
another Third Party nominated as provided above.  
4.2. 
Modification of the specific terms, or replacement, of the Futures Contract Instrument 
If the Reference Market, the Third Party or the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument modifies, in any material 
respect, the formula or calculation method for the Futures Contract Instrument or makes any other material modification 
to the Futures Contract Instrument (other than any modification prescribed in such formula or method in order to 
maintain the Futures Contract Instrument in the event of a change to the Futures Contract Underlying) or if the 
Reference Market, any other competent market authority or the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument replaces the 
Futures Contract Instrument with a new futures contract, such new Futures Contract Instrument to be used as the new 
underlying of the Exane Index, the Index Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
may replace the Futures Contract Instrument with the modified Futures Contract Instrument or with the new 
substitute futures contract (as the case may be) multiplying it, if necessary, by a factor that ensures continuity 
in the evolution of the underlying instrument of the Exane Index. The new or amended Futures Contract 
Instrument (as the case may be) and, if necessary, the factor, shall be notified to the Sponsor by the Index 
Calculation Agent as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
shall decide whether to make adjustments to any other terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
electing to (a) proceed with Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract Instrument or (b) permanently cancel 
the Exane Index.. 
4.3. 
Cessation of price quotations for the Futures Contract Instrument 
If the Reference Market or Third Party permanently ceases to quote prices for the Futures Contract Instrument and does 
not provide a new futures contract instrument, the Index Calculation Agent shall convene the Technical Committee in 
order to decide whether to make adjustments to any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) 
implementing Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract Instrument (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index.  
For each Event Remedy, the decision taken by the Technical Committee will be published as per the paragraph 4 of the 
Appendix 1. 
4.4. 
Calculation and publication of the Futures Contract Instrument by a sponsor

--- Page 400 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
400 
 
If the Futures Contract Instrument (i) is not calculated and published by the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument, 
but is calculated and published by a successor sponsor deemed acceptable by the Index Calculation Agent, or (ii) is 
replaced by a successor contract which, in the opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, utilises the same, or a 
substantially similar, formula and calculation method as those used to calculate the Futures Contract Instrument, such 
contract (the Successor Futures Contract Instrument) shall be deemed to be the Futures Contract Instrument, and the 
Appendix 2 shall be interpreted accordingly. 
4.5. 
Publication of the Reference Price of the Futures Contract Instrument 
If the Reference Market, or as the case may be, the sponsor of the Futures Contract Instrument fails to publish the 
Reference Price of the Futures Contract Instrument, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any 
terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract 
Instrument or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index.  
4.6. 
Change in Law  
Change in Law means that, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation, order, regulatory decision, any order of any regulatory or 
taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any 
change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Index Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Exane Index (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
If a Change in Law occurs, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an 
Event Remedy), including electing to (a) implement Substitution of the relevant Futures Contract Instrument or (b) 
permanently cancel the Exane Index.  
 
5. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Debt Security Instruments 
5.1. 
Correction of the Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument  
If the Reference Price of a Debt Security Instrument published by the relevant Reference Market or obtained by the 
Index Calculation Agent, as the case may be, is corrected to a material extent after the Calculation Date, then the 
corrected price shall be deemed to be the Reference Price of the Debt Security Instrument applicable on the Calculation 
Date. 
5.2. 
Merger 
In the event that the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instrument) merges with, or is absorbed by, another issuer 
company (other than a merger of which the issuer Company is the surviving entity) (the Merger), the Index Calculation 
Agent shall decide whether to elect (an Event Remedy) to (a) replace the Debt Security Instruments with New Debt 
Security Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument or (c) permanently cancel the 
Exane Index. 
5.3. 
Spin-off 
In the event of a spin-off of the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instrument) (Spin-off), the Index Calculation 
Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including to (a) replace the Debt 
Security Instruments with New Debt Security Instruments, (b) implement Substitution of the relevant Debt Security 
Instrument or (c) permanently cancel the Exane Index.

--- Page 401 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
401 
 
5.4. 
Insolvency, Restructuring and Deterioration of the Company 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including 
(a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index, (i) in 
the event of a Debt Security Instrument Bankruptcy, (ii) acceleration of the Debt Security Instrument, (iii) restructuring 
of the Debt Security Instrument, either by a reduction of the initially specified rate or amount of interest payable or 
accruing, a reduction in the amount of any premium or principal due at maturity or on the initially specified settlement 
dates, or any postponement of any date or dates on which it is provided (x) that an interest payment is to be made or 
interest begins to accrue or (y) that a repayment of principal or payment of any premium is to be made, or any lowering 
of the priority ranking or status of the Debt Security Instrument, or any change in the monetary unit in which 
repayments of principal or payments of interest must be made, or in their composition, or (iv) any material deterioration 
in the financial situation of the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instrument), in the opinion of the Index 
Calculation Agent.  
5.5. 
Change to the Debt Security Instrument Nominal Value 
In the event of a change to the Debt Security Instrument Nominal Value, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide 
whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including (a) adjust the new Weighting of Debt 
Security Instruments to which each Exane Index henceforth relates or (b) permanently cancel the Exane Index.  
For this purpose, Debt Security Instrument Nominal Value means the nominal value assigned to the Debt Security 
Instrument. 
5.6. 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer  
If an Offer Period commences, the Index Calculation Agent may, having examined its characteristics and relevant 
practical arrangements, elect (a) to maintain the Debt Security Instrument, (b) replace it with the debt instrument issued 
by the Offeror or (c) permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
If the Index Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment during the Offer Period in accordance with the paragraph 
below and if the Company is the subject of a successful Cash/Exchange Tender Offer (the Tender Offer), the Index 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including (a) to 
maintain the Debt Security Instrument as an Index Component, (b) replace the Debt Security Instrument with the 
Substitute Debt Security Instrument, (c) implement Substitution of the Debt Security Instrument or (d) permanently 
cancel the Exane Index. 
For the purposes of this section (Cash/Exchange Tender Offer): 
Cash/Exchange Tender Offer means any acquisition offer made by one or more legal entities (or if applicable one or 
more individuals) (the Offeror) in respect of one or more Debt Security Instruments giving rights to share capital in the 
Company(ies) under the relevant national law, and for a fixed price. 
Offer Period means the period from (and including) the date on which the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer is officially 
announced by the Offeror in whatever manner to the competent supervisory authorities in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction, up to (but excluding) the date of the Cash/Exchange Tender Offer. 
5.7. 
Buy-Back Offer 
In the event of a buy-back offer by the Company (issuer of the Debt Security Instruments) (the Buy-Back Offer), the 
Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including 
electing (an Event Remedy): 
(a) 
to maintain the relevant Debt Security Instrument as an Index Component of the Exane Index, or

--- Page 402 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
402 
 
(b) 
to replace the relevant Debt Security Instrument with the debt instrument issued by the Company, or 
(c) 
to liquidate the relevant Debt Security Instruments, or 
(d) 
permanently cancel the Exane Index. 
5.8. 
Financial default 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including 
(a) proceeding with the Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane 
Index, (i) if a hypothetical investor in a Debt Security Instrument has not received all or any of the coupons and/or 
principal on the dates specified in the applicable Debt Security Instrument documentation in force on the Creation Date; 
or (ii) if an event occurs that may have the same consequences such as a restructuring, insolvency, repudiation or 
moratorium (Financial Default). 
5.9. 
Change in law 
The Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including 
(a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Debt Security Instrument or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane Index 
if, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in any law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any regulatory or taxation authority, or any regulation, rule or 
procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation 
authority), the Index Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Exane Index (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
 
6. 
Adjustment methods applicable to Listed Option Instruments 
6.1. 
Listed Option Instrument listed by a third party 
If the Listed Option Instrument is not listed by the Exchange, but is listed by another person or party which has been 
nominated by the Exchange or any other competent market authority (the Third Party), the Exchange shall be replaced 
by the Third Party.  
The same shall apply if the Third Party ceases to quote the price of the Listed Option Instrument, but is replaced by 
another Third Party nominated as provided above. 
6.2. 
Modification of the terms applicable to the Listed Option, or replacement, of the Listed Option 
If the Exchange or the Third Party substantially amends the terms applicable to the Listed Option or if the Exchange or 
the Third Party replaces the Listed Option with another listed option, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether 
to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including: 
(a) 
replacing the Listed Option Instrument with the amended Listed Option Instrument or by another listed 
option, as applicable and by applying, if necessary, an adjustment coefficient ensuring that the relevant Listed 
Option Instrument may continue to be used for the Exane Index. The amended Listed Option Instrument or 
the other listed option, as the case may be, and, if necessary, the adjustment coefficient shall be notified as 
soon as possible to the Sponsor by the Index Calculation Agent as soon as possible; or 
(b) 
implementing Substitution of the Listed Option; 
(c) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index.

--- Page 403 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
403 
 
6.3. 
Cessation of price quotations on the Listed Option 
If the exchange or Third Party permanently ceases to quote prices for the Listed Option Instrument, the Index 
Calculation Agent shall decide whether to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including: 
(a) 
implementing Substitution of the Listed Option. 
(b) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index. 
6.4. 
Change in Law 
The Index Calculation Agent shall convene the Technical Committee in order to decide whether to adjust any terms of 
the Exane Index (an Event Remedy) including (a) implementing Substitution of the relevant Listed Option Instrument 
or (b) permanently cancelling the Exane Index, on or after the Creation Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change 
in any law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or any order, decision of any regulatory or taxation 
authority, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change 
in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxation authority), the Index Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under the Exane Index (including, without limitation, due to any increase in 
tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
7. Adjustment methods applicable to FX Instruments 
 
7.1. 
 Substitution of a domestic currency with another domestic currency  
In the event that an FX Instruments relates to a domestic currency that is replaced by another currency (the Substitute 
Currency), the Substitute Currency shall be used in place of the replaced domestic currency, using the fixed conversion 
rate between such domestic currency and the Substitute Currency, as established by the relevant authorities.  
7.2. 
Currency of a Member State of the European Union participating in the third phase of economic and 
monetary union introduced on 1 January 1999  
In the event that an FX Instruments relates to a domestic currency that will be replaced by the euro due to participation 
of a Member State of the European Union in the third phase of economic and monetary union introduced on 1 January 
1999, the domestic currency shall be converted into euro using the fixed conversion rate between such domestic 
currency and the euro, as established by the Council of the European Union in accordance with article 123 (4) of the 
Treaty, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest one-hundredth of a euro (0.005 euro being rounded-up to the next 
highest one hundredth of a euro). 
7.3. 
Cessation of publication of FX Instruments 
If the Price Source permanently ceases to publish the FX Instruments and no Substitute FX Instruments is available, the 
Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including 
implementing Substitution of the relevant FX Instruments. 
7.4. 
Change in Law 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities, including implementing 
Substitution of the relevant FX Instruments if, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in 
any law (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation, order, regulatory decision, any order of any 
regulatory or taxation authority or any rule, regulation or procedure of any stock exchange, or (B) due to the 
promulgation of, or any change in or new interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxation authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith

--- Page 404 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
404 
 
that (X) it has become illegal or contrary to any applicable regulation for the Hedging Party, to hold, acquire or dispose 
of the relevant FX Instruments /Hedged Positions in relation to such Securities, or (Y) it will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in 
tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
 
8. Adjustment methods applicable to OTC Derivatives Instruments 
 
In case of the occurrence of an event of default or a termination event as defined into the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement 
or 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) 
which cause the early termination of the OTC Derivatives Instrument, the Index Calculation Agent shall decide whether 
to adjust any terms of the Exane Index (an Event Remedy), including:  
(a)  
replacing the OTC Derivatives Instrument with the amended OTC Derivatives Instrument or by another OTC 
Derivatives Instrument, as applicable and by applying, if necessary, an adjustment coefficient ensuring that 
the relevant Listed Option Instrument may continue to be used for the Exane Index. The amended OTC 
Derivatives Instrument or the other OTC derivatives instrument, as the case may be, and, if necessary, the 
adjustment coefficient shall be notified as soon as possible to the Sponsor by the Index Calculation Agent as 
soon as possible; or 
(b) 
implementing Substitution of the OTC Derivatives Instrument; 
(c) 
permanently cancelling the Exane Index

--- Page 405 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
405 
 
Appendix X - List of Admissible Markets and Admissible Quote Currencies 
Admissible Markets 
Admissible Quote Currencies 
 
 
ASX – Australian Securities Exchange 
AUD 
CSE – Canadian Securities Exchange 
CAD 
EURONEXT Brussels (BE) 
EUR 
EURONEXT Paris (FR) 
EUR 
EURONEXT Amsterdam (NL) 
EUR 
EURONEXT Lisbon (PT) 
EUR 
HKEX – Hong Kong Stock Exchange 
HKD 
London Stock Exchange 
GBP 
Milan Stock Exchange 
EUR 
Nasdaq 
USD 
NYSE 
USD 
OMX - Helsinki Stock Exchange (FI) 
EUR 
OMX - Copenhagen Stock Exchange (DK) 
DKK 
OMX - Stockholm Stock Exchange (SE) 
SEK 
OMX - Rekjavik Stock Exchange (IS) 
ISK 
Oslo Stock Exchange 
NOK 
SGX – Singapore Exchange 
SGD 
SIBE Stock Exchange 
EUR 
Tokyo Stock Exchange 
YEN 
Virt-x, SWX Swiss Exchange 
CHF 
Xetra - Vienna Stock Exchange (AT) 
EUR 
Xetra - German Stock Exchange (DE) 
EUR 
Xetra - Irish Stock Exchange (IE) 
EUR

--- Page 406 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
406 
 
Appendix Y - List of Withholding Tax applicable to dividends 
 
The withholding tax rate applicable to dividends in the country of domicile (“Withholding Tax”) is the one applied by 
STOXX ©, as adjusted from time to time, available on the site http://www.stoxx.com/indices/taxes.html as of 16 July 
2021and detailed in the table below for information purposes only. 
 
Country 
Code 
Withholding tax 
Argentina 
AR 
7.00% 
Australia 
AU 
30.00% 
Austria 
AT 
27.50% 
Bahamas 
BS 
0.00% 
Bahrain 
BH 
0.00% 
Belgium 
BE 
30.00% 
Bermuda 
BM 
0.00% 
Brazil 
BR 
0.00% 
Bulgaria 
BG 
5.00% 
Canada 
CA 
25.00% 
Cayman Islands 
KY 
0.00% 
Chile 
CL 
35.00% 
China 
CN 
10.00% 
Colombia 
CO 
37.10% 
Croatia 
HR 
12.00% 
Curaçao 
CW 
0.00% 
Cyprus 
CY 
0.00% 
Czech Republic 
CZ 
15.00% 
Denmark 
DK 
27.00% 
Egypt 
EG 
10.00% 
Estonia 
EE 
0.00% 
Finland 
FI 
30.00% 
France 
FR 
28.00% 
Germany 
DE 
26.38% 
Greece 
GR 
5.00% 
Hong Kong 
HK 
0.00% 
Hungary 
HU 
0.00% 
Iceland 
IS 
20.00% 
India 
IN 
0.00% 
Indonesia 
ID 
20.00% 
Ireland 
IE 
25.00% 
Isle of Man 
IM 
0.00% 
Israel 
IL 
25.00% 
Italy 
IT 
26.00% 
Japan 
JP 
20.315% 
Jersey 
JE 
0.00% 
Jordan 
JO 
0.00% 
Kuwait 
KW 
0.00% 
Latvia 
LV 
0.00% 
Liberia 
LR 
15.00% 
Liechtenstein 
LI 
0.00% 
Lithuania 
LT 
15.00% 
Luxembourg 
LU 
15.00% 
Macedonia (FYROM) 
MK 
10.00% 
Malaysia 
MY 
0.00% 
Malta 
MT 
0.00% 
Marshall Islands 
MH 
0.00% 
Mauritius 
MU 
0.00% 
Mexico 
MX 
10.00% 
Morocco 
MA 
15.00% 
Netherlands 
NL 
15.00% 
New Zealand 
NZ 
33.00% 
Nigeria 
NG 
10.00% 
Norway 
NO 
25.00% 
Oman 
OM 
10.00% 
Pakistan 
PK 
12.50% 
Panama 
PA 
20.00% 
Papua New Guinea 
PG 
15.00% 
Peru 
PE 
5.00% 
Philippines 
PH 
30.00% 
Poland 
PL 
19.00%

--- Page 407 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
407 
 
Country 
Code 
Withholding tax 
Portugal 
PT 
25.00% 
Qatar 
QA 
0.00% 
Romania 
RO 
5.00% 
Russia 
RU 
15.00% 
Saudi Arabia 
SA 
5.00% 
Serbia 
RS 
20.00% 
Singapore 
SG 
0.00% 
Slovak Republic 
SK 
35.00% 
Slovenia 
SI 
15.00% 
South Africa 
ZA 
20.00% 
South Korea 
KR 
22.00% 
Spain 
ES 
19.00% 
Sri Lanka 
LK 
14.00% 
Sweden 
SE 
30.00% 
Switzerland 
CH 
35.00% 
Taiwan 
TW 
21.00% 
Thailand 
TH 
10.00% 
Tunisia 
TN 
10.00% 
Turkey 
TR 
15.00% 
Ukraine 
UA 
15.00% 
United Arab Emirates 
AE 
0.00% 
United Kingdom 
GB 
0.00% 
USA 
US 
30.00% 
Venezuela 
VE 
34.00% 
Vietnam 
VN 
0.00% 
British Virgin Islands 
VG 
0.00%

--- Page 408 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
408 
 
Appendix Z - List of the 17 market makers 
BCSB 
Barclays 
CAED 
Crédit Agricole 
CG 
Citigroup 
CS 
Crédit Suisse 
DB 
Deutsche Bank Group 
DMG 
Deutsche Bank Securities 
EXA 
Exane 
GOLD 
Goldman Sachs 
JJEY 
Jefferies 
KNGS 
KNG Securities 
MS 
Morgan Stanley 
NMDP 
Nomura 
NXED 
Natixis 
PARS 
BNP 
CG 
Citigroup 
SGEN 
Société Générale 
WDRL 
UBS

--- Page 409 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
409 
 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES 
 
“Exane Apollo” 
“Exane Apollo NTR” 
“Exane Apollo EUR-H” 
“Exane Apollo USD-H” 
“Exane Apollo CHF-H” 
 
 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
This document, published by Exane Derivatives, constitutes the specific methodology for the Exane Apollo, Exane 
Apollo NTR, the Exane Apollo EUR-H, the Exane Apollo USD-H and the Exane Apollo CHF-H indices (the “Specific 
Methodology”). 
Together 
with 
the 
General 
Methodology 
(available 
within 
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
at 
www.exane.com/exaneIssues), the Specific Methodology defines the formulae and the procedures for their construction 
and calculation. 
 
The Exane Apollo, Exane Apollo NTR, Apollo EUR-H, Apollo CHF-H and Apollo USD-H Indices are Proprietary 
Indices as stated in the applicable Base Prospectus (available at https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues) and shall hereafter 
be referred to respectively as the “Exane Index”, the “Exane NTR Index”, the “Exane EUR-H Index” , the “Exane 
CHF-H Index” and the “Exane USD-H Index” or collectively as the “Exane Indices”. 
 
Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the General Methodology. 
 
 
2. 
General Index Terms 
 
Bloomberg Code 
EXDMAPOL for the Exane NTR Index 
EXDMAPOP for the Exane Index 
EXDMAPEH for the Exane EUR-H 
EXDMAPUH for the Exane USD-H 
EXDMAPCH for the Exane CHF-H 
 
  
Calculation Agent 
Exane Derivatives 
Creation Date 
07/09/2020 
Creation Value 
1 000.00 
Base Currency 
Euro (EUR) 
US dollar (USD) for the Exane USD-H 
Swiss Franc (CHF) for the Exane CHF-H  
Exane Index 
Exane Apollo 
Exane Total Return Index 
Exane Apollo NTR 
Exane EUR-H Index 
Exane Apollo EUR-H 
Exane USD-H Index 
Exane Apollo USD-H 
Exane CHF-H Index 
Exane Apollo CHF-H 
Index Family 
Equity 
Index Components 
Equity Instruments, Index 
Index Components for the Exane 
EUR-H, USD,-H, CHF-H 
The Exane Total Return Index 
The Foreign monetary indices 
The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF Monetary 
Index 
Foreign monetary indices 
The following non exhaustive list of monetary indices: 
- 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3CHF)

--- Page 410 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
410 
 
- 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3DKK) 
- 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3GBP) 
- 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HKD) 
- 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HUF) 
- 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3JPY) 
- 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3NOK) 
- 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3PLN) 
- 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3SEK) 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3USD) 
EUR Monetary Index 
Exane EUR 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3EUR) 
USD Monetary Index 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3USD) 
CHF Monetary Index 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3CHF) 
Index Fees 
0.20% 
Index Format 
Price Return for the Exane Index 
Net Total Return for the Exane NTR Index 
Net Total Return for the Exane EUR-H Index, USD-H, CHF-H 
Rebalancing frequency 
Ad-hoc, for the Exane EUR-H, Exane USD-H, Exane CHF-H each time there is 
a rebalancing on the Exane Total Return Index 
Number of Rebalancing Days 
1 Calculation Date 
Administrator/Sponsor 
Exane Derivatives 
Advisor 
the Index Committee 
 
 
3. 
Objective of the Exane Indices 
 
The Exane Indices are based on a bottom-up selection of international stocks determined by the Index Committee. The 
selected equities are expected to be driven by the return of state interventionism for the coming years, according to 
investment themes identified by the Exane Research and sales recommendation. This selection will also notably be 
based on Exane BNP-Paribas’s stock analyst recommendations. 
 
 
The objective of the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index is to be exposed to 
the performance of the Exane Total Return Index with a dynamic hedge against the variations of the Exane Total Return 
Index components due to variations of foreign currencies against the Base Currency. The foreign exchange hedging is 
implemented with a borrowing position on the foreign currencies and a lending position on the Base Currency. This 
position is renewed each time there is a rebalancing on the Underlying Index. 
 
 
4. 
Construction and Calculation Rules of the Exane Indices 
 
4.1. 
Composition of the Exane Indices 
 
 It is built as follows: 
 
- The Investment Universe is made of European exchange traded stocks 
- The components will invest as closely as possible the different thematics of the Exane Apollo approach as defined by 
Exane Asset Allocation’s team 
- Each component having an Exane BNPP recommendation has to be at least rated as “outperform” or “neutral”

--- Page 411 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
411 
 
- Equal weighting of components at each reshuffle 
The turnover of the selection will notably depend on the intrinsic turnover of the Apollo approach and the 
recommendation’s change at Exane BNPP-Paribas. 
The Index Components are selected based on the process described above and in accordance with the Technical 
Eligibility Criteria as described in paragraph 3 of the General Methodology. 
 
The Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index are composed of the following Index 
Components: 
- The Exane Total Return Index, 
- The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF Monetary Index 
- The following non exhaustive list of foreign monetary indices depending on which currencies of the 
Underlying Index Components have to be hedged on the Rebalancing Date: 
 
 
i 
Foreign monetary index i 
Foreign currency i 
Bloomberg Code 
1 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Swiss Franc (CHF) 
EXDM3CHF 
2 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Danish Krone (DKK) 
EXDM3DKK 
3 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Sterling Pound (GBP) 
EXDM3GBP 
4 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) 
EXDM3HKD 
5 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hungarian Forint (HUF) 
EXDM3HUF 
6 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Japanese Yen (JPY) 
EXDM3JPY 
7 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Norwegian Krone (NOK) 
EXDM3NOK 
8 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Polish Zloty (PLN) 
EXDM3PLN 
9 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Swedish Krona (SEK) 
EXDM3SEK 
10 Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
U.S. Dollar (USD) 
EXDM3USD 
 
 
 
4.2. 
Calculation Method of the Exane Indices 
 
4.2.1. Reinvestment mechanism of income and profits of an Index Component 
 
The Exane Index is calculated without reinvestment of income and profits. 
 
The Exane NTR Index is calculated with income and profits reinvested (after potential withholding tax) in 
the Exane NTR Index converted into the Base Currency and paid either in shares or in cash (Net Total 
Return). 
 
4.2.2. Weighting of the Index Components on each Rebalancing Date 
 
The Index Components are equally-weighted on each Rebalancing Date for the Exane Index and the 
Exane Total Return Index. 
 
For the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index on any Rebalancing 
Date 𝑑, the weights of the Index Components are determined in accordance with the following rules: 
- 
The weight of the Exane Total Return Index is equal to 100%, 
- 
The weight of each Foreign Monetary Index 𝑖, 𝑤𝑖(𝑑), is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 412 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
412 
 
 
𝑤𝑖(𝑑) =
{
 
 
 
 −∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑)
𝑆𝑖
1
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) ≥1%
𝑆𝑖
1
0
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) < 1%
𝑆𝑖
1
 
 
- 
The weight of the EUR Monetary Index ((𝒘𝑬𝑰(𝒅)), resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF 
Monetary Index are calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) = −∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑)
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
 
With: 
𝑆𝑖 
is the total number of Components of the Exane Total Return Index 
denominated in foreign currency 𝑖, 
𝑧𝑗(𝑑)  
is the weight of the jth share of the Exane Total Return Index denominated 
in foreign currency 𝑖 on Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝑛𝐹𝐶  
is the number of foreign currencies of the Exane Total Return Index 
components to be hedged in the Exane Index on Rebalancing 𝑑. 
  
 
4.2.3. Foreign exchange risk 
 
The foreign exchange risk, if any, is not hedged in the Exane Index and in the Exane Total Return Index. 
The prices of the Index Components are expressed in the Base Currency and can be converted as 
stipulated in Appendix 1 of the General Methodology “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices”. 
 
4.3. 
Calculation Formulas 
 
The Calculation Agent of the Exane Indices will use the calculation formulas as mentioned in Appendix 1 
“Calculation Method of the Exane Indices” of the General Methodology using the following criteria: 
 
 
Index Fees “F” are equal to 0.20% 
 
B is equal to 252. 
 
n(t) is the number of Calculation Dates between the Creation Date of the Exane Indices and Calculation 
Date t. 
 
Clause 4.1.2 cont. “Weighting of the Index Components at each Rebalancing Date” will apply. 
 
Clause 4.2 a) “Mechanism specific to reinvestment of income and profits of an Index Component” will 
apply to the Exane NTR Index.  
 
 
On any Calculation Date 𝑡, the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index and the Exane CHF-H Index are 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐸𝐼𝑡
𝐸𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝑈𝐼𝑡
𝑈𝐼𝑑
)]

--- Page 413 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
413 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐶𝐼𝑡
𝐶𝐼𝑑
)] 
 
 
With: 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane EUR-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane USD-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane CHF-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Exane Total Return Index on Calculation 
Date 𝑡, 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane Total Return Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on Calculation 
Date 𝑡, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐵 
is equal to 360, 
𝑛𝑏𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑑𝑎𝑦𝑠(𝑑, 𝑡) 
is the number of calendar days between the last Rebalancing Date 𝑑 and 
Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR (expressed 
as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Calculation Date 𝑡 as defined in 
the General Methodology, 
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR (expressed 
as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Rebalancing Date 𝑑 as defined in 
the General Methodology, 
𝐸𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Euro Monetary Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐸𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝑈𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Euro Monetary Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝑈𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝐶𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Euro Monetary Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐶𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
 
 
5. 
Publication 
 
Any information regarding the Exane Indices is available on the website www.exane.com. 
The latest valuations of Exane Indices, including performance and 1-year volatility, are available on Bloomberg Page 
<ALLX EXDM>.

--- Page 414 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
414 
 
 
Disclaimer: Conflicts of Interest 
 
The calculation and publication of the values of the Exane Proprietary Index by Exane Derivatives requires the 
calculation of Index values based on predetermined rules set out in the Index calculation methodology by Exane 
Derivatives, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exane SA.  
This step may give rise to conflicts of interest. The principal negative impact of such conflicts of interest would 
challenge the independence of the Index calculation process.  
The impartiality and independence of the Exane Proprietary Index calculation process is guaranteed by the procedure 
for managing conflicts of interest at Exane. 
The 
conflicts 
of 
interest 
management 
policy 
can 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
address:  
https://www.exane.com/pdf/corporate/mifidConflitFR.pdf 
 
Disclosure 
 
This index does not specifically pursue alignment with the target of reducing carbon emissions or with the long-
term global warming target of the Paris Climate Agreement.

--- Page 415 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
415 
 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES 
 
“Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery NTR” 
“Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery EUR-H” 
“Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery USD-H” 
“Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery CHF-H” 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
This document, published by Exane Derivatives, constitutes the specific methodology for the Exane Explorer Consumer 
Recovery NTR, the Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery EUR-H, the Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery USD-H and 
the Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery CHF-H Indices (the “Specific Methodology”). Together with the General 
Methodology (available within the Base Prospectus at www.exane.com/exaneIssues), the Specific Methodology defines 
the formulae and the procedures for their construction and calculation. 
 
The Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery NTR, Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery EUR-H, Exane Explorer 
Consumer Recovery USD-H and Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery CHF-H Indices are Proprietary Indices as stated 
in the applicable Base Prospectus (available at https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues) and shall hereafter be referred to 
respectively as the “Exane NTR Index”, the “Exane EUR-H Index”, the “Exane USD-H Index” and the “Exane CHF-H 
Index” or collectively as the “Exane Indices”. 
 
Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the General Methodology. 
 
 
2. 
General Index Terms 
 
Bloomberg Code 
EXDMCONS for the Exane NTR Index 
EXDMCOEH for the Exane EUR-H 
EXDMCOUH for the Exane USD-H 
EXDMCOCH for the Exane CHF-H 
 
 
  
Calculation Agent 
Exane Derivatives 
Creation Date 
14/04/2021 
Creation Value 
1 000.00 
Base Currency 
Euro (EUR) 
Euro (EUR) for the Exane EUR-H  
US dollar (USD) for the Exane USD-H 
Swiss Franc (CHF) for the Exane CHF-H 
Exane NTR Index 
Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery NTR 
Exane EUR-H Index 
Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery EUR-H 
Exane USD-H Index 
Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery USD-H 
Exane CHF-H Index 
Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery CHF-H 
Index Family 
Equity 
Index Components 
Equity Instruments, Index 
Index Components for the Exane 
EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H 
Index and the Exane CHF-H 
Index 
The Exane NTR Index  
The Foreign monetary indices 
The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index and the CHF 
Monetary Index.  
Foreign monetary indices 
The following non exhaustive list of monetary indices: 
- 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3CHF) 
- 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code:

--- Page 416 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
416 
 
EXDM3DKK) 
- 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3GBP) 
- 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HKD) 
- 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HUF) 
- 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3JPY) 
- 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3NOK) 
- 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3PLN) 
- 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3SEK) 
- 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3USD) 
EUR Monetary Index 
Exane EUR 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3EUR) 
USD Monetary Index 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3USD) 
CHF Monetary Index 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3CHF) 
Index Fees 
0.20% 
Index Format 
Net Total Return for the Exane NTR Index 
Net Total Return for the Exane EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H Index and the 
Exane CHF-H Index 
Rebalancing frequency 
Ad-hoc for the Exane NTR Index, each time there is a rebalancing on the Exane 
NTR Index for the Exane EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H Index and the Exane 
CHF-H Index 
Number of Rebalancing Days 
1 Calculation Date 
Administrator/Sponsor 
Exane Derivatives 
Advisor 
the Index Committee 
 
 
3. 
Objective of the Exane Indices 
 
The Exane Indices are based on a bottom-up selection of international stocks determined by the Index Committee. The 
selected equities are expected to be driven by the consumption for the next years, according to investment themes 
identified by the Exane Research and sales recommendation. This selection will also notably be based on Exane BNP-
Paribas’s stock analyst recommendations. 
 
 
The objective of the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, and the Exane CHF-H Index is to be exposed 
to the performance of the Exane NTR Index with a dynamic hedge against the variations of the Exane NTR Index 
components due to variations of foreign currencies against the Base Currency. The foreign exchange hedging is 
implemented with a borrowing position on the foreign currencies and a lending position on the Base Currency. This 
position is renewed each time there is a rebalancing on the Underlying Index. 
 
 
4. 
Construction and Calculation Rules of the Exane Indices 
 
4.1. 
Composition of the Exane Indices 
 
 It is built as follows: 
 
- The Investment Universe is made of listed stocks 
- The components will invest as closely as possible the different thematic of the Exane Explorer Consumer Recovery 
universe as defined by Exane Derivatives’ Asset Allocation Research. 
- Each component having an Exane BNP-Paribas recommendation has to be at least rated as “outperform” or “neutral”

--- Page 417 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
417 
 
- Equal weighting of components at each reshuffle 
The turnover of the selection will notably depend on the intrinsic turnover of the Exane Explorer Consumer universe 
and the recommendation’s change at Exane BNPP-Paribas. 
The Index Components are selected based on the process described above and in accordance with the Technical 
Eligibility Criteria as described in paragraph 3 of the General Methodology. 
 
The Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, and the Exane CHF-H Index are composed of the following 
Index Components: 
- The Exane NTR Index, 
- The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index and the CHF Monetary Index. 
- The following non exhaustive list of foreign monetary indices depending on which currencies of the 
Underlying Index Components have to be hedged on the Rebalancing Date: 
 
 
i 
Foreign monetary index i 
Foreign currency i 
Bloomberg Code 
1 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Swiss Franc (CHF) 
EXDM3CHF 
2 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Danish Krone (DKK) 
EXDM3DKK 
3 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Sterling Pound (GBP) 
EXDM3GBP 
4 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) 
EXDM3HKD 
5 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hungarian Forint (HUF) 
EXDM3HUF 
6 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Japanese Yen (JPY) 
EXDM3JPY 
7 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Norwegian Krone (NOK) 
EXDM3NOK 
8 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Polish Zloty (PLN) 
EXDM3PLN 
9 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Swedish Krona (SEK) 
EXDM3SEK 
10 Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
U.S. Dollar (USD) 
EXDM3USD 
 
 
 
4.2. 
Calculation Method of the Exane Indices 
 
4.2.1. Reinvestment mechanism of income and profits of an Index Component 
 
 
The Exane NTR Index is calculated with income and profits reinvested (after potential withholding tax) in 
the Exane NTR Index converted into the Base Currency and paid either in shares or in cash (Net Total 
Return). 
 
In the case of any Portfolio Component expected to pay a dividend from sources within the United States 
and thus subject to the U.S 871(m) withholding regime, the reinvestment of income and profits will be 
equal to 55% taking into account inter alia the applicable U.S withholding tax. 
 
 
4.2.2. Weighting of the Index Components on each Rebalancing Date 
 
The Index Components are equally-weighted on each Rebalancing Date for the Exane Index and the 
Exane NTR Index.

--- Page 418 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
418 
 
For the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index and the Exane CHF-H Index on any 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, the weights of the Index Components are determined in accordance with the 
following rules: 
- 
The weight of the Exane NTR Index is equal to 100%, 
- 
The weight of each Foreign Monetary Index 𝑖, 𝑤𝑖(𝑑), is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
𝑤𝑖(𝑑) =
{
 
 
 
 −∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑)
𝑆𝑖
1
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) ≥1%
𝑆𝑖
1
0
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) < 1%
𝑆𝑖
1
 
 
- 
The weight of the EUR Monetary Index ((𝒘𝑬𝑰(𝒅)), resp. the USD Monetary Index and the CHF 
Monetary Index are calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) = −∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑)
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
 
With: 
𝑆𝑖 
is the total number of Components of the Exane NTR Index denominated 
in foreign currency 𝑖, 
𝑧𝑗(𝑑)  
is the weight of the jth share of the Exane NTR Index denominated in 
foreign currency 𝑖 on Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝑛𝐹𝐶  
is the number of foreign currencies of the Exane NTR Index components 
to be hedged in the Exane Index on Rebalancing 𝑑. 
  
 
4.2.3. Foreign exchange risk 
 
The foreign exchange risk, if any, is not hedged in the Exane NTR Index. The prices of the Index 
Components are expressed in the Base Currency and can be converted as stipulated in Appendix 1 of the 
General Methodology “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices”. 
 
4.3. 
Calculation Formulas 
 
The Calculation Agent of the Exane Indices will use the calculation formulas as mentioned in Appendix 1 
“Calculation Method of the Exane Indices” of the General Methodology using the following criteria: 
 
 
Index Fees “F” are equal to 0.20% 
 
B is equal to 252. 
 
n(t) is the number of Calculation Dates between the Creation Date of the Exane Indices and Calculation 
Date t. 
 
Clause 4.1.2 cont. “Weighting of the Index Components at each Rebalancing Date” will apply. 
 
Clause 4.2 a) “Mechanism specific to reinvestment of income and profits of an Index Component” will 
apply to the Exane NTR Index.  
 
 
On any Calculation Date 𝑡, the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index and the Exane CHF-H Index are 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 419 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
419 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐸𝐼𝑡
𝐸𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝑈𝐼𝑡
𝑈𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐶𝐼𝑡
𝐶𝐼𝑑
)] 
 
With: 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane EUR-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane USD-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane CHF-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Exane NTR Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane NTR Index on the last Rebalancing 
Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on Calculation 
Date 𝑡, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR (expressed 
as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Calculation Date 𝑡 as defined in 
the General Methodology, 
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR (expressed 
as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Rebalancing Date 𝑑 as defined in 
the General Methodology, 
𝐸𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the EUR Monetary Index on Calculation Date 
𝑡, 
𝐸𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the EUR Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝑈𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on Calculation Date 
𝑡, 
𝑈𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝐶𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐶𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
 
 
5. 
Publication 
 
Any information regarding the Exane Indices is available on the website www.exane.com. 
The latest valuations of Exane Indices, including performance and 1-year volatility, are available on Bloomberg Page 
<ALLX EXDM>.

--- Page 420 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
420 
 
 
Disclaimer: Conflicts of Interest 
 
The calculation and publication of the values of the Exane Proprietary Index by Exane Derivatives requires the 
calculation of Index values based on predetermined rules set out in the Index calculation methodology by Exane 
Derivatives, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exane SA.  
This step may give rise to conflicts of interest. The principal negative impact of such conflicts of interest would 
challenge the independence of the Index calculation process.  
The impartiality and independence of the Exane Proprietary Index calculation process is guaranteed by the procedure 
for managing conflicts of interest at Exane. 
The 
conflicts 
of 
interest 
management 
policy 
can 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
address:  
https://www.exane.com/pdf/corporate/mifidConflitFR.pdf 
 
Disclosure 
 
This index does not specifically pursue alignment with the target of reducing carbon emissions or with the long-
term global warming target of the Paris Climate Agreement.

--- Page 421 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
421 
 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES 
 
“Exane Explorer Green Deal NTR” 
“Exane Explorer Green Deal EUR-H” 
“Exane Explorer Green Deal USD-H” 
“Exane Explorer Green Deal CHF-H” 
“Exane Explorer Green Deal GBP-H” 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
This document, published by Exane Derivatives, constitutes the specific methodology for the Exane Explorer Green 
Deal NTR, the Exane Explorer Green Deal EUR-H, the Exane Explorer Green Deal USD-H and the Exane Explorer 
Green Deal CHF-H Indices (the “Specific Methodology”). Together with the General Methodology (available within 
the Base Prospectus at www.exane.com/exaneIssues), the Specific Methodology defines the formulae and the 
procedures for their construction and calculation. 
 
The Exane Explorer Green Deal NTR, Exane Explorer Green Deal EUR-H, Exane Explorer Green Deal USD-H and 
Exane Explorer Green Deal CHF-H Indices are Proprietary Indices as stated in the applicable Base Prospectus 
(available at https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues) and shall hereafter be referred to respectively as the “Exane NTR 
Index”, the “Exane EUR-H Index”, the “Exane USD-H Index” and the “Exane CHF-H Index” or collectively as the 
“Exane Indices”. 
 
Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the General Methodology. 
 
 
2. 
General Index Terms 
 
Bloomberg Code 
EXDMGREN for the Exane NTR Index 
EXDMGREE for the Exane EUR-H Index 
EXDMGREU for the Exane USD-H Index 
EXDMGREC for the Exane CHF-H Index 
EXDMGREG for the Exane GBP-H Index 
 
 
 
  
Calculation Agent 
Exane Derivatives 
Creation Date 
26/04/2021 
Creation Value 
1 000.00 
Base Currency 
Euro (EUR) for the Exane NTR Index 
Euro (EUR) for the Exane EUR-H Index 
US dollar (USD) for the Exane USD-H Index 
Swiss Franc (CHF) for the Exane CHF-H Index 
British Pound (GBP) for the Exane GBP-H Index 
Exane NTR Index 
Exane Explorer Green Deal NTR 
Exane EUR-H Index 
Exane Explorer Green Deal EUR-H 
Exane USD-H Index 
Exane Explorer Green Deal USD-H 
Exane CHF-H Index 
Exane Explorer Green Deal CHF-H 
Exane GBP-H Index 
Exane Explorer Green Deal GBP-H 
Index Family 
Equity 
Index Components 
Equity Instruments, Index 
Index Components for the Exane 
EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H 
Index, the Exane CHF-H Index 
and the Exane GBP-H Index 
The Exane NTR Index  
The Foreign monetary indices 
The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF Monetary 
Index and the GBP Monetary Index.

--- Page 422 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
422 
 
Foreign monetary indices 
The following non exhaustive list of monetary indices: 
- 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3CHF) 
- 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3DKK) 
- 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3GBP) 
- 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HKD) 
- 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HUF) 
- 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3JPY) 
- 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3NOK) 
- 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3PLN) 
- 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3SEK) 
- 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3USD) 
EUR Monetary Index 
Exane EUR 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3EUR) 
USD Monetary Index 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3USD) 
CHF Monetary Index 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3CHF) 
GBP Monetary Index 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3GBP) 
Index Fees 
0.20%  p.a. 
Index Format 
Net Total Return for the Exane NTR Index 
Net Total Return for the Exane EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H Index, the 
Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-H Index 
Rebalancing frequency 
Ad-hoc for the Exane NTR Index, each time there is a rebalancing on the Exane 
NTR Index for the Exane EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane 
CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-H Index 
Number of Rebalancing Days 
1 Calculation Date 
Administrator/Sponsor 
Exane Derivatives 
Advisor 
the Index Committee 
 
 
3. 
Objective of the Exane Indices 
 
The Exane Indices are based on a bottom-up selection of international stocks determined by the Index Committee. The 
selected equities are expected to be driven by the ‘green new deal’ for the next years, according to investment themes 
identified by the Exane Research and sales recommendation. This selection will also notably be based on Exane BNP-
Paribas’s stock analyst recommendations. 
 
 
The objective of the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-
H Index is to be exposed to the performance of the Exane NTR Index with a dynamic hedge against the variations of the 
Exane NTR Index components due to variations of foreign currencies against the Base Currency. The foreign exchange 
hedging is implemented with a borrowing position on the foreign currencies and a lending position on the Base 
Currency. This position is renewed each time there is a rebalancing on the Underlying Index. 
 
4. 
Construction and Calculation Rules of the Exane Indices 
 
4.1. 
Composition of the Exane Indices 
 
 It is built as follows:

--- Page 423 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
423 
 
 
- The Investment Universe is made of listed stocks 
- The components will invest as closely as possible the different thematic of the Exane Explorer Green Deal universe as 
defined by Exane Research. 
- Each components having an Exane BNP-Paribas recommendation has to be at least rated as “outperform” or “neutral” 
- Equal weighting of components at each reshuffle 
The turnover of the selection will notably depend on the intrinsic turnover of the Exane Explorer Green Deal universe 
and the recommendation’s change at Exane BNPP-Paribas. 
The Index Components are selected based on the process described above and in accordance with the Technical 
Eligibility Criteria as described in paragraph 3 of the General Methodology. 
 
The Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, and the Exane CHF-H Index are composed of the following 
Index Components: 
- The Exane NTR Index, 
- The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index and the CHF Monetary Index. 
- The following non exhaustive list of foreign monetary indices depending on which currencies of the 
Underlying Index Components have to be hedged on the Rebalancing Date: 
 
 
i 
Foreign monetary index i 
Foreign currency i 
Bloomberg Code 
1 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Swiss Franc (CHF) 
EXDM3CHF 
2 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Danish Krone (DKK) 
EXDM3DKK 
3 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Sterling Pound (GBP) 
EXDM3GBP 
4 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) 
EXDM3HKD 
5 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hungarian Forint (HUF) 
EXDM3HUF 
6 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Japanese Yen (JPY) 
EXDM3JPY 
7 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Norwegian Krone (NOK) 
EXDM3NOK 
8 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Polish Zloty (PLN) 
EXDM3PLN 
9 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Swedish Krona (SEK) 
EXDM3SEK 
10 Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
U.S. Dollar (USD) 
EXDM3USD 
 
 
 
4.2. 
Calculation Method of the Exane Indices 
 
4.2.1. Reinvestment mechanism of income and profits of an Index Component 
 
 
The Exane NTR Index is calculated with income and profits reinvested (after potential withholding tax) in 
the Exane NTR Index converted into the Base Currency and paid either in shares or in cash (Net Total 
Return). 
In the case of any Portfolio Component expected to pay a dividend from sources within the United States 
and thus subject to the U.S 871(m) withholding regime, the reinvestment of income and profits will be 
equal to 55% taking into account inter alia the applicable U.S withholding tax. 
 
 
4.2.2. Weighting of the Index Components on each Rebalancing Date

--- Page 424 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
424 
 
The Index Components are equally-weighted on each Rebalancing Date for the Exane NTR Index. 
 
For the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane 
GBP-H Index on any Rebalancing Date 𝑑, the weights of the Index Components are determined in 
accordance with the following rules: 
- 
The weight of the Exane NTR Index is equal to 100%, 
- 
The weight of each Foreign Monetary Index 𝑖, 𝑤𝑖(𝑑), is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
𝑤𝑖(𝑑) =
{
 
 
 
 −∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑)
𝑆𝑖
1
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) ≥1%
𝑆𝑖
1
0
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) < 1%
𝑆𝑖
1
 
 
- 
The weight of the EUR Monetary Index ((𝒘𝑬𝑰(𝒅)), resp. the USD Monetary Index and the CHF 
Monetary Index are calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) = −∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑)
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
 
With: 
𝑆𝑖 
is the total number of Components of the Exane NTR Index denominated 
in foreign currency 𝑖, 
𝑧𝑗(𝑑)  
is the weight of the jth share of the Exane NTR Index denominated in 
foreign currency 𝑖 on Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝑛𝐹𝐶  
is the number of foreign currencies of the Exane NTR Index components 
to be hedged in the Exane Index on Rebalancing 𝑑. 
  
 
4.2.3. Foreign exchange risk 
 
The foreign exchange risk, if any, is not hedged in the Exane NTR Index. The prices of the Index 
Components are expressed in the Base Currency and can be converted as stipulated in Appendix 1 of the 
General Methodology “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices”. 
 
4.3. 
Calculation Formulas 
 
The Calculation Agent of the Exane Indices will use the calculation formulas as mentioned in Appendix 1 
“Calculation Method of the Exane Indices” of the General Methodology using the following criteria: 
 
 
Index Fees “F” are equal to 0.20% 
 
B is equal to 252. 
 
n(t) is the number of Calculation Dates between the Creation Date of the Exane Indices and Calculation 
Date t. 
 
Clause 4.1.2 cont. “Weighting of the Index Components at each Rebalancing Date” will apply. 
 
Clause 4.2 a) “Mechanism specific to reinvestment of income and profits of an Index Component” will 
apply to the Exane NTR Index.  
 
 
On any Calculation Date 𝑡, the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the 
Exane GBP-H Index are calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 425 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
425 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐸𝐼𝑡
𝐸𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝑈𝐼𝑡
𝑈𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐶𝐼𝑡
𝐶𝐼𝑑
)] 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐺𝐵𝑃−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐺𝐵𝑃−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐺𝐼𝑡
𝐺𝐼𝑑
)] 
 
With: 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane EUR-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane USD-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane CHF-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Exane NTR Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane NTR Index on the last Rebalancing 
Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on Calculation 
Date 𝑡, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR (expressed 
as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Calculation Date 𝑡 as defined in 
the General Methodology, 
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR (expressed 
as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Rebalancing Date 𝑑 as defined in 
the General Methodology, 
𝐸𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the EUR Monetary Index on Calculation Date 
𝑡, 
𝐸𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the EUR Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝑈𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on Calculation Date 
𝑡, 
𝑈𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝐶𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐶𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
 
𝐺𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the GBP Monetary Index on Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐺𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the GBP Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑.

--- Page 426 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
426 
 
 
5. 
Publication 
 
Any information regarding the Exane Indices is available on the website www.exane.com. 
The latest valuations of Exane Indices, including performance and 1-year volatility, are available on Bloomberg Page 
<ALLX EXDM>.

--- Page 427 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
427 
 
 
Disclaimer: Conflicts of Interest 
 
The calculation and publication of the values of the Exane Proprietary Index by Exane Derivatives requires the 
calculation of Index values based on predetermined rules set out in the Index calculation methodology by Exane 
Derivatives, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exane SA.  
This step may give rise to conflicts of interest. The principal negative impact of such conflicts of interest would 
challenge the independence of the Index calculation process.  
The impartiality and independence of the Exane Proprietary Index calculation process is guaranteed by the procedure 
for managing conflicts of interest at Exane. 
The 
conflicts 
of 
interest 
management 
policy 
can 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
address:  
https://www.exane.com/pdf/corporate/mifidConflitFR.pdf 
 
Disclosure 
 
This index does not specifically pursue alignment with the target of reducing carbon emissions or with the long-
term global warming target of the Paris Climate Agreement.

--- Page 428 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
428 
 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES 
 
“Exane Explorer Inflation NTR” 
“Exane Explorer Inflation EUR-H” 
“Exane Explorer Inflation USD-H” 
“Exane Explorer Inflation CHF-H” 
“Exane Explorer Inflation GBP-H” 
 
 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
This document, published by Exane Derivatives, constitutes the specific methodology for the Exane Explorer Inflation 
NTR, the Exane Explorer Inflation EUR-H, the Exane Explorer Inflation USD-H and the Exane Explorer Inflation 
CHF-H Indices, the Exane Explorer Inflation GBP-H (the “Specific Methodology”). Together with the General 
Methodology (available within the Base Prospectus at www.exane.com/exaneIssues), the Specific Methodology defines 
the formulae and the procedures for their construction and calculation. 
 
The Exane Explorer Inflation NTR, Exane Explorer Inflation EUR-H, Exane Explorer Inflation USD-H, Exane 
Explorer Inflation CHF-H and Exane Explorer Inflation GBP-H Indices are Proprietary Indices as stated in the 
applicable Base Prospectus (available at https://www.exane.com/exaneIssues) and shall hereafter be referred to 
respectively as the “Exane NTR Index”, the “Exane EUR-H Index”, the “Exane USD-H Index”, the “Exane CHF-H 
Index” and “Exane GBP-H Index” or collectively as the “Exane Indices”. 
 
Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the General Methodology. 
 
 
2. 
General Index Terms 
 
Bloomberg Code 
EXDMINFR for the Exane NTR Index 
EXDMINFL for the Exane EUR-H Index 
EXDMINFU for the Exane USD-H Index 
EXDMINFC for the Exane CHF-H Index 
EXDMINFG for the Exane GBP-H Index 
 
 
 
  
Calculation Agent 
Exane Derivatives 
Creation Date 
15/06/2021 
Base Currency 
Euro (EUR) for the Exane NTR Index 
Euro (EUR) for the Exane EUR-H Index 
US Dollar (USD) for the Exane USD-H Index 
Swiss Franc (CHF) for the Exane CHF-H Index 
British Pound (GBP) for the Exane GBP-H Index 
Exane NTR Index 
Exane Explorer Inflation NTR 
Exane EUR-H Index 
Exane Explorer Inflation EUR-H 
Exane USD-H Index 
Exane Explorer Inflation USD-H 
Exane CHF-H Index 
Exane Explorer Inflation CHF-H 
Exane GBP-H Index 
Exane Explorer Inflation GBP-H 
Index Family 
Equity 
Index Components 
Equity Instruments, Index 
Index Components for the Exane 
EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H 
Index, the Exane CHF-H Index 
and the Exane GBP-H Index 
The Exane NTR Index  
The Foreign Monetary Indices 
The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF Monetary 
Index and the GBP Monetary Index.  
Foreign Monetary Indices 
The following non exhaustive list of monetary indices:

--- Page 429 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
429 
 
- 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3CHF) 
- 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3DKK) 
- 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3GBP) 
- 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HKD) 
- 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3HUF) 
- 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3JPY) 
- 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3NOK) 
- 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3PLN) 
- 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3SEK) 
- 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: 
EXDM3USD) 
EUR Monetary Index 
Exane EUR 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3EUR) 
USD Monetary Index 
Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3USD) 
CHF Monetary Index 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3CHF) 
GBP Monetary Index 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary Index (Bloomberg code: EXDM3GBP) 
Index Fees 
0.20% p.a. 
Index Format 
Net Total Return for the Exane NTR Index 
Net Total Return for the Exane EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H Index, the 
Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-H Index 
Rebalancing frequency 
Ad-hoc for the Exane NTR Index, each time there is a rebalancing on the Exane 
NTR Index for the Exane EUR-H Index, the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane 
CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-H Index 
Number of Rebalancing Days 
1 Calculation Date 
Administrator/Sponsor 
Exane Derivatives 
Advisor 
the Index Committee 
 
 
3. 
Objective of the Exane Indices 
 
The Exane Indices are based on a bottom-up selection of international stocks determined by the Index Committee. The 
selected equities are expected to be driven by the global reflation for the next years, according to investment themes 
identified by the Exane Research and sales recommendation. This selection will also notably be based on Exane BNP-
Paribas’s stock analyst recommendations. 
 
The objective of the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-
H Index is to be exposed to the performance of the Exane NTR Index with a dynamic hedge against the variations of the 
Exane NTR Index components due to variations of foreign currencies against the Base Currency. The foreign exchange 
hedging is implemented with a borrowing position on the foreign currencies and a lending position on the Base 
Currency. This position is renewed each time there is a rebalancing on the Underlying Index. 
 
4. 
Construction and Calculation Rules of the Exane Indices 
 
4.1. 
Composition of the Exane Indices 
 
 It is built as follows: 
 
- The Investment Universe is made of listed stocks

--- Page 430 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
430 
 
- The components will invest as closely as possible the different thematic of the Exane Explorer Inflation universe as 
defined by the Exane Research. 
- Each component having an Exane BNP-Paribas recommendation has to be at least rated as “outperform” or “neutral” 
- Equal weighting of components at each reshuffle 
The turnover of the selection will notably depend on the intrinsic turnover of the Exane Explorer Inflation universe and 
the recommendation’s change at Exane BNPP-Paribas. 
The Index Components are selected by the Index Committee based on the process described above and in accordance 
with the Technical Eligibility Criteria as described in paragraph 3 of the General Methodology.  
 
The Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane GBP-H Index are 
composed of the following Index Components: 
- The Exane NTR Index, 
- The EUR Monetary Index, resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF Monetary Index and the GBP Monetary 
Index. 
- The following non exhaustive list of Foreign Monetary Indices depending on which currencies of the 
Underlying Index Components have to be hedged on the Rebalancing Date: 
 
 
i 
Foreign Monetary Index i 
Foreign currency i 
Bloomberg Code 
1 
Exane CHF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Swiss Franc (CHF) 
EXDM3CHF 
2 
Exane DKK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Danish Krone (DKK) 
EXDM3DKK 
3 
Exane GBP 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Sterling Pound (GBP) 
EXDM3GBP 
4 
Exane HKD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) 
EXDM3HKD 
5 
Exane HUF 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Hungarian Forint (HUF) 
EXDM3HUF 
6 
Exane JPY 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Japanese Yen (JPY) 
EXDM3JPY 
7 
Exane NOK 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
Norwegian Krone (NOK) 
EXDM3NOK 
8 
Exane PLN 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Polish Zloty (PLN) 
EXDM3PLN 
9 
Exane SEK 3M Capitalized Monetary Index Swedish Krona (SEK) 
EXDM3SEK 
10 Exane USD 3M Capitalized Monetary 
Index 
U.S. Dollar (USD) 
EXDM3USD 
 
 
4.2. 
Calculation Method of the Exane Indices 
 
4.2.1. Reinvestment mechanism of income and profits of an Index Component 
 
 
The Exane NTR Index is calculated with income and profits reinvested (after potential withholding tax) in 
the Exane NTR Index converted into the Base Currency and paid either in shares or in cash (Net Total 
Return). 
 
In the case of any Portfolio Component expected to pay a dividend from sources within the United States 
and thus subject to the U.S 871(m) withholding regime, the reinvestment of income and profits will be 
equal to 55% taking into account inter alia the applicable U.S withholding tax. 
 
4.2.2. Weighting of the Index Components on each Rebalancing Date 
 
The Index Components are equally-weighted on each Rebalancing Date for the Exane NTR Index.

--- Page 431 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
431 
 
For the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the Exane 
GBP-H Index on any Rebalancing Date 𝑑, the weights of the Index Components are determined in 
accordance with the following rules: 
- 
The weight of the Exane NTR Index is equal to 100%, 
- 
The weight of each Foreign Monetary Index 𝑖, 𝑤𝑖(𝑑), is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
𝑤𝑖(𝑑) =
{
 
 
 
 −∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑)
𝑆𝑖
1
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) ≥1%
𝑆𝑖
1
0
𝑖𝑓∑𝑧𝑗(𝑑) < 1%
𝑆𝑖
1
 
 
- 
The weight of the EUR Monetary Index ((𝒘𝑬𝑰(𝒅)), resp. the USD Monetary Index, the CHF 
Monetary Index and the GBP Monetary Index are calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) = −∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑)
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
 
With: 
𝑆𝑖 
is the total number of Components of the Exane NTR Index denominated 
in foreign currency 𝑖, 
𝑧𝑗(𝑑)  
is the weight of the jth share of the Exane NTR Index denominated in 
foreign currency 𝑖 on Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝑛𝐹𝐶  
is the number of foreign currencies of the Exane NTR Index components 
to be hedged in the Exane Index on Rebalancing 𝑑. 
  
 
4.2.3. Foreign exchange risk 
 
The foreign exchange risk, if any, is not hedged in the Exane NTR Index. The prices of the Index 
Components are expressed in the Base Currency and can be converted as stipulated in Appendix 1 of the 
General Methodology “Calculation Method of the Exane Indices”. 
 
4.3. 
Calculation Formulas 
 
The Calculation Agent of the Exane Indices will use the calculation formulas as mentioned in Appendix 1 
“Calculation Method of the Exane Indices” of the General Methodology using the following criteria: 
 
 
Index Fees “F” are equal to 0.20% 
 
B is equal to 252. 
 
n(t) is the number of Calculation Dates between the Creation Date of the Exane Indices and Calculation 
Date t. 
 
Clause 4.1.2 cont. “Weighting of the Index Components at each Rebalancing Date” will apply. 
 
Clause 4.2 a) “Mechanism specific to reinvestment of income and profits of an Index Component” will 
apply to the Exane NTR Index.  
 
 
On any Calculation Date 𝑡, the Exane EUR-H Index, resp. the Exane USD-H Index, the Exane CHF-H Index and the 
Exane GBP-H Index are calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 432 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
432 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐸𝐼𝑡
𝐸𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝑈𝐼𝑡
𝑈𝐼𝑑
)] 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐶𝐼𝑡
𝐶𝐼𝑑
)] 
 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒𝐺𝐵𝑃−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
= 𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐺𝐵𝑃−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑× 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑
+ ∑𝑤𝑖(𝑑) ×
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖
𝑛𝐹𝐶
𝑖=1
×
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖+ 𝑤𝐸𝐼(𝑑) ×
𝐺𝐼𝑡
𝐺𝐼𝑑
)] 
 
With: 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐸𝑈𝑅
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane EUR-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝑈𝑆𝐷
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane USD-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐶𝐻𝐹
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane CHF-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐸𝑥𝑎𝑛𝑒 𝐺𝐵𝑃 
−𝐻 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane GBP-H Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date d, 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the Exane NTR Index on Calculation 
Date 𝑡, 
𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the Exane NTR Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑡
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on 
Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐹𝑀𝐼𝑑
𝑖 
is the official closing level of the Foreign Monetary Index i on the 
last Rebalancing Date 𝑑, 
𝐹𝑋𝑡
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR 
(expressed as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Calculation 
Date 𝑡 as defined in the General Methodology, 
𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖 
the Foreign Exchange Rate for the currency pair Currency i/EUR 
(expressed as the amount of Euros per 1 Currency i) on Rebalancing 
Date 𝑑 as defined in the General Methodology, 
𝐸𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the EUR Monetary Index on 
Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐸𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the EUR Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
𝑈𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on 
Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝑈𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the USD Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
𝐶𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on 
Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐶𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the CHF Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑. 
𝐺𝐼𝑡 
is the official closing level of the GBP Monetary Index on 
Calculation Date 𝑡, 
𝐺𝐼𝑑 
is the official closing level of the GBP Monetary Index on the last 
Rebalancing Date 𝑑.

--- Page 433 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
433 
 
 
5. 
Publication 
 
Any information regarding the Exane Indices is available on the website www.exane.com. 
The latest valuations of Exane Indices, including performance and 1-year volatility, are available on Bloomberg Page 
<ALLX EXDM>.

--- Page 434 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
434 
 
 
Disclaimer: Conflicts of Interest 
 
The calculation and publication of the values of the Exane Proprietary Index by Exane Derivatives requires the 
calculation of Index values based on predetermined rules set out in the Index calculation methodology by Exane 
Derivatives, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exane SA.  
This step may give rise to conflicts of interest. The principal negative impact of such conflicts of interest would 
challenge the independence of the Index calculation process.  
The impartiality and independence of the Exane Proprietary Index calculation process is guaranteed by the procedure 
for managing conflicts of interest at Exane. 
The 
conflicts 
of 
interest 
management 
policy 
can 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
address:  
https://www.exane.com/pdf/corporate/mifidConflitFR.pdf 
 
Disclosure 
 
This index does not specifically pursue alignment with the target of reducing carbon emissions or with the long-
term global warming target of the Paris Climate Agreement.

--- Page 435 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
435 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER: EXANE FINANCE 
 
Corporate name, registered office and date of formation 
The corporate name of the Issuer is Exane Finance (the Company or Exane Finance, for the purposes of this 
section). 
The Company is a French law corporation (société anonyme), having its registered offices at 6, rue Ménars –75002 
Paris – France, and identified under number 339 563 215 RCS Paris.  
Its legal entity identifier (LEI) is 969500E9E37PGZEHBP23 
Its telephone number is + 33 (0)1 44 95 40 00. 
The Company was incorporated on 10 October 1991 for a term that expires on 10 October 2090. 
Corporate purpose 
As of the day of the publication of this description, pursuant to article 2 of its articles of association, “within the limits 
laid down by the legislation and regulations applicable to financial companies, and subject to the provisions of the 
last paragraph of this Article, the Company’s main business is: 
- 
providing, both in France and in other countries, investment services, including own account dealing, services 
relating to investment services within the meaning of applicable regulation, as well as all financial activities not 
prohibited by applicable regulation;  
- 
participating, directly or indirectly, in France and in other countries, to all operations relating, in any way 
whatsoever, to the corporate purpose, including by incorporating new companies, contributions, subscriptions, 
issuances and purchases of securities or corporate rights or other rights (of any kind whatsoever), mergers, 
partnerships or by any other means whatsoever;  
- 
generally, participating, in France and in other countries, to all commercial, financial and industrial 
operations and transactions, whether in movable property or real estate, relating, in any way whatsoever, to the 
Company’s objects. 
The Company carries out those activities that, under current regulations, require authorisation in accordance with 
the stipulations of the authorisation granted to it or of any authorisation that may be granted to it in the future.” 
Exane Finance currently operates as an investment firm and is supervised by Autorité des marchés financiers 
(“AMF”) and Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (“ACPR”). 
Preparation of the annual accounts 
Each financial year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December. 
Statutory distribution of profits 
From the profits of each year, less, if applicable, prior losses, are firstly withdrawn the amounts to be reserved. 
5% is therefore withdrawn to constitute a legal reserve fund. This withdrawal is no longer compulsory when said 
fund is equal to a tenth of the capital stock. It is compulsory when, for any reason whatsoever, the reserve falls below 
this fraction. 
The profits that may be distributed are composed of the yearly profits less prior losses and amounts reserved by law, 
plus positive carry-over. 
On the recommendation of the Board of Directors, the general meeting may deduct from these profits, amounts it 
considers appropriate to affect to an endowment to any reserve fund or to accumulate profits. 
The balance, if any, is distributed between all shares, in proportion to their paid-up and unredeemed amount. 
Approval of annual accounts

--- Page 436 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
436 
 
The shareholders' Ordinary General Meeting shall approve the annual accounts. 
Share capital 
The share capital of the Company is 5,119,904 Euros, composed of 319,994 fully paid-up ordinary shares each with a 
nominal value of 16 Euros. 
The shares must be in registered form. 
Unless otherwise provided by law, any transfer of shares to a third party, for any reason whatsoever, is subject to the 
approval of the board of directors, and under the conditions provided for by applicable legislative and regulatory 
provisions, and regulatory authorities. 
The procedure for obtaining these approvals and the consequences of a refusal are those provided for by the 
legislation in force. 
Distribution of capital 
As of 31 December 2020, the shares of the Company are held as follows: 
− 
319,993 shares held by Exane SA 
− 
1 share held by Nicolas Chanut 
 
The other companies held, directly or indirectly, by Exane SA are: 
− 
Exane Derivatives SNC 
− 
Exane Asset Management SAS 
− 
Exane Inc. 
− 
Ellipsis Asset Management SA  
− 
Ellipsis AM Suisse Sarl (100% owned company by Ellipsis Asset Management SA) 
− 
Exane Derivatives Gérance SA 
− 
Exane Participations SNC: a French commercial partnership managed by Exane Derivatives Gérance SA 
(having no operational activity) 
− 
Ixios Asset Management SA (99.99% owned company by Exane Derivatives SNC) 
− 
Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA 
 
Exane Finance has no subsidiary. 
 
Exane Finance is a 99.9% owned subsidiary of Exane SA and is a fully consolidated company. 
 
Prior to 13 July 2021, BNP Paribas SA was holding 50% of the share capital and 40% of the voting rights of Verner 
Investissements SAS, the holding company of Exane SA. Verner Investissements SAS is a financial holding company 
(compagnie financière) approved by ACPR. On 27 of April 2021, the partners of Verner Investissements SAS entered 
into a share purchase agreement (the “SPA”) with BNP Paribas SA concerning the sale by Verner Investissements 
SAS partners’ of 50% of the share capital of Verner Investissements SAS (the “Verner Transaction”). Following 
completion of the Verner Transaction on 13 July 2021, BNP Paribas now holds 100% of the share capital and of the 
voting rights of Verner Investissements SAS. 
Exane Finance is part of the Group: a simplified corporate structure chart appears below. 
Group means Exane SA and any direct or indirect subsidiary (as defined in article L. 233-1 of the French 
commercial code) of Exane SA.

--- Page 437 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
437 
 
EXANE INC 
(New-York) 
Broker-Dealer 
-Equites and 
Derivatives 
(Brokerage, 
research) 
 
EXANE GROUP ORGANIZATION CHART 
JULY 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS (France) 
 
EXANE SA (France) 
 
Branches: London, Geneva, Milan, Frankfurt, Madrid, 
Stockholm 
  
Investments Firm 
                 -Equity 
(cash equities, financial research, & analysis) 
ELLIPSIS AM SUISSE 
SARL (Geneva) 
Share funds distribution 
IXIOS ASSET 
MANAGEMENT SA 
(France) 
Asset management 
99,99% 
VERNER INVESTISSEMENTS SAS (France) 
 
 Investments Holding Company 
EXANE FINANCE 
SA 
(France) 
Investment Firm 
Structured 
Products Issuer 
EXANE SOLUTIONS 
(LUXEMBOURG) SA 
(Luxembourg) 
 
Structured 
Products Issuer 
 
EXANE  
DERIVATIVES  
GERANCE 
SA  
(France) 
 
 
EXANE  
PARTICIPATIONS  
SNC 
(France) 
 
 
EXANE DERIVATIVES SNC 
(France) 
Branches: London, Geneva, Milan 
 
Investment Firm  
-Derivatives products 
ELLIPSIS ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
SA (France) 
 
Asset 
management 
 
EXANE ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
SAS (France) 
 
Asset 
management 
 
PARTNERS EAM  
20% 
99,99% 
99,99% 
99,99% 
99,99% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
80% 
100% 
99,99% 
*Exane Group’s key managers and experts 
100%

--- Page 438 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
438 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the Ministerial Order of 3 November 2014 relating to the internal control 
applicable to ACPR authorised banking, payment and investment services firms, the internal control system of the 
Group is twofold: permanent control and periodic control. Exane Finance has delegated to its parent Company Exane 
SA the provision of permanent and periodic control services; in addition, it has delegated to Exane Derivatives the 
provision of compliance control services.  
Principal activities and the financial instruments of the Company 
The principal business of the Company is the issuance of debt-related securities (including certificates, bonds and 
credit linked notes) and warrants. Exane Derivatives acts as Dealer of these issues, which then places these securities 
with clients. 
The operations relating to these issuing activities are totally symmetrical between the issued product and the over the 
counter hedging transactions between Exane Derivatives and the Company. The hedging transactions with Exane 
Derivatives are determined at the same price as the instruments issued and subscribed. In view of this, the risks borne 
by the Company are managed, for internal control purposes, through the activities of Exane Derivatives. 
Certain debt securities (bonds, certificates and credit linked notes) and warrants issued by the Company and guaranteed 
by Exane Derivatives are admitted to trading on the regulated market on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or 
Euronext Paris. The volumes traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or Euronext Paris are not significant. 
No significant new business line is foreseen by the Company. 
Authorisation of the Company 
The Company is currently authorised as an investment firm by the Resolution and Prudential Control Authority 
(Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution – ACPR) and is authorised to provide the following investment 
service: dealing on own account as defined by article L. 321-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
In exercising its business, the Company is subject to the control of the ACPR and of the Autorité des Marchés 
Financiers. 
Exane Finance currently operates as an investment firm. 
The ACPR control concerns accounting and prudential reporting based on the French applicable regulations. More 
specifically, in terms of prudential reporting, ratios are calculated solely on a consolidated basis. The Company 
does therefore not establish reporting on individual basis. 
Employees 
The Company has no employees. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
The Board of Directors of Exane Finance reviews, inter alia, the financial statements and the implementation of 
internal control procedures. 
The Company does not have any audit committee. 
The Company complies with its country’s of incorporation corporate governance regime. 
Board of Directors 
The members of the Board of Directors are: 
• 
Dominique Aubernon, Chairman 
• 
Exane SA, Member of the Board of Directors represented by Benoît Catherine 
• 
Stéphanie Bianco, Member of the board of Directors.

--- Page 439 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
439 
 
For the purpose of this Base Prospectus, the business address of the members of Board of Directors is 6, rue Ménars –
75002 Paris – France. 
No member of the Board carries out significant activities outside the Group. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies, conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties, to the Company, of any person of the Board of 
Directors specified above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors 
Subject to the restrictions set forth in the articles of association, and by law, the Board of Directors sets the strategic 
guidelines for the conduct of the Company's business and oversees their implementation. 
Management committee 
Emmanuelle Bobin was appointed as Deputy CEO by the Board of Directors on 12 February 2018 and renewed by 
the Board of Directors on 26 April 2019, until 31 July 2019. Then Emmanuelle Bobin was appointed as Chief 
Executive Officer by the Board of Directors effective 1 August 2019 and renewed by the Board of Directors on 30 
April 2021. The Chief Executive Officeris responsible for the management of the Company. 
Vincent Jarcsek was appointed as Deputy CEO by the Board of Directors effective as from 1 August 2019 and renewed 
by the Board of Directors on 30 April 2021. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Company are as follows:  
• 
Deloitte et Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris La Défense  
France 
Appointment: during the Ordinary General Meeting of 27 April 2017 (renewal of the appointment) until the 
General Meeting responsible in 2023 for approving the accounts for the year ending 31 December 2022. 
Member of the French Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles.  
• 
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
Appointment: during the Ordinary General Meeting of 27 April 2017 until the General Meeting responsible in 2023 
for approving the accounts for the year ending 31 December 2022.  
Member of the French Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles. 
Selected financial information 
In K€ 
31 December 
2019 
(audited) 
31 December 
2020 
(audited) 
Net Banking 
Income 
1,688 
1,278 
Operating profit 
1,413 
1,127

--- Page 440 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
440 
 
Net profit 
976 
774 
Total Assets 
4,184,726 
3,788,480 
Total 
Shareholders’ Equity 
6,799 
 
6,645 
 
Investments 
No specific investment has been undertaken since the date of the most recently published accounts or has been the 
subject of firm commitments for a future undertaking.

--- Page 441 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
441 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR: EXANE DERIVATIVES 
 
Corporate Name, registered office and date of incorporation 
The corporate name of the Guarantor is Exane Derivatives (the Company or Exane Derivatives for the purposes of 
this section) 
The Company is a French law commercial partnership (société en nom collectif), having its registered office at 6, rue 
Ménars –75002 Paris – France, and identified under number 491 294 567 RCS Paris. 
Its legal entity identifier is 2FL5XIC1B8Q6HNGN6A35. 
Its telephone number is + 33 (0)1 44 95 40 00. 
The Company was set up as a société anonyme. It was converted into a société en nom collectif by a unanimous 
decision of the shareholders' extraordinary general meeting dated 2 March 2007. 
The Company was incorporated on 1 August 2006 for a term that expires on 31 July 2105.  
Rating: 
− 18 December 2018: the Company’s long term credit rating is for: Moody's Baa2 with a stable outlook.  
On 19 December 2017, Moody’s has affirmed the Baa2 backed long term issuer rating of the Company. 
− 28 February 2019: the Company’s long term credit rating is for: Standard & Poor's BBB+ (BBB which 
means, as per the definition appearing on the website of Standard & Poor's, “adequate capacity to meet 
financial commitments, but more subject to adverse economic conditions – note: ratings from “AA” to 
“CCC” may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the 
major rating categories”) with a stable outlook and the Company’s short term credit rating is for Standard & 
Poor's: A-2 with a stable outlook. 
− 
18 July 2021 : Following the announcement of the Verner Transaction (as defined below) on 27 April 2021, 
Moody’s updated its outlook of the Company’s rating to positive outlook. Following the closing of the Verner 
Transaction (as defined below), Standard & Poor’s upgraded the Company’s long term credit rating to A+ (A 
which means, as per the definition appearing on the website of Standard & Poor’s, "Strong capacity to meet 
financial commitments, but somewhat susceptible to adverse economic conditions and changes in 
circumstances – Note: ratings from “AA” to “CCC” may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) 
sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories") with a stable outlook and the Company’s 
short term credit rating is for to A-1 with a stable outlook. 
 
Moody's and Standard & Poor's are established in the European Union and are registered under the CRA 
Regulation, as it appears from the list published by the European Securities and Markets Authority dated 
31October 2011. 
Corporate purpose 
Pursuant to article 2 of its articles of association, "within the limits laid down by the legislation and regulations 
applicable to financial companies, and subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of this article, the Company’s 
main business is: 
- 
providing, both in France and in other countries, investment services and services relating to investment 
services within the meaning of the applicable regulations, as well as any other financial activities that are not 
forbidden by applicable regulations; 
- 
participating, directly or indirectly, in France and in other countries, in all transactions relating, in any way 
whatsoever, to the Company’s objects, including by incorporating new companies, contributions, 
subscriptions and purchases of debt instruments, securities and/or corporate rights or any nature), mergers, 
partnerships or by any other means whatsoever.

--- Page 442 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
442 
 
- 
Generally, participating, in France and in other countries, to all commercial, financial and industrial 
transactions, and in transactions involving movable and immovable property, relating, in any way whatsoever, 
to the Company’s objects. 
The Company carries out those activities that, under current regulations, require authorisation in accordance with 
the stipulations of the authorisation granted to it or of any authorisation that may be granted to it in the future.” 
Preparation of the annual accounts 
Each financial year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December. 
 
Statutory distribution of profits 
The profit and loss account shall show the annual profit or loss in accordance with the statutory provisions in force 
at the time. 
Distributable profit shall be determined in accordance with the statutory provisions in force, inter alia, after 
deduction of all mandatory charges, levies and provisions pursuant to the statutory provisions in force. 
This profit shall be at the disposal of the partners which, in accordance with the statutory provisions in force, may 
decide to carry it forward, allocate it to any general or special reserve, use it to distribute dividends and/or use it for 
any other purpose not prohibited by the statutory provisions in force. 
The partners may further decide, in accordance with the statutory provisions in force, to distribute any other 
available amounts pursuant to the said provisions; in such event, the decision taken shall expressly indicate the 
accounts from which the amounts are to be taken. 
The sums made available for distribution shall be divided among the partners in proportion to the amount of share 
capital held by each partner. 
Losses, if any, shall be governed by the provisions of these articles of association that do not breach the mandatory 
statutory provisions applicable to the Company and, if the articles of association are silent in this respect, by the 
statutory provisions applicable to the Company. 
The management may decide to distribute interim dividends before approval of the annual financial statements in 
accordance with the statutory provisions in force at the time. 
Approval of the annual accounts 
The partners' Ordinary General Assembly shall approve the annual accounts. 
Share capital 
The share capital is of 137,248,320 Euros, composed of 13,724,832 fully paid-up shares and each with a nominal 
value of 10 Euros. 
All shares must be registered shares. 
Unless otherwise stipulated by law, any transfer of shares to a third party, for any reason whatsoever, is subject to the 
approval of all the partners. 
Distribution of capital 
When the Company was incorporated as a société anonyme, the share capital was of 37,000 Euros, composed of 3,700 
fully paid-up shares and each with a nominal value of 10 Euros, one of which being held by Exane Finance SA 
and the remaining 3,699 shares being held by Exane SA.

--- Page 443 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
443 
 
On 2 March 2007, further to the conversion of the Company into a société en nom collectif, the share capital was 
increased to 15,037,000 Euros, divided up as follows: 
− 
1 share held by Exane Finance SA, 
− 
1,503,699 shares held by Exane SA. 
On 30 April 2008, further to the contribution of the shares of Exane Options SA, which became a wholly-
ownedsubsidiary of the Company, the share capital was increased to 17,248,320 Euros, divided up as follows: 
− 
1 share held by Exane Finance SA, 
− 
1,724,831 shares held by Exane SA. 
On 18 November 2015, further to the transfer of the shares of Exane Options SA to Exane Derivatives, it was decided to 
merger Exane Options SA into Exane Derivatives, which became effective on 22 December 2015. 
On 26 April 2019, further to the cash contribution of 30,000,000 Euros made by Exane SA, the share capital was 
increased to 47,248,320 Euros, divided up as follows: 
− 
1 share held by Exane Finance SA, 
− 
4,724,831 shares held by Exane SA. 
 
On 14 October 2019, further to the cash contribution of 20,000,000 Euros made by Exane SA, the share capital was 
increased to 67,248,320 Euros, divided up as follows: 
 
− 
1 share held by Exane Finance SA, 
− 
6,724,831 shares held by Exane SA. 
 
On 19 May 2020, further to the cash contribution of 40,000,000 Euros made by Exane SA, the share capital was increased 
to107,248,320 Euros, divided up as follows: 
 
− 
1 share held by Exane Finance SA, 
− 
10,724,831 shares held by Exane SA. 
 
On 26 November 2020, further to the cash contribution of 30,000,000 Euros made by Exane SA, the share capital was 
increased to 137,248,320 Euros, divided up as follows:  
− 
1 share held by Exane Finance SA,  
− 
13,724,831 shares held by Exane SA.  
 
On 17 February 2021, following the acquisition of Exane Finance's share in the Company by Exane SA, the share capital 
divided up as follows:  
− 
13,724,832 shares held by Exane SA.  
The other companies held, directly or indirectly, by Exane SA are: 
− 
Exane Finance SA 
− 
Exane Asset Management SAS 
− 
Exane Inc 
− 
Ellipsis Asset Management SA  
− 
Ellipsis AM Suisse Sarl (100% owned company by Ellipsis Asset Management SA) 
− 
Exane Derivatives Gérance SA 
− 
Exane Participations SNC: a French commercial partnership managed by Exane Derivatives Gérance SA 
(having no operational activity). 
− 
Ixios Asset Management SA (99.99% owned company by Exane Derivatives SNC) 
− 
Exane Solutions (Luxembourg) SA

--- Page 444 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
444 
 
EXANE INC 
(New-York) 
Broker-Dealer 
-Equites and 
Derivatives 
(Brokerage, 
research) 
 
The Company has one subsidiary, each 99.9% owned: Ixios Asset Management SA.  
The Company is a 100% owned subsidiary of Exane SA and is a fully consolidated company. 
Prior to 13 July 2021, BNP Paribas SA was holding 50% of the share capital and 40% of the voting rights of Verner 
Investissements SAS, the holding company of Exane SA. Verner Investissements SAS is a financial holding company 
(compagnie financière) approved by ACPR. On 27 of April 2021, the partners of Verner Investissements SAS entered into 
a share purchase agreement (the “SPA”) with BNP Paribas SA concerning the sale by Verner Investissements SAS 
partners’ of 50% of the share capital of Verner Investissements SAS (the “Verner Transaction”). Following completion of 
the Verner Transaction on 13 July 2021, BNP Paribas now holds 100% of the share capital and of the voting rights of 
Verner Investissements SAS. 
The Company forms part of the Group: a simplified Group structure chart appears below. 
Group means Exane SA and any direct or indirect subsidiary (as defined in article L. 233-1 
of the French commercial code) of Exane SA. 
EXANE GROUP ORGANIZATION CHART 
JULY 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS (France) 
 
EXANE SA (France) 
 
Branches: London, Geneva, Milan, Frankfurt, Madrid, 
Stockholm 
  
Investments Firm 
                 -Equity 
(cash equities, financial research, & analysis) 
ELLIPSIS AM SUISSE 
SARL (Geneva) 
Share funds distribution 
IXIOS ASSET 
MANAGEMENT SA 
(France) 
Asset management 
99,99% 
VERNER INVESTISSEMENTS SAS (France) 
 
 Investments Holding Company 
EXANE FINANCE 
SA 
(France) 
Investment Firm 
Structured 
Products Issuer 
EXANE SOLUTIONS 
(LUXEMBOURG) SA 
(Luxembourg) 
 
Structured 
Products Issuer 
 
EXANE  
DERIVATIVES  
GERANCE 
SA  
(France) 
 
 
EXANE  
PARTICIPATIONS  
SNC 
(France) 
 
 
EXANE DERIVATIVES SNC 
(France) 
Branches: London, Geneva, Milan 
 
Investment Firm  
-Derivatives products 
ELLIPSIS ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
SA (France) 
 
Asset 
management 
 
EXANE ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
SAS (France) 
 
Asset 
management 
 
PARTNERS EAM  
20% 
99,99% 
99,99% 
99,99% 
99,99% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
80% 
100% 
99,99% 
*Exane Group’s key managers and experts 
100%

--- Page 445 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
445 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the Ministerial Order of 3 November 2014 relating to the internal control 
applicable to ACPR authorised banking, payment and investment services firms, the internal control system of the 
Group is twofold: permanent control and periodic control. Central control staff are involved in all the activities of 
the Group. 
Principal activities and the financial instruments market of the Company 
Exane Derivatives engages in the following main activities: 
 
- 
structuring, sale and intermediation services in connection with securities; 
- 
own account dealing; including throughmarket making in financial instruments, within the meaning of article 
L.511-47 V 1° and 2° of the French Monetary and Financial Code; and 
-  
investment research, mainly provided in relation the structured business of the Company. 
The Company distributes, among others, debt securities (bonds, certificates and credit linked notes), fund shares 
and warrants in France and abroad. 
In particular, the Company directly or indirectly places with investors debt securities (bonds and, certificates and credit 
linked notes) and warrants issued by Exane Finance, which are underwritten by the Company. 
The Company has also issued a declaration concerning the freedom of services throughout the territories in the 
following countries: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, 
Gibraltar, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Norway, the 
Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom. 
Structure of the Company 
The Company is authorized by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution – ACPR (Resolution and Prudential 
Control Authority), to operate as an investment firm. The Company is authorised to provide the following investment 
services within the meaning of article L. 321-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code: receipt and transmission of 
orders on behalf of third parties, execution of orders on behalf of third parties, own account dealing, providing 
investment advice, underwriting and non-guaranteed placement. The Company may also provide certain services 
considered as ancillary investment services such as, as per L. 321-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
investment research and financial analysis or any other form of general recommendation on transactions in financial 
instruments, services in relation to underwriting and services and activities similar to investment services or related 
services with respect to the underlying asset of forward financial instruments included on a list established by decree if 
they are related to the provision of investment services or related services. 
In performing its business, Exane Derivatives is subject to the supervision of the ACPR and of the Autorités des 
Marchés Financiers (the French financial markets authority) without prejudice to jurisdiction of authorities supervising 
locally foreign branches of the Company. 
The ACPR supervision concerns accounting and prudential reporting based on the applicable French regulations. More 
specifically, in terms of prudential reporting, ratios are calculated solely on a consolidated basis. The Company 
therefore does not establish prudential reports on an individual basis. 
The Company also distributes to its customers the debt instruments (bonds, certificates and warrants) issued by 
Exane Finance, Exane Solutions (a Luxemburg-based Exane Group issuing vehicle) or non-Exane Group issuers, and 
underwritten by the Company or by any other Dealer appointed in the relevant Final Terms and manages the 
positions. 
The Company carries out brokering activities on listed derivatives products on behalf of institutional customers and 
carries out hedging proprietary transactions of listed securities and derivatives. 
Furthermore, the Company has the following offices abroad: 
• 
Geneva: a branch of Exane Derivatives carrying out an equity derivatives business (FINMA regulated);

--- Page 446 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
446 
 
• 
Milan: a branch of Exane Derivatives authorized to provide own account dealing, execution of orders on behalf 
of third parties and investment advice (CONSOB regulated); 
London: a branch of Exane Derivatives authorized to provide own account dealing (in the course of market 
making activities) execution on behalf of third parties and reception & transmission of orders regarding 
derivatives products and marketing, placing of securities without firm commitment, and investment advice of 
derivatives products fixed-income structured products and unit schemes. In addition the London Branch of 
Exane Derivatives has applied in 2019 to the Brexit temporary permission regime as per regulation 14(2) of the 
EEA Passport Rights (Amendment, etc., and Transitional Provisions) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (the ‘TPR 
Regulation).  
• 
The Company has also filed a freedom of services declaration to do business in the following countries: 
Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, 
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Norway, the Netherlands, 
Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom. 
History 
The Company was created to serve as the beneficiary of the contribution of the derivatives business of Exane SA, 
which occurred on 2 March 2007. 
Employees 
As of 31 December 2020, Exane Derivatives had a total of 125 employees (including expatriate and seconded 
employees), who break down as follows: 114 persons on permanent employment contracts, 6 persons on fixed-term 
contracts and 5 persons on apprenticeship contracts. 
Management 
Exane Derivatives Gérance (as defined below), acting as manager of the Company, reviews the financial 
statements and the implementation of internal control framework, procedures and the efficiency of controls l. 
The Company complies with its country of incorporation corporate governance regime. 
The Company is managed by one or more managers (the Management) who may but need not be partners. 
The Manager of the Company is Exane Derivatives Gérance, itself represented by Mrs Dominique Aubernon, Chief 
Executive Officer. Mr Benoît Catherine is also empowered to act on behalf of Exane Derivatives as Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer of Exane Derivatives Gérance. 
The address of Exane Derivatives Gérance is 6, rue Ménars –75002 Paris – France.  
The Management does not carry out significant activities outside the Group. 
Subject to the restrictions set forth in the articles of association, the Management shall be responsible for the 
administration of the Company. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between the Company and the Management concerning their private 
interests and/or other duties. 
The Company does not have an audit committee. 
 
Auditors 
The auditor of the Company is as follows:  
 
Deloitte et Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex

--- Page 447 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
447 
 
France 
 
Appointment: during the Ordinary General Meeting of 2 May 2018 (renewal of the appointment) for a six year term, 
until the General Meeting responsible in 2024 for approving the accounts for the financial year ended on 31 December 
2023. 
Member of the French Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles.  
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
Appointment: during the Ordinary General Meeting of 2 May 2018 (renewal of the appointment) for a six year term, 
until the General Meeting responsible in 2024 for approving the accounts for the financial year ended on 31 December 
2023. 
Member of the French Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles. 
Selected financial information 
In K€ 
31 December 2019 
(audited) 
31 December 2020 
(audited) 
Net Banking 
Income 
46,239 
8,226 
Operating profit 
(22,163)  
(59,945) 
Net profit 
(25,846)  
(60,016)  
Total Assets 
6,834,064 
5,979,425 
Total 
Shareholders’ Equity 
5,366  
15,350 
 
Investment 
No specific investment has been undertaken since the date of the most recently published accounts or has been the 
subject of firm commitments for a future undertaking. 
Exane Derivative has proceeded with a share capital increase of 30 million euros carried out on 26 November 2020, 
bringing up the amount of the shareholders equity to EUR 137,248,320.

--- Page 448 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
448 
 
TAXATION 
The following section provides information, on taxes on the income from the Securities withheld at source in respect of 
(i) the country of the registered office of the Issuer and (ii) the countries where offers of Securities to the public may be 
made or admission to trading may be bought. 
The following information provided below does not purport to be a complete overview of the tax laws. Potential 
purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of transactions 
involving Securities. 
For the purposes of this chapter relating to Taxation, “Securities” mean any securities issued by the Issuer, including 
the Bonds. 
FRENCH TAXATION 
The following is an overview of certain French tax consequences in relation to the holding of the Securities. It is based 
on the legislation as of the date of the Base Prospectus and may be subject to any changes in law or interpretation 
thereof (potentially with a retroactive effect). It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all French tax 
considerations that may be relevant for a decision to invest in the Securities. The tax treatment for each investor 
depends on the particular situation. Investors are advised to consult their professional tax advisers as to the respective 
French tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, exercise or settlement of the Securities in light of 
their particular circumstances. 
Withholding tax on Securities issued by the Issuer 
The withholding tax treatment will depend on the nature and characterisation of the Securities issued by the Issuer. 
Securities constituting debt instruments for French tax purposes 
The following may be relevant to holders of Securities constituting debt instruments for French tax purposes who do not 
concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
Securities which are not consolidated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with securities issued before 1 
March 2010 
Payments of interest and other revenues with respect to Securities issued by the Issuer which constitute debt instruments 
for French tax purposes (other than Securities which are consolidated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) and 
form a single series with securities issued prior to 1 March 2010 having the benefit of Article 131 quater of the French 
Code général des impôts) will not be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code 
général des impôts unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (État ou 
territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a 
Non-Cooperative State). If such payments under such Securities are made in a Non-Cooperative State, a 75% 
withholding tax will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions described below and the more favourable provisions of 
an applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other revenues with 
respect to such Securities are not deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are paid or accrued to persons 
domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a financial institution established in 
such a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest 
and other revenues may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 and seq. of the French 
Code général des impôts, in which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the 
withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts, at a rate of (i) 12.8% for 
payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents, (ii) the standard corporate incorme tax rate set forth 
in Article 219-I of the French Code Général des impôts for fiscal year beginning as from 1 January 2021 (ie 26,5% for 
the fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2021 or (iii) 75% for payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative

--- Page 449 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
449 
 
State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code general des impôts (subject to the 
more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75% withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code 
général des impôts nor the Deductibility Exclusion will apply in respect of an issue of Securities if the Issuer can prove 
that the principal purpose and effect of such issue of Securities was not that of allowing the payments of interest or 
other revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the Exception). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances 
Publiques-ImpôtsBOI-INT-DG-20-50-30-24/02/2021, no. 150, BOIRPPM-RCM-30-10-20-40-20/12/2019, BOI-IR-
DOMIC-10-20-20-60-20/12/2019, no. 10, an issue of Securities will benefit from the Exception without the Issuer 
having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Securities, if such Securities are: 
− 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L. 411-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-cooperative State. For this purpose, an 
"equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a 
foreign securities market authority; or 
− 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such market 
is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, or by such other similar foreign entity, 
provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not located in a Non-
Cooperative State; or 
− 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities clearing and 
delivery and payments systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is 
not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
 
Securities held by individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France 
Where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French 
général des impôts, subject to certain exceptions, interest and other revenues received by individuals who are fiscally 
domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8% withholding tax, which is deductible from their 
personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, 
CRDS and other related contributions) are also levied by way of withholding at a global rate of 17.2% on such interest 
and other revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France. 
Securities not constituting debt instruments for French tax purposes 
Subject to the immediately following paragraph, payments in respect of Securities issued by the Issuer which do not 
constitute debt instruments for French tax purposes should not be subject to, or else benefit from an exemption from 
French withholding tax provided that the beneficial owner of such Securities and the payments thereunder is resident or 
domiciled in France or in a country which has entered into an appropriate double tax treaty with France, fulfils the 
relevant requirements set out in such treaty and payments under the relevant Securities are not paid or accrued to 
persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperartive State or paid in such a Non-cooperative State. 
In addition, payments in respect of such Securities may, in certain circumstances, be non-deductible (in whole or in 
part) for French tax purposes if they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State 
or paid in such a Non-Cooperative State. Under certain conditions, and subject to the more favourable provisions of an 
applicable double tax treaty, such non-deductible payments in respect of such Securities may be recharacterised as 
constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 and seq of the French Code général des impôts subject to the 
withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts at a rate of up to 75%.

--- Page 450 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
450 
 
Potential purchasers of Securities who are resident or domiciled in a country which has not entered into an appropriate 
double tax treaty with France or who are domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State are advised to consult 
their own appropriate independent and professionally qualified tax advisors as to the tax consequences of any 
investment in, ownership of or transactions involving the Securities. 
Transfer tax and other taxes 
The following may be relevant in connection with Securities which may be settled, redeemed or repaid by way of 
physical delivery of certain French listed shares (or certain assimilated securities) or securities representing such 
shares (and assimilated securities). 
The French financial transaction tax provided under Article 235 ter ZD of the French Code général des impôts (the 
French FTT) is applicable, subject to certain exceptions, to any acquisitions for consideration, resulting in a transfer of 
ownership, of (i) equity securities (titres de capital) as defined by Article L.212-1 A of the French Code monétaire et 
financier or assimilated equity securities (titres de capital assimilés) as defined by Article L.211-41 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange when the said securities are issued by a 
company whose registered office is situated in France and whose market capitalisation exceeds 1 billion Euros on 1 
December of the year preceding the year in which the imposition occurs (the "French Shares") or (ii) securities (titres) 
representing French Shares (irrespective of the location of the issuer of such securities). The French FTT could apply in 
certain circumstances to the acquisition of French Shares (or securities representing French Shares) in connection with 
the repayment, redemption or settlement of any Securities. 
There are a number of exemptions from the French FTT and investors should consult with their counsel to identify 
whether they can benefit from them. 
The rate of the French FTT is 0.3% of the acquisition value of the French Shares (or the securities representing the 
French Shares). 
If the French FTT applies to an acquisition of French Shares, this transaction is exempt from transfer taxes (droits de 
mutation à titre onéreux) which generally apply at a rate of 0.1% to the sale of shares issued by a company whose 
registered office is situated in France, provided that in case of shares listed on a recognised stock exchange, transfer 
taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced by a written deed or agreement. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is 
not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained within this section is 
limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the 
Luxembourg tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Securities. In 
particular, this information does not describe the tax consequences for a holder of Securities that are redeemable in 
exchange for, or convertible into, shares. Prospective investors in the Securities should therefore consult their own 
professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may 
be subject. 
We draw your attention to the fact that reference to “residence” which is used in the developments below solely applies 
for the purposes of Luxembourg taw law. Any reference in the present section to withholding tax or tax of a similar 
nature or to any other concepts, only refers to Luxembourg tax laws and/or concepts. 
Witholding Tax 
Non-resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the laws of 21 June 2005 as amended (the Savings 
Laws), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of

--- Page 451 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
451 
 
Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax 
payable upon settlement or repurchase of the Securities held by non-resident holders of Securities. 
Resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the 
Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders 
of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax 
payable upon settlement or repurchase of Securities held by Luxembourg resident holders of Securities. 
Under the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg 
to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg or to a residual entity (within the 
meaning of the laws of 21 June 2005 implementing the Council Directive 2003/48/EC of 3 June 2003 on taxation of 
savings income in the form of interest payments and ratifying the treaties entered into by Luxembourg and certain 
dependent and the Territories, as amended) established in an EU Member State (other than Luxembourg) or one of the 
Territories and securing such payments for the benefit of such individual beneficial owner will be subject to a 
withholding tax of 20%. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an 
individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the 
tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Securities coming within the 
scope of the Law would be subject to withholding tax of 20%. 
 
SWISS TAXATION 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) Securities where the 
holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax presence in Switzerland or (ii) Securities where the paying agent, 
custodian or securities dealer is located in Switzerland. The discussion is based on legislation as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant 
for a decision to invest in securities. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular situation. All 
investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the respective Swiss tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of securities (or options embedded therein) in light of 
their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of securities issued by a non-Swiss Issuer are currently not subject to the Swiss withholding tax 
("Verrechnungssteuer"), provided that the Issuer of the securities is at all times domiciled and effectively managed 
outside of Switzerland.

--- Page 452 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
452 
 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council proposed draft legislation and opened the consultation procedure regarding 
the reform of the Swiss withholding tax regime, which had previously been suspended. A main aspect of the draft 
legislation is the exemption of Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors from withholding tax on Swiss 
domestic interest-based investments. In essence, the draft legislation would replace the current debtor-based regime 
applicable to interest payments with a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Broadly, this paying agent-
based regime would (i) subject all interest payments made through paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident 
in Switzerland to Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments to all other 
persons, including to Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than for indirect interest payments via 
foreign and domestic collective investments vehicles). If such a new paying agent-based regime were to be enacted and 
were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding tax on any interest payments in respect of the 
Securities, the Securities would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts as a result of such deduction or 
withholding under the terms of the Securities. However, the results of the consultation, which ended on 10 July 2020, 
were controversial. Consequently, on 15 April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council submitted a new draft on the reform of 
the Swiss withholding tax system providing for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments on bonds 
for Swiss tax purposes for submission to the Swiss Federal Parliament.Income Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder 
(ii) Structured Products 
If a Security classifies as a structured product, its income taxation depends on whether the bond and the derivative 
financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recorded separately from each other and whether the Security classifies as 
a structured product with or without a predominant one-time interest payment. 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not recorded separately from the embedded 
derivative financial instrument(s), the Security classifies as non-transparent structured product and any return over the 
initial investment classifies as a taxable interest payment. Non-transparent derivative financial instruments generally 
include a predominant one-time interest payment. If so, Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on any interest 
payments and on any gains, including capital and foreign exchange gains, realised on the Securities (differential 
taxation method). 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest payment: If the embedded bond is 
recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-maturity predominantly 
derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time interest-payment (see below "—Transparent derivative 
financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment"), then any periodic interest payment and the one-
time interest payment is taxed when paid to the holder of the Security. A gain, including interest accrued, realised on the 
sale of a Security is a tax-free private capital gain, whereas a loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss (see below 
"Capital Gains Taxation – Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). The same applies if the 
Security is redeemed except that interest accrued is taxed when paid. 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment: If the embedded bond is 
recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-maturity predominantly 
derives from a one-time interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium, and not from 
periodic interest payments, then any periodic interest payments at sale or redemption of the Security as well as the 
difference between the value of the embedded bond at sale or redemption and its value at issuance or purchase, as 
applicable, converted, in each case, into Swiss francs at the rate of exchange prevailing at the time of sale, redemption, 
issuance or purchase constitutes taxable income (modified differential taxation method). A value decrease on the 
embedded bond realised on the sale or redemption of the Security may be offset against any gains (including periodic 
interest payments) realised within the same taxation period from all financial instruments with a predominant one-time 
interest payment. Any residual return realised on the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) is a tax-free private 
capital gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
(iii) Notes 
Notes without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security classifies as a pure bond without a predominant 
one-time interest payment (the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and not from a 
one-time interest-payment), Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic and any one-time interest 
payments, converted into Swiss francs at the rate of exchange prevailing at the time of payment. A gain, including 
interest accrued, realised on the sale of a Security is a tax-free private capital gain, whereas a loss is a non-tax-

--- Page 453 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
453 
 
deductible private capital loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss 
Resident Holder").  
 
(iv) Pure Derivative Financial Instruments 
Periodic and one-time dividend equalisation payments realised on a Security which classifies as a pure derivative 
financial instrument (such as pure call and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not 
exceeding one year, pure futures, static certificates replicating an index or a basket of at least five shares and with a 
fixed maturity or an annual redemption right) and which is held as part of their private assets constitute taxable 
investment income. Any other return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss 
(see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
(v) Low Exercise Price Options (LEPO)  
According to the current practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, low exercise price options are given if the 
Underlying has been pre-financed by at least 50% at the time of issuance. 
For low exercise price options with a maturity exceeding one year, the interest component of the low exercise price 
option (i.e. issue discount) constitutes taxable investment income. Any other return will be classified as a tax-exempt 
capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Securities held as Private Assets 
by a Swiss Resident Holder").  
(vi) Fund-like Products  
An individual holding a fund-like product as part of private assets only receives taxable income (which he or she must 
report annually) over such portion of the distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised on the 
underlying investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised on the underlying 
investment) as derived from dividends and interest (less attributable costs) on the underlying instruments. Any 
distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised on the underlying investments constitute a tax-free private 
capital gain and any loss on the underlying investments is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Such taxation will 
only apply if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) and capital gains and losses are reported and 
distributed separately. Any gain realised within a taxation period on the sale of a fund-like instrument (including 
accrued dividends and interest) is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss 
realised is a non-tax-deductible capital loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Securities held as Private Assets by a 
Swiss resident Holder"). 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Securities as part of a trade or business in Switzerland (in the case of 
residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Switzerland) are required 
to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the sale or redemption of, such Securities 
(irrespective of their classification) in their income statement and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for the 
respective taxation period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who are classified by the tax authorities as 
"professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in Securities.  
 
Capital Gains Taxation  
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder 
A gain or a loss realised by an individual resident in Switzerland upon the sale or other disposal of a Security held as 
part of his or her private assets, is a tax-free private capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss, respectively, unless 
such individual is classified by the tax authorities as a "professional securities dealer" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent 
dealing and leveraged investments in Securities. If an individual is classified as "professional securities dealer" he or 
she will be taxed in accordance with the principles set forth above under "Securities held as Assets of a Swiss 
Business". Concerning the separation into a tax-exempt capital gains or non-tax deductible capital loss component, as

--- Page 454 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
454 
 
applicable, and a taxable income component of a Security, see the breakdown principles set forth above with regard to 
the different instruments under "Income Taxation – Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Resident Business 
Capital gains realised on Securities held as assets of a Swiss resident business are taxed in accordance with the taxation 
principles set forth above under "Income Taxation – Securities held as Swiss Business Assets". 
Non-Swiss Resident Holders  
Under present Swiss tax law, a Holder who is a non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the taxable year has not 
engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business within Switzerland and 
who is not subject to taxation in Switzerland for any other reason, will not be subject to any Swiss federal, cantonal or 
municipal income tax on gains realised on sale or redemption of the Securities. 
Stamp Taxes 
Swiss Federal Issue Stamp Tax 
The Securities are not subject to Swiss federal stamp tax on the issuance of Securities. 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
Dealings in Securities which classify as pure derivative financial instruments (such as pure call and put options, 
including low exercise price options (LEPOs) with a maturity not exceeding twelve months, pure futures with a 
maximal pre-financing of 25%, static certificates replicating an index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed 
maturity or an annual redemption right) are not subject to the Swiss federal securities turnover tax. 
Dealings in Securities which have been issued by an issuer outside of Switzerland and which classify as structured 
products, share-like instruments (including Low Exercise Price Options on shares with a maturity exceeding twelve 
months) or fund-like instruments are subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3% on the consideration paid, 
however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the 
transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealings in bonds and structured products with a maturity not exceeding one year are exempt from Swiss federal 
securities turnover tax. 
The delivery of an underlying taxable Security at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Security is subject to Swiss 
federal securities turnover tax of 0.3% in case a Security issued by an issuer outside Switzerland is delivered, and of 
0.15% in case a Security issued by a domestic issuer is delivered, however, in each case, only if a Swiss domestic 
securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no 
exemption applies. 
Non-Swiss Resident Holders 
A holder of a Security who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the taxation period has not 
engaged in trade or business carried on through a business operation or permanent establishment in Switzerland, will be 
subject to neither to income tax and capital gains tax nor net wealth or capital tax in Switzerland. 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On November 19, 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the "MCAA"). The 
MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance convention and is intended to 
ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information (the "AEOI"). The Federal Act on the 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters (the "AEOI Act") entered into force on January 1, 
2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. The agreements 
have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the principle of speciality (i.e. the 
information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data 
protection.

--- Page 455 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
455 
 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral AEOI agreement with the EU (replacing the EU savings tax agreement) and 
has concluded bilateral AEOI agreements with several non-EU countries. 
Based on such multilateral agreements and bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland 
will begin to collect data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Securities, held in, and income 
derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals 
resident in a EU member state or in a treaty state from, depending on the effectiveness date of the agreement, 2017 or 
2018, as the case may be, and begin to exchange it from 2018 or 2019. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation of FATCA. 
The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. 
tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder or by means of group requests within the scope of 
administrative assistance. Information will not be transferred automatically in the absence of 
consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the double 
taxation agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council approved a 
mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on changing the current direct-notification-based regime to a regime where the 
relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. 
tax authorities. On 20 September 2019, the protocol of amendment ot the double taxation treaty between Switzerland 
and the U.S. entered into force allowing U.S. authority in accordance with the information reported in aggregated form 
to request all the information on US-accounts without a declaration of consent on non-consenting non-participating 
financial institutions.

--- Page 456 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
456 
 
 
U.S. TAX 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT  
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (FATCA) impose a reporting regime and 
potentially a 30% withholding tax with respect to certain payments to (i) any non-U.S. financial institution (a "foreign 
financial institution", or FFI (as defined by FATCA)) that does not become a Participating FFI by entering into an 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to provide the IRS with certain information in respect of its 
account holders and investors or is not otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA and (ii) any 
investor (unless otherwise exempt from FATCA) that does not provide information sufficient to determine whether the 
investor is a U.S. person or should otherwise be treated as holding a "United States Account" of the Issuer (a 
Recalcitrant Holder). The Issuer is classified as an FFI. 
The withholding regime is in effect for payments from sources within the United States and will apply to "foreign 
passthru payments" (a term not yet defined) no earlier thanthe date that is two years after the date on which the final 
U.S treasury regultions defining foreign passthru payments are published in the Federal Register. This withholding 
would potentially apply to payments in respect of (i) any Securities characterized as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterized as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued after the grandfathering 
date, which (A) with respect to Securities that give rise to foreign passthru payments is the date that is six months after 
the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal 
Register and (B) with respect to Securities that give rise to dividend equivalent pursuant to section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, is six months after the date on which obligations of its type are first treated as giving 
rise to dividend equivalents, or which (in each case) are materially modified after the grandfathering date and (ii) any 
Securities characterized as equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal tax purposes, whenever issued. If 
Securities are issued on or before the grandfathering date, and additional Securities of the same series are issued after 
that date, the additional Securities may not be treated as grandfathered, which may have negative consequences for the 
existing Securities, including a negative impact on market price. 
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have entered into intergovernmental agreements to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA (each, an IGA). Pursuant to FATCA and the "Model 1" and "Model 2" IGAs released by the 
United States, an FFI in an IGA signatory country could be treated as a Reporting FI not subject to withholding under 
FATCA on any payments it receives. Further, an FFI in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) (any such withholding being FATCA Withholding) from 
payments it makes. Under each Model IGA, a Reporting FI would still be required to report certain information in 
respect of its account holders and investors to its home government or to the IRS. The United States has entered into an 
IGA with France (the French IGA) based largely on the Model 1 IGA. 
The Issuer expects to be treated as a Reporting FI pursuant to the French IGA and does not anticipate being obliged to 
deduct any FATCA Withholding on payments it makes. There can be no assurance, however, that the Issuer will be 
treated as a Reporting FI, or that it would in the future not be required to deduct FATCA Withholding from payments it 
makes. Accordingly, the Issuer and financial institutions through which payments on the Securities are made may be 
required to withhold FATCA Withholding if (i) any FFI through or to which payment on such Securities is made is not 
a Participating FFI, a Reporting FI, or otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA or (ii) an investor 
is a Recalcitrant Holder. 
While the Securities are in global form and held within the ICSDs, it is expected that FATCA will not affect the amount 
of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Securities by the Issuer, any paying agent and the common depositary 
or common safekeeper, given that each of the entities in the payment chain between the Issuer and the participants in 
the ICSDs is a major financial institution whose business is dependent on compliance with FATCA and that any 
alternative approach introduced under an IGA will be unlikely to affect the Securities.

--- Page 457 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
457 
 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above description is based in part on 
regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of which are subject to change or may be implemented in a 
materially different form.  
Possible Withholding under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and other possible U.S.Tax 
Withholding  
U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and applicable 
guidance (the Section 871(m) Regulations) generally impose a 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or 
deemed paid (within the meaning of the relevant Section 871(m) Regulations) to a non-United States holder (a Non-
U.S. Holder) with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities 
(such equities and indices, U.S. Underlying Equities). The 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or deemed 
paid to Non-U.S. Holders may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty (provided the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold 
at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding), 
eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner claims a credit or 
refund from the United States Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) in a timely manner, but the Issuer makes no 
assessment as to whether any such tax credits will be available to Non-U.S. Holders.  
 
Specifically, the Section 871(m) Regulations will generally apply to Securities issued on or after 1 January 2017 that 
substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities as determined by the Issuer 
on the date for such Notes as of which the expected delta of the product is determined by the Issuer, based on tests set 
out in the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations and relevant IRS Notices, including Notice 2018-72 (the Specified 
Securities). If one or more of the U.S. Underlying Equities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the 
Specified Note, withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Securities do not provide for payments 
explicitly linked to dividends. Even where a Security is a Specified Securities, no tax should be imposed under Section 
871(m) as long as either (1) no dividend is paid with respect to any U.S.  
A Security linked to U.S. Underlying Equities which the Issuer has determined not to be a Specified Securities will not 
be subject to withholding tax under the Section 871(m) Regulations. Moreover, the Section 871(m) Regulations provide 
certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for Securities linked to certain broad-based indices that meet 
requirements set forth in the applicable regulation pursuant to the Section 871 (m) Regulations (Qualified Indices) as 
well as securities that track such indices (Qualified Index Securities). 
 
A Security referencing U.S. Underlying Equities issued prior to 1 January 2017 is generally considered out of scope of 
Section 871(m) Regulations, unless such Security is modified after 1 January 2017 and as a result of any such 
modification substantially replicates the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities and becomes a 
Specified Securities for the purposes of Section 871(m) Regulations. If additional Securities of the same series are 
issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of Securities out of inventory) after the original 
issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for determining whether the existing Securities are Specified Securities as 
the date of such subsequent sale or issuance. Consequently, a previously out-of-scope Security might become a 
Specified Securities following such modification or further issuance.  
The applicable Final Terms will specify if the Securities are Specified Securities.  
If the Notes are determined to be Specified Securities, a Non-U.S. Holder of such Specified Securities generally will be 
subject to a 30% withholding tax, without regard to any applicable treaty rate, on dividend equivalents paid or deemed 
paid.  
Investors are advised that the Issuer's determination is binding on all Non U.S. Holders of the Securities, but it is not 
binding on the IRS and the IRS may therefore disagree with the Issuer’s determination, as the Section 871(m) 
Regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to Notes linked to U.S. Underlying Equities and their 
application to a specific issue of Securities may be uncertain. Investors should note that if the Issuer or any withholding 
agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor the withholding agent will be required to gross up 
any amounts withheld in connection with a Specified Securities.

--- Page 458 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
458 
 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) 
Regulations to an investment in the Notes.”  
The applicable Final Terms will specify if the Notes are subject to any additional U.S. withholding taxes. 
 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION, PURCHASE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Under the terms and conditions of a purchase agreement with an effective date as of 16 July 2021 (the Purchase 
Agreement) entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer, the Bonds are offered on a permanent basis 
by the Issuer to the permanent Dealer. However, the Issuer may sell Bonds to Dealers other than the permanent Dealer.  
General 
The present selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant securities law, regulation or directive or in certain other circumstances as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to the Base Prospectus.  
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant securities laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Bonds or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material relating to the Bonds or any Final Terms and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Bonds under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
Please note that in relation to EEA States, additional selling restrictions may apply in respect of any specific EEA State, 
including those set out below in relation to Belgium, France, Ireland and Italy.  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes 
of this provision:  
(a) the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or  
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Mediation 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or  
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation); and

--- Page 459 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
459 
 
(b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (including, without limitation, Belgium, France and 
Luxembourg) (each, a Relevant Member State), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area (a Member State), except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in that Relevant Member State:  
(a) if the final terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made other than 
pursuant to Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a Non-exempt Offer), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Member State, provided that (i) the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Non-exempt Offer and (ii) any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable;  
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation;  
(c) at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or  
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Securities in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Securities. 
 
 
FRANCE 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed subsequently under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and 
regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Securities and the distribution in France of this 
Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Securities.  
 
UNITED KINGDOM 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies “Prohibition of sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in 
the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in the United Kingdom:  
(A) at any time any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 460 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
460 
 
(B) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(C) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the “FSMA”).  
For the purposes of this provision:  
- the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
- the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
Furthermore, the Dealer has represented and warranted and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and warrant that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Bonds issued by the Issuer which have a maturity of less than one year (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business, (ii) it has not offered or sold and 
will not be offered or sold other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Bonds would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Bonds in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or Guarantor; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to any action 
taken by it in relation to the Bonds in, from, or otherwise involving, the United Kingdom.

--- Page 461 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
461 
 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
Regulation S 
The Bonds and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the Securities Act) or under the securities law of any state or political sub-division of the United States. 
No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA) and the rules thereunder (the CFTC Rules) of the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC), and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, nor under any other United States federal laws. The 
Bonds and the Guarantee are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S. 
Accordingly, the Bonds and the Guarantee may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in an 
“Offshore Transaction” (as such term is defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted 
Transferee. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of this transfer restriction: 
Permitted Transferee means any person who is not: 
(a) 
a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; or 
(b) 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, 
guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United 
States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) 
thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. 
person). 
Transfers of Bonds within the United States or to any person other than a Permitted Transferee are prohibited. Any 
transfer of Bonds to a person other than a Permitted Transferee (a Non-Permitted Transferee) will be void ab initio 
and of no legal effect whatsoever. Accordingly, any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in 
a Security in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such 
Security. The Issuer shall have the right at any time after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial ownership interest 
in a Security is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee to require such Non-Permitted Transferee to sell such interest to (i) 
an affiliate of the Issuer (to the extent permitted by applicable law); or (ii) a person who is not a Non-Permitted 
Transferee 
The foregoing restrictions on the offer, sale, pledge or other transfer of Bonds to a Non-Permitted Transferee may 
adversely affect the ability of an investor in the Bonds to dispose of the Bonds in the secondary market, if any, and 
significantly reduce the liquidity of the Bonds. As a result, the value of the Bonds may be materially adversely affected. 
As defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S, “U.S. person” means: 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
Any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
(c) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States;

--- Page 462 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
462 
 
(f) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(g) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary 
organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
Any partnership or corporation if: 
 
(i) 
Organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
 
(ii) 
Formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the 
Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited investors (as defined in 
§230.501(a)) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts. 
As defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, modified as indicated above, “Non-United States person” means: 
(a) 
A natural person who is not a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
A partnership, corporation or other entity, other than an entity organized principally for passive investment, 
organized under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction and which has its principal place of business in a foreign jurisdiction; 
(c) 
An estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to United States income tax regardless of source; 
(d) 
An entity organized principally for passive investment such as a pool, investment company or other similar 
entity; provided, that units of participation in the entity held by persons who do not qualify as Non-United States 
persons represent in the aggregate less than 10 per cent. of the beneficial interest in the entity, and that such entity was 
not formed principally for the purpose of facilitating investment by persons who do not qualify as Non-United States 
persons in a pool with respect to which the operator is exempt from certain requirements of part 4 of the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission’s regulations by virtue of its participants being Non-United States persons; and 
(e) 
A pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of an entity organized and with its principal place of 
business outside the United States. 
As defined in the CFTC’s interpretive guidance and policy statement regarding compliance with certain swap 
regulations, 78 Fed. Reg. 45292, 316 (Jul. 26, 2013), “U.S. person” includes, but is not limited to: 
(a) 
Any natural person who is a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
Any estate of a decedent who was a resident of the United States at the time of death; 
(c) 
Any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business or other trust, association, joint-stock 
company, fund or any form of enterprise similar to any of the foregoing (other than an entity described in clauses (d) or 
(e), below) (a legal entity), in each case that is organized or incorporated under the laws of a state or other jurisdiction 
in the United States or having its principal place of business in the United States; 
(d) 
Any pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of a legal entity described in clause (c), unless the 
pension plan is primarily for foreign employees of such entity; 
(e) 
Any trust governed by the laws of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States, if a court within the United 
States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust; 
(f) 
Any commodity pool, pooled account, investment fund, or other collective investment vehicle that is not 
described in clause (c) and that is majority-owned by one or more persons described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e), 
except any commodity pool, pooled account, investment fund, or other collective investment vehicle that is publicly 
offered only to non-U.S. persons and not offered to U.S. persons;

--- Page 463 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
463 
 
(g) Any legal entity (other than a limited liability company, limited liability partnership or similar entity where all of the 
owners of the entity have limited liability) that is directly or indirectly majority-owned by one or more persons 
described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) and in which such person(s) bears unlimited responsibility for the obligations 
and liabilities of the legal entity; and 
(h) 
Any individual account or joint account (discretionary or not) where the beneficial owner (or one of the 
beneficial owners in the case of a joint account) is a person described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), or (g). 
Each prospective purchaser of the Bonds, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Bonds, and each 
transferee of the Bonds by accepting the transfer of the Bonds, will be deemed to have represented and agreed as 
follows: 
(a) 
it understands that the Bonds and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Bonds Act 
and agrees that it will not, at any time during the term of the Bonds offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Bonds, 
except in an “Offshore Transaction” (as such term is defined under Regulation S) to or for the account of a Permitted 
Transferee; 
(b) 
it understands and acknowledges that no person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator 
of the Issuer under the CEA and the CEA Rules; 
(c) 
(i) it is a Permitted Transferee and (ii) if it is acting for the account or benefit of another person, such other 
person is also a Permitted Transferee; 
(d) 
it understands and agrees that the Issuer has the right to compel any legal or beneficial owner of an interest in 
the Bonds to certify periodically that such legal or beneficial owner is a Permitted Transferee; 
(e) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an interest in 
the Bonds in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Bonds; 
(f) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right at any time after becoming aware that any legal or 
beneficial ownership interest in a Security is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee to require such Non-Permitted 
Transferee to sell such interest to (i) an affiliate of the Issuer (to the extent permitted by applicable law) or (ii) a person 
who is not a Non-Permitted Transferee, in each case in accordance with Condition 2.5; 
(g) 
it agrees to provide notice of the restrictions set forth herein to any transferee of its interest in the Bonds; 
(h)  
it understands that Bonds will bear a legend regarding the restrictions set forth herein; and 
(i) 
it understands that any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Bonds will be 
void ab initio and will not operate to transfer any rights to the Non-Permitted Transferee. 
The Bonds and the Guarantee have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Bonds and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any other regulatory agency 
in the United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the merits of the Bonds and the 
Guarantee. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. Furthermore, the Bonds and the Guarantee do not 
constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts for the sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) 
subject to the CEA, and neither trading in the Bonds nor this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA, 
and no person other than a Permitted Transferee may at any time trade or maintain a position in the Bonds. In addition, 
until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Bonds, an offer or sale of 
Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Bonds Act.

--- Page 464 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
464 
 
SWITZERLAND 
Securities issued under the Programme do not constitute participations in a collective investment scheme within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 (CISA), as amended. Investors 
are exposed to the credit risk of the issuer of the Securities.  
This Base Prospectus and any Supplements thereto will be filed for automatic acceptance pursuant to article 54(2) 
FIDLEG with the SIX Prospectus Office in its capacity as Review Body, as defined in art. 52 FIDLEG. The filing of 
this Base Prospectus with the SIX Prospectus Office will be made within 10 business days following the publication of 
this Base Prospectus and its approval by the SIX Prospectus Office is expected to occur 10 business days thereafter. 
In addition, in the case of offerings of Securities that constitute debt instruments with a "derivative character" (as such 
expression is understood under the FIDLEG and the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance (FIDLEV) that will be made 
to private (retail) clients in Switzerland, a key information document (KID) prepared in accordance with Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 26, 2014 on key information 
documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs) will be made available.

--- Page 465 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
465 
 
 [FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR THE BONDS]6 
[FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR THE BONDS WHICH ARE EXEMPT SECURITIES 
This form of Pricing Supplement for the Bonds which are Exempt Securities has neither been reviewed nor 
approved by the CSSF.]7 
 
 
 
 
[The Base Prospectus expires on 16 July 2022[and the Issuer intends that the Base Prospectus will be 
immediately updated thereafter]. The updated base prospectus will be available on the website of Exane 
(www.exane.com /exaneissues).]8 
 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
 
 
Issue of [number or amount] [commercial name] Bonds] 
indexed to [brief description of the Underlying(s) of the Bonds]  
 
[Please insert if the issue is a new Tranche of the Series – to be consolidated with the [Title of the original issue] issued 
on [Issue Date of the first Tranche] (Tranche 1) [and [Title of the original issue] issued on [Issue Date of the following 
Tranche] (Tranche [⚫])] 
 
pursuant to the Bonds Issuance Programme of 
EXANE FINANCE (as “Issuer”) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500E9E37PGZEHBP23 
 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by  
EXANE DERIVATIVES (as “Guarantor”) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 2FL5XIC1B8Q6HNGN6A35 
 
[This issue also has the benefit of an additional guarantee in the form of a 
 Pledging of securities account granted by  
EXANE DERIVATIVES / (Please delete if not applicable)] 
[EXANE DERIVATIVES (as “Dealer”)] 
Series n°: [⚫] 
Tranche n°: [⚫] 
Issue Price: [⚫] per Bonds / [⚫]% of the Nominal Value 
Maturity Date: [⚫] 
[An application has been made for the Bonds to be admitted to trading on [the regulated market of ][⚫]] (Please delete 
if not applicable)] 
 
 
6 For Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA, issued under this Base 
Prospectus reviewed and approved by the CSSF. 
7 For Bonds which are Exempt Securities as defined in the Base Prospectus and for which which no prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation. Any terms and conditions not contained in the Base Prospectus which are applicable to these Bonds will be set out in the 
Pricing Supplement. 
8 Include in respect of an issue of Securities for which the offer spans an update to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 466 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
466 
 
 [The Bonds are Exempt Securities as defined in the Base Prospectus for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation. Any terms and conditions not contained in the Base Prospectus which are 
applicable to the Bonds will be set out in these Final Terms.]9  
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Bonds may only do so: 
(i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 16 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or 
(ii) In those Public Offer Jurisdiction mentioned in Paragraph [⚫] of Part B below, provided such person is one 
of the persons mentioned in Paragraph [⚫] of Part B below and that such offer is made during the Offer 
Periof specified for such purpose therein]10 
 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Bonds in any 
other circumstances.] 
 
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus referred to below is 
published at any time during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated base prospectus, as the 
case may be, will be published and made available in accordance with the arrangements applied to the original 
publication of these Final Terms. Any investors who have indicated acceptances of the Offer (as defined below) prior to 
the date of publication of such supplement or updated version of the Base Prospectus, as the case may be, (the 
"Publication Date") have the right within two working days of the Publication Date to withdraw their acceptances.]11 
 
 Part A – Contractual Terms 
Unless otherwise required by the context, the terms and expressions used and not expressly defined in these Final Terms 
shall have the same meaning as in the Conditions of the Securities [and the Technical Annex] set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated as of 16 July 2021 (the 2021 Base Prospectus)[, as supplemented by the [First/Second/Third/[⚫]] 
Supplement dated as of [⚫] ([the Supplement / together, the Supplements])]. 
[The 2021 Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] constitute[s] [together] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The present document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein for the 
purposes of article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.]  
The Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the 2021 Base Prospectus [, as supplemented]. Full information on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the 2021 Base Prospectus [, as supplemented].  
[If there is an ongoing offer to the public at the expiration of the 2021 Base Prospectus, such Final Terms (i) prior to the 
publication of the 2022 Base Prospectus12, must be read in conjunction with the 2021 Base Prospectus as so 
supplemented and (ii) after the publication of the 2022 Base Prospectus, must be read in conjunction with the 2022 Base 
Prospectus as so supplemented in relation to the full information on the Issuer and the offer of Bonds described, save in 
respect of the Conditions of the Securities which are extracted from the 2021 Base Prospectus as so supplemented]13 
The 2021 Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] [and the Final Terms]14 [is/are] available on the website of Exane 
(www.exane.com/exaneissues). [A summary of the issue of the Securities is attached as a schedule to these Final 
Terms.]15 The 2020 Base Prospectus [, the Supplement(s)] and these Final Terms are available for inspection and copies 
may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer, [(option – Please delete if not applicable) the registered office 
 
9 Include in respect of an issue of Exempt Securities 
10 Include in respect of an issue of Securities for which a non-exempt offer of Securities is anticipated. 
11 Include in respect of issues of Securities where the public offer period spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base 
Prospectus. 
12 2022 Base Prospectus means the base prospectus which will replace the actual Base Prospectus dated as of [⚫]2021 
13 Include in respect of issues of Securities where the public offer period spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base 
Prospectus 
14 In case of a Non-exempt Offer only 
15 Only applicable to Securities with a nominal value of less than €100,000 and/or in case of listing or admission to a regulated market.

--- Page 467 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
467 
 
of the Principal Paying Agent / the registered office of the Pledge Account Custodian and on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
[(The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Base Prospectus with an earlier date and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) 
Unless otherwise required by the context, the terms and expressions used and not expressly defined in these Final Terms 
shall have the same meaning as in the Conditions of the Securities [and the Technical Annex] set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated as of [16 October 2013] [14 October 2014] [14 October 2015] [14 October 2016, as supplemented by 
the First Supplement dated 20 June 2017] [13 October 2017] [12 October 2018] [18 July 2019] [17 July 2020] (the 
[original year] Base Prospectus) as supplemented by the First Supplement dated as of 09 December 2020 which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated as of 16 July  2021 (the 2021 Base Prospectus) [, as 
supplemented by the [First/Second/Third/[⚫]] Supplement dated as of [⚫]. 
The present document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein [for the purposes of article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and the relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg] and must be read in conjunction with 
the [original year] Base Prospectus, as supplemented which constitute[s] [together] a base prospectus for the purpose of 
the Prospectus Regulation and the relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg]. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms, the [original year] Base Prospectus, as supplemented and the 2021 Base Prospectus [, 
as supplemented].  
[The [original year] Base Prospectus as supplemented, the 2021 Base Prospectus[, as supplemented] [and the Final 
Terms]16 are available on the website of Exane (www.exane.com/exaneissues). [A summary of the issue of the 
Securities is attached as a schedule to these Final Terms.]17 [The [original year] Base Prospectus, as supplemented, the 
2021 Base Prospectus[, as supplemented] and these Final Terms are available for inspection and copies may be obtained 
from the registered office of the Issuer, [(option – delete if not applicable) the registered office of the Principal Paying 
Agent / the registered office of the Pledge Account Custodian / the registered office of the Luxembourg Paying Agent 
and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
[Complete all the following headings, or specify "Not applicable" (N/A). The numbering must remain identical to the 
numbering below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for a specific paragraph or subparagraph. Terms in italics are 
instructions to facilitate completion of the Final Terms.] 
 
 
 
16 In case of a Non-exempt Offer only 
17 Only applicable to Securities with a nominal value of less than €100,000 and/or in case of listing or admission to a regulated market.

--- Page 468 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
468 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
Calculation Agent : 
Exane Derivatives / [⚫] 
1. 
Settlement Confirmation Agent : 
[(Only applicable in case of Securites benifiting from a 
Pledge) BNP Paribas Securities Services / [⚫]] / [Not 
applicable] 
2. 
Currency: 
[⚫]  
3. 
Dual Currency Bonds : 
[Applicable as per Condition 5.20 of the Conditions of the 
Bonds] / [[Not applicable] [(if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs)]] 
(a) Dual Currency Exchange Rate: 
[⚫] 
(b) Method of calculating the fixing of Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate: 
[Predetermined][Calculation Agent Determination][Screen 
Rate Determination] 
[ If Predetermined: 
- Predetermined Fixing: 
 
[⚫] 
[ If Screen Rate Determination or 
Calculation Agent Determination : 
- Dual Currency Valuation Date: 
- Dual Currency Valuation Time: 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[ If Screen Rate Determination : 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[⚫] 
4. 
Issue Size: 
 
(a) 
Series : 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Tranche : 
[⚫][(if the tranche is fongible with a previous Series) 
Securities shall be fungible and form a single series with 
(insert number of previous tranches of the series) on [Issue 
Date of the Tranche].

--- Page 469 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
469 
 
5. 
Nominal Value : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
6. 
Issue Price : 
[⚫] per Bond / [⚫] % of the Nominal Value / Not applicable 
7. 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
8. 
Issue Date : 
[⚫] 
9. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date of the Securities / (specify)] / Not applicable 
10. 
Maturity Date: 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
11. 
Minimum Trading Number: 
[⚫] 
12. 
Interest Basis: 
 
 
[Not applicable / Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Interest linked 
to Shares / Interest linked to Indices / Interest linked to 
Futures Contracts / Interest linked to Funds / Interest linked to 
Exchange Rates / Interest linked to Reference Rates / Interest 
linked to Debt Instruments / Interest linked to Listed Options / 
Interest linked to Commodities / Interest linked to a Dynamic 
Portfolio (combination of the above, please specify)] 
13. 
Settlement Basis: 
 
 
[Settlement at par / Dual Currency / Settlement linked to 
Shares / Settlement linked to Indices / Settlement linked to 
Futures Contracts / Settlement linked to Funds / Settlement 
linked to Exchange Rates / Settlement linked to Reference 
Rates / Settlement linked to Debt Instruments / Settlement 
linked to Listed Options / Settlement linked to Commodities / 
Settlement linked to Dynamic Portfolio (combination of the 
above, please specify)] 
14. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not applicable / Applicable (for Fixed /Floating Rate 
Securities) / (Provide details on conversion of the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Securities in accordance with Condition 
4.3) 
15. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day / Following Business Day 
/Modified Following Business Day / Preceding Business Day] 
16. 
Multi Underlyings : 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
17. 
Basket of Multi Underlyings 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) Exchange Business Day : 
(For basket composed of various type of Underlyings) 
[Exchange Business Day (All Multi Underlyings Basis) / 
Exchange Business Day (Per Multi Underlying Basis) / Not 
applicable] 
(b) Scheduled Trading Day: 
(For basket composed of various type of Underlyings)

--- Page 470 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
470 
 
[Scheduled Trading Day (All Multi Underlyings Basis) / 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Multi Underlying Basis) / Not 
applicable] 
18. 
Type(s) of Underlying 
 
Underlying(s): Share(s) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Share(s) : 
[⚫] (specify the share(s), ordinary share, Depository 
Receipt(s), ETF Unit(s)) 
(b) 
Weighting / W(i) : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable  
(c) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[⚫] / [Refer to the Technical Annex to the Final Terms] / Not 
applicable 
(d) 
Company: 
[⚫] 
(e) 
Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] 
(f) 
Related Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] 
(g) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.7 
(h) 
Exchange Business Day : 
[Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis) (where single 
Share-linked)] / [Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) / 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) (where Basket of 
Shares -linked)] 
(i) 
Scheduled Trading Day : 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) (where single 
Share-linked)] / [Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) / 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) (where Basket of 
Shares-linked)] 
(j) 
Initial Price : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.7 / Not applicable 
(k) 
Reuters Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(l) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(m) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(n) 
ETF Administrator: 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is an ETF 
Unit) 
(o) 
ETF Advisor: 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is an ETF 
Unit) 
(p) 
ETF : 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is an ETF 
Unit) 
(q) 
ETF Underlying Index : 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is an ETF 
Unit) 
(r) 
Underlying Share : 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is a

--- Page 471 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
471 
 
Depository Receipt) 
(s) 
DR Specified Currency: 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is a 
Depository Receipt) 
(t) 
DR Sponsor: 
[⚫] / Not applicable (only applicable if the Share is a 
Depository Receipt) 
Underlying(s): Index(es) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Index(es) : 
[⚫] (specify if Mono-Exchange Index, Multi-Exchange Index 
or Proprietary Index) 
(b) 
Weighting / W(i) : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(c) 
Initial Valuation Date : 
[⚫] / [Refer to the Technical Annex to the Final Terms] / Not 
applicable 
(d) 
Sponsor(s) : 
[⚫] 
(e) 
Index Advisor: 
[⚫] (for Proprietary Index only) / Not applicable 
(f) 
Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(g) 
Related Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(h) 
Exchange Business Day : 
[Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) (where single 
Index-linked)] / [Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) / 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) (where Index 
Basket-linked)]  
(i) 
Scheduled Trading Day : 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) (where single 
Index-linked)] / [Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) / 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) (where Index 
Basket-linked)] 
(j) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 5.8  
(k) 
Initial Level : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.8 / Not applicable 
(l) 
Reuters Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(m) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(n) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
Underlying(s): Futures Contract(s) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Futures Contract(s): 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Rolling Futures Contracts 
Applicable / Not applicable 
(c) 
Weighting / W(i): 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable

--- Page 472 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
472 
 
(d) 
Futures Contract Underlying: 
[⚫] (specify the share(s), the index(ices), the debt 
instrument(s) or the commodity(ies)) 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(f) 
Exchange Business Day : 
[Exchange Business Day (Single Futures Contract Basis) 
(where single Futures Contract-linked)] / [Exchange Business 
Day (All Futures Contracts Basis) / Exchange Business Day 
(Per Futures Contract Basis) (where Basket of Futures 
Contracts-linked)] 
(g) 
Scheduled Trading Day : 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Single Futures Contract Basis) 
(where single Futures Contract-linked)] / [Scheduled Trading 
Day (All Futures Contracts Basis) / Scheduled Trading Day 
(Per Futures Contract Basis) (where Basket of Futures 
Contracts-linked)] 
(h) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 5.11] 
(i) 
Reuters Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(j) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(k) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(l) 
Futures Contract Sponsor: 
[⚫] 
Underlying(s) Fund Units 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Fund(s): 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Weighting / W(i) : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable  
(c) 
Valuation Date : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.10 
(d) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.10 
(e) 
Fund Business Day : 
[Fund Business Day (Single Fund Basis) (where single Fund 
Unit-linked)] / [Fund Business Day (All Funds Basis) / Fund 
Business Day (Per Fund Basis) (where Basket of Fund Units-
linked)]/ Not applicable 
(f) 
Reuters Code(s):  
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(g) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(h) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(i) 
Fund Administrator: 
[⚫] 
(j) 
Management Company: 
[⚫] 
(k) 
Fund Adviser : 
[⚫]

--- Page 473 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
473 
 
(l) 
Depository: 
[⚫] 
(m) 
Maximum Subscription Fees: 
[⚫] 
(n) 
Maximum Redemption Fees: 
[⚫] 
(o) 
Fund Holding Event Percentage: 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.10 
Underlying(s) : Exchange Rate(s) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) Exchange Rate(s): 
[⚫] 
(b) Weighting / W(i): 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(c) Price Source(s): 
[⚫] 
(d) Valuation Time: 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.13 
Underlying(s) Reference Rate 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) Reference Rate: 
[⚫] 
(b) Weighting / W(i): 
[⚫](if Basket) / Not applicable 
(c) Method of determination of the 
Underlying Reference Rate: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
         Floating Rate Option 
[] 
         Designated Maturity 
[] 
         Reset Date: 
[] / [In accordance with Condition 4.2 C (i) III] 
[N.B. 
The 
fallback 
provisions 
applicable 
to 
ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are reliant 
upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations 
for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time] 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
Reference Rate: 
[] 
Interest Determination Date(s) : 
[] / [In accordance with Condition 1.1] 
Specified Time: 
[] / [In accordance with Condition 1.1]  
(which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the case of LIBOR,

--- Page 474 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
474 
 
or 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) 
(d) Price Source(s): 
[⚫] 
(e) Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
(f) Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
Underlying(s) Debt Instrument(s) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Debt Instrument(s): 
[⚫] (specify, if applicable, whether it is a Bond, a Convertible 
Bond, a Contingent Bond or a Perpetual Bond) 
(b) 
Company(ies): 
[⚫] 
(c) 
Debt Instrument Nominal Value: 
[⚫] 
(d) 
Debt Instrument Maturity Date:  
[⚫] 
(e) 
Weighting / W(i) : 
[⚫] / (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(f) 
Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] 
(g) 
Related Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] 
(h) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.15 
(i) 
Exchange Business Day:  
[Exchange Business Day (Single Debt Instrument Basis) 
(where single Debt Instrument-linked)] / [Exchange Business 
Day (All Debt Instruments Basis) / Exchange Business Day 
(Per Debt Instrument Basis) (where Debt Instrument Basket-
linked) / any Business Day] 
(j) 
Scheduled Trading Day : 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Single Debt Instrument Basis) 
(where single Debt Instrument-linked))] / [Scheduled Trading 
Day (Per Debt Instrument Basis) / Scheduled Trading Day 
(All Debt Instruments Basis) (where Debt Instrument Basket-
linked)] 
(k) 
Debt Instrument Price : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.15 
(l) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫] 
(m) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(n) 
Reuters Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(o) 
Screen Page: 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(p) 
Conversion Rate: 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(q) 
Capitalisation Rate: 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(r) 
Debt Instrument Coupon Rate: 
[⚫]/ Not applicable

--- Page 475 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
475 
 
(s) 
Debt Instrument Coupon Frequency: 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(t) 
Partial Settlement upon Occurrence 
of a Debt Instrument Event 
Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
Partial Settlement Amount: 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.16 
Underlying(s) Listed Option(s) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Listed Option(s) : 
[⚫] 
(b) 
 Weighting / W(i) : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(c) 
Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] 
(d) 
Reuters Code(s): 
[⚫] 
(e) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫] 
(f) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫] 
(g) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.12 
Underlying(s) Commodity(ies) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Commodity(ies) : 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Precious Metals:  
[Gold (specify if non-allocated non-compliant with LBMA 
rules Gold) / Silver (specify if non-allocated non-compliant 
with LBMA rules Silver) / Platinum (specify if non-allocated 
non-compliant with LPPM rules Platinum) / Palladium 
(specify if non-allocated non-compliant with LPPM rules 
Palladium) / [specify other metal] / Not applicable] 
(c) 
Weighting / W(i) : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(d) 
Basket: 
[Not applicable / Multi-Exchange Basket/ Mono-Exchange 
Basket] 
(e) 
Initial Price : 
[⚫] 
(f) 
Commodity Reference Price 
Sponsor: 
[⚫] 
(g) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[⚫] 
(h) 
Material Price Differential 
Percentage: 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(i) 
Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(j) 
Related Exchange(s) : 
[⚫] / Not applicable

--- Page 476 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
476 
 
(k) 
Reuters Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(l) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(m) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(n) 
Barrier : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(o) 
Commodity Reference Broker: 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(p) 
Precious Metals Reference Broker:  
 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(q) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.9 
(r) 
Exchange Business Day : 
[Exchange Business Day (Single Commodity Basis) (where 
single Commodity-linked)] / [Exchange Business Day (Per 
Commodity 
Basis) 
/ 
Exchange 
Business 
Day 
(All 
Commodities Basis) (where Commodity Basket-linked)] 
(s) 
Scheduled Trading Day : 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Single Commodity Basis) (where 
single Commodity-linked)] / [Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Commodities Basis) / Scheduled Trading Day (Per 
Commodity Basis) (where Commodity Basket-linked)] 
Underlying(s): Dynamic Portfolio(s) 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs)] 
(a) 
Dynamic Portfolio(s) : 
[⚫]/ 
[All information regarding the Dynamic Portfolio can be 
found on the website : www.exane.com/exaneindex18 / ⚫] 
(b) 
Portfolio Sponsor: 
[⚫] / [Exane Derivatives] 
(c) 
Portfolio Advisor: 
[⚫]  
(d) 
Portfolio Calculation 
Agent(s) : 
[⚫] / [Exane Derivatives] 
(e) 
Weighting / W(i) : 
[⚫] (if Basket) / Not applicable 
(f) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[⚫] / [Refer to the Technical Annex to the Final Terms] / Not 
applicable 
(g) 
Initial Level : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(h) 
Valuation Time : 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 5.16 
 
18 The website gives an unlimited access to the content and is free of charge.

--- Page 477 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
477 
 
(i) 
Bloomberg Code(s): 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
(J) 
ISIN Code(s) : 
[⚫]/ Not applicable 
INTEREST PROVISIONS 
19. 
Ex-Date (Condition 1): 
Not applicable / [⚫] 
20. 
Fixed Rate Interest Provisions (Condition 
4.1): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[⚫] 
per 
cent 
[per 
annum] 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(b) 
Specified Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[Insert the interest payment date(s)] [[Insert the day 
and the month] in each year up to and including the 
Scheduled Maturity Date] 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] : 
[⚫]  
(d) 
Broken Amount: 
[Insert particular of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s) and the Interest Payment Date(s) to which they 
relate] / Not applicable 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
1) : 
[Actual/365 FBF – Actual/Actual ISDA – Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] 
 
[Actual /365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual / 360] 
 
[30E / 360- Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30/360 FBF – Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) 
 
[Actual / Actual – (ICMA)] 
 
[30/360 – 360/360 - Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[Not applicable] 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1 ] [insert the day(s) and 
the month(s) when interest is normally paid (if several, then 
insert such dates in the alternative)] in each year [(only 
complete for issues for which the Day Count Fraction is 
Actual / Actual – ICMA)]

--- Page 478 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
478 
 
21. 
Floating 
Rate 
Interest 
provisions 
(Condition 4.2): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Floating Coupon Amount : 
[Unless previously redeemed, on [each] [the] Interest 
Payment Date, the Issuer shall pay to the Holders,for each 
Security, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows:] 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Specified Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[⚫] (if applicable, specify the dates) 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day /Following Business Day 
/Modified Following Business Day / Preceding Business Day] 
(d) 
Reference Financial Market : 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1.1]  
(e) 
Method of determination of the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
 
(i) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
Reset Date: 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 4.2 C (i) (III) 
[N.B. 
The 
fallback 
provisions 
applicable 
to 
ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are reliant 
upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations 
for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time] 
(ii) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
Floating Rate Determination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
(iii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] 
Interest Determination 
Date(s) : 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1] 
Specified Time: 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1]

--- Page 479 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
479 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the case of LIBOR, 
or 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) 
Screen Page : 
[Reuters EURIBOR01] / [⚫] 
(f) 
Margin(s) / Spread(s) : 
[+/-] [⚫] 
(g) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
(h) 
Representative Amount: 
[⚫] / [In accordance with Condition 1] 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/ [[⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable] / [[⚫]per cent. per annum] / [⚫] 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
1) : 
[Actual /365 FBF - Actual / Actual – ISDA – Actual / Actual] 
 
[Actual / Actual - FBF] 
 
[Actual /365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual / 360] 
 
[30E / 360- Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30/360 FBF – Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) 
 
[Actual / Actual – (ICMA)] 
 
[30/360 – 360/360 - Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(l) 
Coefficient Multiplier: 
Not applicable/ [⚫] 
22. 
Zero Coupon provisions (Conditions 4.(d) 
and 5.6): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield (Condition 5.6) : 
[⚫] per cent. per annum. 
(b) 
Reference Price : 
[⚫]% / [In accordance with Condition 5.6] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 1) : 
[Actual/365 FBF - Actual / Actual – ISDA – Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/Actual - FBF] 
 
[Actual/360 (fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (fixed)] 
 
[Actual / 360] 
 
[30E / 360- Eurobond basis]

--- Page 480 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
480 
 
 
[30/360 FBF – Actual 30A/360 (American bond basis) 
 
[Actual / Actual – ICMA] 
 
[30/360 – 360/360 – Bond basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
23. 
Provisions relating to Securities linked to 
one or more Underlying(s) : 
[Applicable (Insert the following paragraph if interest 
payments are linked to one or more Underlying(s))) [Interest 
payments on Securities linked to one or more Underlying(s) 
shall be calculated in accordance with the following 
calculation formula : Coupon Indexed to a Value / Coupon 
Floored to the Previous Coupon / Coupon Capped to the 
Previous Coupon / Conditional Coupon / Tempo Coupon / 
Performance Detached Coupon / Capped and Floored 
Performance Detached Coupon / Fixed Coupon / Incremental 
Coupon / Not applicable] 
24. 
Late payment/delivery interest (Condition 
13) : 
[In accordance with Condition 13.5] [specify the applicable 
rate] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SETTLEMENT  
25. 
Final Settlement Amount of the Bonds 
(Condition 5.2): 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs. ) 
(a) 
Final Settlement Amount: 
[[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 1 /Fixed Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.A.1 of the Technical Annex) / Bond 
Backed Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.2 of the 
Technical Annex) / Delta One Settlement Amount (paragraph 
VI.A.3 of the Technical Annex)/ Indexed Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.A.4 of the Technical Annex)/ Conditional 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.5 of the Technical 
Annex) / Composite Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.A.6 of 
the Technical Annex) / Combined Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.A.7 of the Technical Annex)] / [insert the 
applicable formula in case of Exempt Securities] 
(b) 
Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Settlement][Cash and/or Physical 
Settlement] 
EARLY SETTLEMENT AND OPTIONAL SETTLEMENT PROVISIONS 
26. 
Automatic Early Settlement (Condition 
5.18): 
[Applicable/Not applicable / (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) ] 
(a) 
Automatic Early Settlement 
Condition : 
([European Barrier Condition (paragraph II.D.1.a of the 
Technical Annex) / Daily Barrier Condition (paragraph 
II.D.1.b of the Technical Annex) / Bermudan Barrier 
Condition (paragraph II.D.1.c of the Technical Annex) / 
American Barrier Condition (paragraph II.D.1.d of the 
Technical Annex) / Reference Date Condition (paragraph

--- Page 481 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
481 
 
II.D.1.e of the Technical Annex) / refer to the Technical 
Annex to the Final Terms] 
(b) 
Automatic Early Valuation Date: 
[⚫] 
(c) 
Automatic Early Settlement 
Amount: 
[In accordance with Condition 1(a) / Fixed Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.B.1 of the Technical Annex) / Bond 
Backed Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.2 of the 
Technical Annex) / Delta One Settlement Amount (paragraph 
VI.B.3 of the Technical Annex) / Indexed Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.B.4 of the Technical Annex) / Conditional 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.5 of the Technical 
Annex) / Composite Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.6 of 
the Technical Annex) / Combined Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.B.7 of the Technical Annex)] [insert the 
applicable formula in case of Exempt Securities] 
(d) 
Automatic Early Settlement 
Date(s) : 
[⚫] 
(e) 
Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Settlement][Cash and/or Physical 
Settlement] 
27. 
Settlement Option at the Issuer's discretion 
(Condition 5.4): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, ensure compliance with 
the Communication FSMA_2017_04 dated 30 January 2017) 
(a) 
Optional Settlement Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Reference Date for the Issuer : 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(c) 
Optional Settlement Amount(s) : 
[In accordance with Condition 1(a) / Fixed Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.B.1 of the Technical Annex) / Bond 
Backed Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.2 of the 
Technical Annex) / Delta One Settlement Amount (paragraph 
VI.B.3 of the Technical Annex) / Indexed Settlement 
Amount (paragraph VI.B.4 of the Technical Annex) / 
Conditional Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.5 of the 
Technical 
Annex) 
/ 
Composite 
Settlement 
Amount 
(paragraph VI.B.6 of the Technical Annex) / Combined 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.7 of the Technical 
Annex)] [insert the applicable formula in case of Exempt 
Securities] 
(d) 
Partial Settlement: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
(i) Minimum Principal Amount 
Payable: 
[⚫] 
(ii) Maximum Principal Amount 
Payable : 
[⚫]

--- Page 482 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
482 
 
(e) 
Notice period (if different from 
the period specified in the 
Conditions) : 
[Not applicable / [⚫] days (if different than as set out in the 
Conditions) 
(f) 
Option Trigger: 
[Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraph)] 
(i)        Option Threshold Trigger: 
[⚫] / In accordance with Condition 1(a)  
(g) 
Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Settlement][Cash and/or Physical 
Settlement] 
28. 
Settlement 
Option 
at 
the 
Holder's 
discretion (Condition 5.5): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Optional Settlement Date(s) : 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Reference Date for the Holder: 
[⚫] / Not applicable 
(c) 
Optional Settlement Amount(s) : 
[In accordance with Condition 1 /Fixed Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.B.1 of the Technical Annex) / Bond Backed 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.2 of the Technical 
Annex) / Delta One Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.3 of 
the 
Technical 
Annex)/ 
Indexed 
Settlement 
Amount 
(paragraph VI.B.4 of the Technical Annex)/ Conditional 
Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.5 of the Technical 
Annex) / Composite Settlement Amount (paragraph VI.B.6 
of the Technical Annex) / Combined Settlement Amount 
(paragraph VI.B.7 of the Technical Annex)] [insert the 
applicable formula in case of Exempt Securities] 
(d) 
Notice period: 
[[Not applicable] / [[⚫] days] / [As per Condition 5.5] 
(e) 
Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Settlement][Cash and/or Physical 
Settlement 
29. 
Early Settlement by the Issuer as a result of 
an Event 
 
(a) 
Unwind Costs 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be “Not 
applicable” 
(b) 
Essential Trigger 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be 
“Applicable” 
(c) 
Market Value 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be 
“Applicable”

--- Page 483 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
483 
 
(d) 
Highest Value 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be 
“Applicable” 
If Highest Value is applicable:  
[Protected Amount: [⚫]] 
(e) 
Monetisation Option 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
This may only be “Applicable” for offers to consumers in 
Belgium 
If Monetisation Option is applicable:  
[Protected Amount: [⚫]] 
30. 
Information relating to Settlement by 
Instalments (Condition 5.3): 
[Not applicable / Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s) : 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s) : 
[⚫] 
31. 
Information relating to Partly Paid Bonds 
(Condition 5.19): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[if applicable insert amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price, date(s) on which each payment is to be made and 
consequences of failure to pay.] 
(a) 
Part Payment Amount(s): 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Part Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] 
MARKET DISRUPTION AND ADJUSTMENTS 
32. 
Capitalised Fair Market Value Option 
(Conditions 5.7 to 5.16): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] / (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraph)] 
Capitalisation Rate applicable to the 
Capitalised Fair Market Value: 
[⚫] / Exane EUR Capitalized Monetary Index published on 
Bloomberg under the ticker EXDMEURC Index 
33. 
Adjustment Methods 
Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Share 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost 
of Hedging) / Related Exchange Method / Calculation Agent 
Method / Calculation Agent Method (excluding Hedging 
Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging) / Settlement 
Method  
(b) 
Index 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost 
of Hedging) /Related Exchange Method / Calculation Agent 
Method / Calculation Agent Method (excluding Hedging

--- Page 484 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
484 
 
Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging) / Settlement 
Method  
(c) 
Commodities 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost 
of Hedging) / Related Exchange Method / Calculation Agent 
Method / Calculation Agent Method (excluding Hedging 
Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging) / Settlement 
Method 
(d) 
Funds 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost 
of Hedging) / Calculation Agent Method / Calculation Agent 
Method (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging) / Settlement Method  
(e) 
Futures Contract 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost 
of Hedging) / Calculation Agent Method / Calculation Agent 
Method (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging) / Settlement Method  
(f) 
Listed Options 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost 
of Hedging) / Calculation Agent Method / Calculation Agent 
Method (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging) / Settlement Method  
(g) 
Exchange Rate 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost 
of Hedging) / Calculation Agent Method / Calculation Agent 
Method (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging) / Settlement Method  
(h) 
Reference Rate 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost 
of Hedging) / Calculation Agent Method / Calculation Agent 
Method (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging) / Settlement Method 
(i) 
Debt Instrument 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost 
of Hedging) / Related Exchange Method / Calculation Agent 
Method / Calculation Agent Method (excluding Hedging 
Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging) / Liquidation 
Method : [the Debt Instrument Liquidation Value as 
determined by using formula of the Technical Annex to the 
2020 Base Prospectus]/[as per Condition 5.15(c)(i)(c)(i)] / 
Settlement Method  
(j) 
Dynamic Portfolio 
All / All (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost 
of Hedging) / Calculation Agent Method / Calculation Agent 
Method (excluding Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging) / Settlement Method 
PLEDGING OF SECURITIES ACCOUNT

--- Page 485 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
485 
 
34. 
Additional guarantee in the form of a 
securities account pledge (Condition 3.3): 
[A copy of the Statement of Pledge / A copy of the 
Acknowledgement of Pledge may be obtained from the 
Pledge Account Custodian / Not Applicable] (if not 
applicable delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Pledge Account Custodian: 
[⚫]/[BNP Paribas Securities Services - 3, Rue d’Antin – 
75002 Paris – France / [Other – Please Specify] 
(b) Eligible Financial Instruments: 
[⚫] 
(c) Secured Debt : 
Each payment obligation and liability due under the Bonds, 
whether present or future, actual, contingent or owed jointly 
or severally (or any other capacity whatsoever), within the 
limits of the mark to market of the Bonds without Issuer 
spread 
(d) Quantity of Eligible Financial 
Instruments :  
[Applicable / Not applicable] / [⚫] 
(e) Fixed Pledge Value  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(f) 
Minimum Pledge Value per Bond: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(g) Pledge Calculation Date: 
[⚫] 
(h) Composition of the Pledged 
Account: 
(Applicable in case of a Tranche n°1, or of subsequent 
Tranche for which no Eligible Financial Instruments are 
added, otherwise not applicable) [On the Issue Date the 
Pledged Account is as specified in the table below] / [⚫] / 
[Not applicable] 
(i) 
Eligible Financial Instruments added 
on the Pledged Account: 
(Applicable in case of Tranche n°2 and subsequent for which 
some Eligible Financial Instruments are added, otherwise not 
applicable) [On the Issue Date, the Eligible Financial 
Instruments added on the Pledged Account are as specified in 
the table below] / [Not applicable] / [⚫] 
OTHER GENERAL PROVISIONS  
35. 
Form of the Bonds (Condition 2.2): 
[Not applicable] (if not applicable, delete the following 
paragraphs)] 
(a) Form of the Bonds: 
[Bearer/Administered registered/Pure registered] 
(b) Registrar: 
[Not applicable / (if applicable provide the name and contact 
details– (Note that a Registrar must be nominated for Bonds 
in pure registered form))]

--- Page 486 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
486 
 
36. 
Additional Financial Market(s) (Condition 
7.4): 
[Not applicable / (specify if applicable – this point concerns 
the place of payment)] 
37. 
Provisions 
governing 
redenomination, 
changes 
in 
Nominal 
Value 
and 
conventions (Condition 2.5): 
[Not applicable / The provisions of Condition 2.5 apply] 
38. 
Date of authorisation of the issue: 
[⚫] 
39. 
Representative of the Masse: 
 
• 
Contact details of the Representative: 
[⚫] 
• 
Remuneration of the Representative: 
[⚫] 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor 
EXANE FINANCE 
EXANE DERIVATIVES 
[⚫] 
[⚫]

--- Page 487 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
487 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING  
(a) 
Listing application and admission to trading: [Not applicable / Application has been made by the 
Issuer (or on his behalf) for the Bonds to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / the 
professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / the Euro MTF 
Market / the professional segment of the Euro MTF market / [⚫]] with effect from [⚫]. No assurance 
can be given that the listing and admission to trading of the Securities will be authorised.] 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission to trading: [Not applicable/ (if applicable, specify the 
amount)]19 
 
2. 
Rating  
[The Bonds to be issued [have] / [have not] been rated:  
[Moody’s France SAS :  [⚫] 
Other:  
 
[⚫] 
Moody’s France SAS is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011) (the “CRA Regulation”), as it appears on the list published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs). 
 
3. 
Third Party Information  
Not applicable/(if applicable) : 
Information contained in the Final Terms that is sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced 
and, as far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain from information published by 
the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. The Issuer has also identified the source(s) of such information. 
4. 
Conflicts of Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in The Issue / Offer 
[Save as discussed in the “Potential conflicts of interest” and “potential conflicts of interest in connection with 
Proprietary Indices” paragraph in the “Risk Factors”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Bonds has an interest material to the offer/ (specify if a conflict of interests exists).] 
5. 
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds: [The net proceeds from each issue of Securities will be 
applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. A substantial portion of the proceeds from 
each issue of Securities will be used to establish various hedging financial instruments in respect of 
such Securities. / (if other, specify)] 
(b) 
Estimated total expenses: [Not applicable / (if applicable, specify)] 
 
19 will apply if the minimum nominal value is at least  €100,000

--- Page 488 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
488 
 
(c) 
Estimated net proceeds: [Not applicable / (if applicable, specify)] 
(d) 
Estimated net proceeds and use of Proceeds for wholesale Securities: [Not applicable (if applicable, 
specify)]20 
6. 
Fixed Rate Securities Only – Yield 
Not Applicable/Applicable: 
Yield: (specify)] 
[(only applicable to offers to the public in France): Yield spread of [specify]% compared to French OAT 
(obligations assimilables du Trésor) of similar maturity. 
7. 
Floating Rate Securities Only – Historical Interest Rate  
Not applicable/Applicable: 
Historical information on EURIBOR, LIBOR, and CMS rates may be obtained from [Reuters]. 
8. 
Placement and Subscription 
[As of the Issue Date, it is not expected that any placement fees will be payable to third parties in connection 
with this Bonds. / Exane Derivatives pays a fee to third parties in connection with the placement of these 
Bonds in the form of either commission or an amount equal to the difference between the subscription price for 
the Bonds and the price payable by investors. / Exane Derivatives may receive a placement fee from [a] third 
party(ies). / [Exane Derivatives will pay a fee equal to [●] to third parties in connection with the placement of 
these Bonds]./ [●] / Further information on the amount of any fees [paid/ received] are available upon request 
from Exane Derivatives (6 rue Ménars – 75002 Paris - France).] 
9. 
Source of Information about the Past and the Future Performance of the Underlying(s) and its 
Volatility, Explanation of Effect on Value of Investment and Associated 
[Give a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by the 
Underlying(s) and the circumstances when the risks are most evident]. 
Information concerning the Underlying(s) can be found on [Bloomberg/Reuters/(website of Company if the 
underlying is a share/ website of the Sponsor if the underlying is an index / other source of information)]. 
Information about the past and the future performance of the Underlying(s) and their volatility may be 
obtained in electronic format from the Calculation Agent. 
 
10. 
Practical Information  
 
[Central 
depositary]/[Common 
depositary]/[Other depositary] : 
[Euroclear France 
115, rue Réaumur – 75002 Paris – France] 
 
[specify the name and address of the common depositary 
or other depositary] 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
 
20 will apply if the minimum nominal value is at least  €100,000

--- Page 489 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
489 
 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
Telekurs Code and other code(s) : 
[⚫] 
Paying Agent(s) details : 
[Not applicable / (if applicable provide the details of the 
relevant Paying Agent(s) other than the Principal Paying 
Agent)] 
Fees: 
[Not applicable / (fees charged to investors after the issue 
and whilst the Bond remains in force)] 
Other 
[Disclaimer of the Index[ies]/ [⚫]] 
11. 
[Placement] 
 
[Name of Dealer : 
[Exane Derivatives (according to the Underwriting 
Agreement dated as of 23 June 2017)] 
6 rue Ménars – 75002 Paris – France / if other, specify)] 
Syndication 
The Bonds will be distributed on a [non-] syndicated 
basis. 
[if syndicated, specify names of the Dealers] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known to 
the Issuer, of the placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
 
[The Authorised Institutions identified in Paragraph 12 
of Part B and identifiable from the Base Prospectus / None 
/ give details] 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the 
global offer and of single parts of the offer21: 
[⚫] 
 
Name and address of any paying agents and 
depository agents in each country (in addition to 
the Principal Paying Agent): 
[⚫] 
 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a 
firm commitment basis, and entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or 
under "best efforts" arrangements: 
 
[⚫] 
 
When the placement/underwriting agreement has 
been or will be reached:] 
[⚫] 
12. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
 
21 Where not all the issue is underwritten

--- Page 490 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
490 
 
13. 
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers in Belgium 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
14. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
Statement on Benchmarks 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Bonds are 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[insert 
name[s] 
of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert name[s] 
of the administrator[s][as specified in the table below] – if 
more than one specify in relation to each relevant 
benchmark]. 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
Administrators 
and 
Benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
[(the "BMR")].] [as specified in the table below]. [repeat 
as necessary]]]" 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name of 
Benchmark[s]]/[the [relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] not 
fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of 
the BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
BMR apply, such that the [relevant] Administrator is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation/registration[, as 
specified in the table below].] [repeat as necessary or 
insert necessary information in a table below]] 
[Benchmark Administrator Register Other Information 
[]        []      []       []] 
[Not applicable]] 
15. 
Non-exempt Offer 
Not applicable / A Non-exempt Offer of the Bonds may 
be made by [the Dealer] [and any Authorised Institutions 
below mentioned] [and any financial intermediaries to 
whom the Issuer gives a General Consent] in the Public 
Offer Jurisdiction(s) during the Offer Period as specified 
below / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the sub-
paragraphs below) 
[Public Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
[⚫] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject:  
Applicable / Not applicable / (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraph) 
Total amount of the issue/offer. If the amount is not fixed, 
description of the arrangements and time for announcing 
to the public the definitive amount of the offer: 
[⚫] 
Offer Period, including any possible amendments, during 
which the offer will be open and description of the 
[⚫]

--- Page 491 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
491 
 
subscription procedure: 
Possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner for 
refunding excess amounts paid by subscribers: 
[⚫] 
Minimum and/or maximum amount of subscription, 
(whether in number of Bonds aggregate amount to 
invest) : 
[⚫] 
Consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus during 
the Offer Period: 
Applicable / Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraph) 
Specific Consent 
Not applicable / Applicable for any Authorised Institution 
specified below 
General Consent  
Not applicable / Applicable 
Authorised Institution(s)  
Not applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the financial 
intermediaries nominated by the Issuer to act as 
Authorised Institution(s) 
Additional conditions relating to consent of the Issuer to 
use the Base Prospectus: 
Not applicable / specify any additional condition relating 
to consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for 
delivery of the notes: 
[⚫] 
Manner in and date on which results of the offer are to be 
made public : 
[⚫] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of subscription rights and 
treatment of unexercised subscription rights: 
[⚫] 
If the offer is being made simultaneously on the markets 
of several countries, and if a tranche has been or is 
reserved for some of them, specify which tranche: 
 
 
[⚫] 
Process for notification to subscribers of the amount 
allotted to them and indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[⚫] 
Offer Price: 
[The Issuer has offered the Securities to the Dealer at the 
initial issue price of [specify] less a total commission of 
[specify]. OR (or if the price has not been fixed at the date 
of the Final Terms) The issue price of the Securities shall 
be determined by the Issuer and the Dealer on or around 
[specify], in accordance with market conditions prevailing 
at the relevant time, including [supply and demand for the 
Securities and other similar securities] [and] [the 
prevailing market price of [specify the relevant reference 
security, if applicable].]

--- Page 492 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
492 
 
Amount of all fees and taxes specifically invoiced to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[⚫]] 
16. 
Additional 
U.S. 
Federal 
Income 
Tax 
Considerations: 
[The Bonds are [not] Specified Securities for purposes of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986. [Additional information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) to the Bonds will be available at [give 
name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact].]] (The Bonds 
will not be Specified Securities if they (i) are issued prior 
to January 1, 2018 and provide a return that differs 
significantly from the return on an investment in the 
underlying or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any 
index that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities. If the Bonds are issued on or after January 1, 
2018 and reference a U.S. equity or an index that contains 
a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or 
indirect exposure to U.S. equities, further analysis would 
be required. If the Bonds are Specified Securities, include 
the “Additional information” sentence and provide the 
appropriate contact information at the Issuer.)]

--- Page 493 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
493 
 
[TECHNICAL ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS] 
The present Technical Annex includes the necessary parameters to the use of the pay-off formulas (each, a Pay-Off 
Formula) used in Part A (Contractual Terms) of the Final Terms in order to determine an interest amount, an early 
settlement amount or a final settlement amount payable on a Security.  
All the information set out in this Technical Annex to the Final Terms refers to the calculation formulae and the concept 
as the Pay-Off Formulae, the Underlying Values, the Values and the Applicable Conditions use in the Technical Annex 
to the 2021 Base Prospectus[, as supplemented].] 
(insert the pay off formulae)

--- Page 494 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
494 
 
[SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF THE DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO]  
(Issuer to annex specific methodology to the final terms)

--- Page 495 ---
Form of the Final Terms  
495 
 
[ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
(Issuer to annex specific summary to the final terms)

--- Page 496 ---
496 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisations  
 
In respect of the Issuer’s corporate purpose, in accordance with its articles of association and the provisions of article 
L. 228-40 of the French commercial code, the meeting of the board of directors of the Issuer on 22 December 2020 
authorised, for a period of one year, the issue of debt securities. The board of directors of the Issuer has given all powers 
to the Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer, to adopt the conditions and to issue the Securities in the conditions set by 
the present decision. 
Exane Guarantee  
In accordance with article L. 225-35 of the French commercial code, on 12 September 2017 the management of Exane 
Derivatives renewed the guarantee in favour of Holders of debt securities (bonds and certificates) and warrants issued 
by Exane Finance. 
Approval, listing and admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also be made to 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities issued under this Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes on the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). Application has also been made for the Securities (including the Exempt 
Securities) to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market, which is a market operated by the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Passport 
The CSSF has been requested to provide the Autorité des marchés financiers in France with a certificate of approval 
certifying that this Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation with the CSSF as 
competent authority in Luxembourg for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Securities clearing  
The Securities issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus have been admitted to the operations of Euroclear France, 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. They may also be accepted for clearing through any other settlement-delivery 
system or depositary (such as SIX SIS SA in Switzerland). The subscription, purchase, sale and exercise of the 
Securities may be performed only with an account registration in accordance with the operating rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other applicable settlement-delivery system or 
depositary (as applicable). 
The ISIN code for each Series of Securities shall be indicated in the Final Terms. 
Disputes 
Over the last 12 months, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have 
had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer or on the Guarantor and/or on the group's financial position or 
profitability.

--- Page 497 ---
497 
 
No Material adverse change  
There have been no material adverse changes modifying the prospects of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the closing 
date of the last financial year (31 December 2020). 
No significant change 
No significant change has occurred in the financial position and trading position of the Group since the last financial 
statements established on 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the ast financial statements 
established on 31 December 2020. 
Availability of documents 
As long as Securities remain outstanding, copies of the following documents may be obtained free of charge on request, 
during business hours, from the designated establishment of the Issuer or the Guarantor and from each paying agent, 
i.e.:  
(a) 
the Issuer's articles of association; 
(b) 
the Guarantor's articles of association; 
(c) 
the Exane Guarantee;  
(d) 
the Issuer's 2019 and 2020 audited annual accounts; 
(e) 
the Guarantor’s 2019 and 2020 audited annual accounts; 
(f) 
the Base Prospectus and any Supplement; 
(g) 
the Bonds Issuance Programme unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane Derivatives dated as of 
16 October 2013;  
(h) 
the Bonds Issuance Programme unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane Derivatives dated as of 
14 October 2014; 
(i) 
the Bonds Issuance Programme unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane Derivatives dated as of 
14 October 2015; 
(j) 
the Bonds Issuance Programme unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane Derivatives dated as of 
14 October 2016; 
(k) 
the First Supplement to the 2016 Base Prospectus dated 20 June 2017; 
(l) 
the Bonds Issuance Programme unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane Derivatives dated as of 
13 October 2017; 
(m) 
the Bonds Issuance Programme unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane Derivatives dated as of 
12 October 2018; 
(n) 
the Bonds Issuance Programme unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane Derivatives dated as of 
18 July 2019; 
(o) 
the Bonds Issuance Programme unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Exane Derivatives dated as of 
17 July 2020;

--- Page 498 ---
498 
 
(p) 
the First Supplement to the 2020 Base Prospectus dated 09 December 2020 
 
In addition, copies of these documents will be published on the website of the Issuer at www.exane.com. 
Conditions for determining price 
In relation to each separate issue of Securities, the Final Terms of such Securities will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer in accordance with prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of the Securities and will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to the underlyings, except as required by 
any applicable laws and regulations. 
Third Party Information 
Information contained in this Base Prospectus that is sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced and, as 
far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third 
party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer 
has also identified the source(s) of such information. 
Yield 
 
In respect of any Tranche of Fixed Rate Securities, an indication of the expected yield on the Securities shall be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield shall be calculated on the Issue Date of the Securities based on the 
Issue Price. The specified yield shall be calculated as being the yield to maturity on the Issue Date of the Securities and 
shall not be an indication of future yields.

--- Page 499 ---
499 
 
DECLARATION OF RESPONSIBILITY 
PERSONS ASSUMING RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case the information contained in the Base Prospectus is, to 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely 
to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept joint responsibility for the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
The Issuer 
 
The Guarantor 
EXANE FINANCE 
EXANE DERIVATIVES 
 ........................................................  
 ........................................................  
Benoît CATHERINE 
Dominique Aubernon 
Chief Executing Officer - Exane Group 
Chairman and Chief Executing Officer – Exane Group

--- Page 500 ---
500 
 
ISSUER 
Exane Finance 
6, rue Ménars  
75002 Paris 
France 
GUARANTOR 
Exane Derivatives 
6, rue Ménars 
75002 Paris 
France 
DEALER 
Exane Derivatives 
6, rue Ménars 
75002 Paris 
France 
 
PAYING AGENT IN SWITZERLAND 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Zurich 
Selnaustrasse 16 
8002 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND PAYING AGENT IN PARIS 
Exane Derivatives 
6, rue Ménars 
75002 Paris 
France 
 
PLEDGED ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN AND SETTLEMENT CONFIRMATION AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Grands Moulins de Pantin, 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France

--- Page 501 ---
501 
 
LISTING AGENT IN LUXEMBOURG 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duché du Luxembourg 
CALCULATION AGENT 
 
Exane Derivatives 
 
6, rue Ménars 
75002 Paris 
France 
Contact : Cherifa Attou 
Email :  mo_derives_structures@exane.com 
Tel.: + 33 1 42 99 25 13 
Télécopie : + 33 1 56 69 01 38