--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE 
UNITED STATES EXCEPT TO QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS (AS DEFINED BELOW). 
 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the base 
prospectus following this page, and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading, 
accessing or making any other use of the base prospectus. In accessing the base prospectus, you agree 
to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you 
receive any information from us as a result of such access. 
 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER, AND IN 
PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON (WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”)) 
OR TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS PROVIDED HEREIN. ANY FORWARDING, 
DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS 
UNAUTHORIZED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
 
This base prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose 
possession this base prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction 
in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorized to, deliver this base prospectus to any 
other person. By accepting this email and accessing the base prospectus, you shall be deemed to have 
confirmed and represented to us that (a) you have understood and agree to the terms set out herein, (b) 
you consent to delivery of the base prospectus by electronic transmission and (c) you are either (i) not a 
U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) nor acting for the account or 
benefit of a U.S. person and the electronic mail address that you have given to us and to which this e-mail 
has been delivered is not located in the United States, its territories and possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands) or 
the District of Columbia or (ii) a “qualified institutional buyer” within the meaning of Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act. 
 
This base prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently none of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec (the “Issuer” or the “Federation”), 
the dealers, any person who controls any of them or any director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate of 
any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between 
the base prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on 
request from the dealers.

--- Page 2 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated 20 December 2021 
 
 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec 
 
(Incorporated under the laws of the Province of Québec, Canada) 
 
€7,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of 
Senior Notes with maturities of between three months and 30 years 
and Subordinated Notes 
 
On 15 April 1992, La Caisse centrale Desjardins du Québec ("CCDQ") entered into a Euro Medium Term Note Programme which later became a  Global 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) on January 18, 2011. On 1 January 2017,  the Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec (the 
"Federation" or the "Issuer")  replaced CCDQ as issuer under the  Programme.  This Base Prospectus supersedes any previous offering circulars and 
supplements thereto prepared in connection with the Programme.  Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued 
subject to the provisions herein. This Base Prospectus is valid until 19 December 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus does not affect 
any Notes already issued by CCDQ or the Issuer under the Programme. 
Under the Programme, the Federation may from time to time, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, issue Global Medium 
Term Notes (the "Notes") payable in any currency agreed by the Federation and the relevant Dealer (as defined herein). Notes to be issued under the Programme 
may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form ("Registered Notes") and may comprise (i) unsubordinated Notes ("Senior Notes") or (ii) 
subordinated Notes ("Subordinated Notes"). Senior Notes will have maturities of between three months and 30 years, and the maximum aggregate nominal 
amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed €7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) calculated as summarised herein and 
described in more detail in the Programme Agreement (as defined below). 
The Notes are not insured by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, under the Deposit Institutions and Deposit Protection Act (Québec) 
(as amended from time to time, the "Deposit Institutions Act") or the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act or by any governmental agency. In 
accordance with the Prescribed Debt Regulations (as defined below), Senior Notes that are perpetual or have a maturity of more than 400 days 
(including explicit or embedded extension options) and that are assigned an international securities identification number (ISIN) or other similar 
designation for the purposes of trading and settlement and that are specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) as Bail-inable Notes (the "Bail-inable Notes"), will be subject to the resolution powers (the "Resolution Powers") of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers (Québec) (the "AMF") in the event of the resolution of the Federation, which may result in, among other things, 
the conversion of all or part of such Bail-inable Notes into contributed capital securities of the Federation (such as Class Z-Contingent Capital shares), 
of a deposit-taking institution that is part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins or of a legal person constituted or resulting from an 
amalgamation/continuance or other conversion carried out for the purposes of the resolution of the Federation (the "Bail-in Conversion" or the "Bail-
in Powers") pursuant to Section 40.50 of the Deposit Institutions Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder (including, among others, the 
Regulation respecting the Classes of Negotiable and Transferable Unsecured Debts and the Issuance of such Debts and of Shares (Québec)) 
(the "Prescribed Debt Regulations"). The Notes constitute unconditional liabilities of the Federation, subject in the case of Bail-inable Notes to the 
exercise of the Bail-in Powers. All Notes issued prior to 31 March 2019 are not Bail-inable Notes. On 8 December 2021, Bill 3, An Act to amend various 
legislative provisions mainly with respect to the financial sector ("Bill 3"), was sanctioned and came into force.  Among other things, Bill 3 has 
amended the Deposit Institutions Act to remove the AMF’s previous power to write-off part or all of any Bail-inable Note. See statements and 
discussions under "Important – Investors in Bail-inable Notes" on page viii, the risk factor entitled "Changes in regulations and related matters

--- Page 3 ---
-ii- 
 
(including recapitalization regime for domestic systemically important banks and deposit-taking institutions)" on page 11 and the risk factors relating 
to Bail-inable Notes under "Risks related to all Notes" and "Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes", starting on pages 18 and 24, 
respectively, of this Base Prospectus for further information.  
Subordinated Notes to be issued under the Programme will be NVCC Subordinated Notes (as defined in Condition 3(b) of the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Bearer Notes" and Condition 4(b) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Registered Notes" on pages 100 and 279, respectively of this Base Prospectus) that will 
automatically and immediately convert ("Automatic Conversion") into Class Z Shares of the Federation upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event. 
For the definition of Class Z Shares and Non-Viability Trigger Event and, in addition, detailed information on Automatic Conversion, see Condition 3(b) and 
Condition 6 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" on pages 100 and 149 of this Base Prospectus and Condition 4(b) and Condition 7 of the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Registered Notes" on pages 229 and 283 of this Base Prospectus. See the risk factors related to NVCC Subordinated Notes under "Risks 
related to all Notes" and "Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes", starting on pages 18 and 24, respectively, of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes will be issued to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme and the Notes" (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers", which expression shall include any additional entity appointed as a Dealer under the Programme from time to time either in respect of the Programme 
or for a specific issue) on a continuing basis. 
The minimum denomination of the Notes other than Exempt Notes (as defined below) shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). Unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement, the minimum denomination for (i) Registered Notes offered 
in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A ("Rule 144A") under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") 
only shall be not less than US$200,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), and (ii) Registered Notes offered under Rule 144A and Regulation S ("Regulation 
S") under the Securities Act shall be not less than US$200,000 (or an amount in a Specified Currency that is not U.S. dollars, which is not less than €100,000 or 
the equivalent thereof at the date of issue of the Notes).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates 
only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") (a "Regulated Market") 
and/or which are offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area  in circumstances where there is an exemption from the obligation 
under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus for offers of securities to the public in Member States of the European Economic Area. This Base 
Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and has been prepared for the purpose of giving information with regard 
to the issue of Notes under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of its publication. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme (other 
than Exempt Notes) to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes (other than Exempt Notes) being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean such Notes have been 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a Regulated Market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation or will be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation options as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (as amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). In this case, a statement will be included 
in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in the European Securities 
and Markets Authority's ("ESMA") register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Certain "benchmarks" may not fall within 
the scope of the regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the regulation and transitional provisions in Article 51 of the regulation may apply to certain other 
"benchmarks", such that at the date of the relevant Final Terms the administrator of the "benchmark" is not required to be included in the register of 
administrators.  The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the relevant administrator. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area   and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under 
the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Exempt Notes. 
See "Risk Factors" on pages 1 through 56 for a discussion of certain risks that should be considered in connection with an investment in certain 
types of Notes which may be offered under the Programme. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. The Notes offered in accordance with Rule 144A (the "Rule 144A Notes") and 
Regulation S (the "Regulation S Notes") may not be offered or sold within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (within the meaning 
of Regulation S) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, (i) the 
Regulation S Notes are being offered only in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act and (ii) the Rule 
144A Notes are being offered only to "qualified institutional buyers" in reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act. See "Form of the Notes" for a description 
of the manner in which Notes will be issued. The Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer: see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". The Bearer Notes may also be subject to U.S. tax law requirements.

--- Page 4 ---
-iii- 
 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), the securities commission of 
any State or other jurisdiction in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or 
endorsed the merits of the offering of the Notes or the accuracy or adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal 
offence in the United States. 
 
 
 
 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
Commerzbank  
Credit Suisse 
DZ BANK AG 
J.P. Morgan  
NATIXIS  
RBC Capital Markets  
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB  
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
Morgan Stanley  
NatWest Markets  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 5 ---
- iv - 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of, interest payable in respect of, the issue price of, and any 
other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to, each Tranche (as defined herein) 
of Notes will be set forth in one or more final terms documents (the "Final Terms") or in a drawdown 
prospectus specific to such Notes (the "Drawdown Prospectus"), or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing 
supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") as described under "Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus". The Final Terms with respect to Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be delivered to the Central Bank and Euronext 
Dublin on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche and, if required, a Drawdown Prospectus 
will be approved by the Central Bank and published by the Issuer on or before the date of admission of 
trading of such Notes to the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) and copies of each Final 
Terms for Notes (i) can be viewed on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com (under the 
name of the Issuer) and (ii) will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Bearer Fiscal Agent 
(as defined herein) and the Registered Fiscal Agent (as defined herein) during normal business hours and 
upon reasonable notice and for collection free of charge from the head office of the Federation in Lévis, 
Québec. 
The credit ratings of the Programme have been assigned by Moody's Canada Inc. ("Moody's 
Canada"), by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Canada, a business unit of S&P 
Global Canada Corp. ("S&P Canada"), by DBRS Limited ("DBRS") and by Fitch Ratings, Inc. ("Fitch") and 
the credit ratings of the Issuer's debt referred to on page xv have been assigned by Moody's Canada, S&P 
Canada, DBRS and Fitch. None of these rating agencies is established in the EU or the United Kingdom or 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or, in relation 
to the United Kingdom, such regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA (as defined below) (the "United Kingdom CRA Regulation"). However, Moody's Deutschland 
GmbH., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, DBRS Ratings GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which 
are established and registered in the EU, have endorsed the ratings of Moody's Canada, S&P Canada, 
DBRS and Fitch, respectively, for purposes of the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's Investors Service Limited, 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, DBRS Ratings Limited and  Fitch Ratings Limited, which are established 
and registered in the United Kingdom, have endorsed the same ratings for purposes of the United Kingdom 
CRA Regulation.  See "Important Notices – Credit Ratings" and "The Federation - Ratings". 
The Bearer Notes of each issue will either initially be represented by a temporary global Note or, if 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (only in the cases where otherwise permitted by 
applicable United States law), be represented, as at the issue date thereof, by a permanent global Note 
which will be deposited with (a) if the global Note is intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and (b) if the global Note is intended to be issued 
in classic global note ("CGN") form, a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or such other clearing system as otherwise agreed, as further described under "Form of 
the Notes". Interests in a temporary global Note will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent global 
Note upon customary certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interests in a permanent global Note 
will be exchangeable in limited circumstances specified therein for definitive Notes only in the manner and 
upon compliance with the procedures described in "Form of the Notes" or as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 6 ---
- v - 
Registered Notes sold in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act will be issued in the form of 
"Regulation S Global Notes", while Registered Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act will be issued in the form of "Rule 144A Global Notes" (together, the "Global Registered Notes"). If 
a Regulation S Global Note is held under the new safekeeping structure for registered global securities (the 
"NSS"), the Regulation S Global Note will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant 
Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the 
name of a nominee for the Common Safekeeper (a "Euro Regulation S Global Note"). Rule 144A Global 
Notes and any Regulation S Global Notes not held under the NSS (a "DTC Regulation S Global Note") 
will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee for, The Depositary Trust 
Company ("DTC"). Alternatively, Regulation S Global Notes not held under the NSS may be deposited with 
a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. Registered Notes will be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
The Federation may agree with any Dealer (as defined herein) that Notes may be issued in a form and 
with terms and conditions not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which 
event a Drawdown Prospectus, if appropriate, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a Pricing Supplement which 
sets out such revised and terms and conditions as aforesaid will be made available which will describe the 
effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 7 ---
- vi - 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This document does not constitute a prospectus for purposes of (i) Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the “EUWA”) or (ii) Section 12(a)(2) of, or any other provision 
of or rule under, the Securities Act. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for each relevant Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and  makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any Supplements (as defined below) 
hereto as may be approved by the Central Bank from time to time and with all documents which are 
incorporated herein or therein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in 
relation to any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that 
such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This document supersedes the prospectus of the Federation dated 19 February 2021, except 
that Notes issued on or after the date of this document which are to be consolidated and form a 
single series with Notes of the Federation or CCDQ issued prior to the date hereof will be subject 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes applicable on the date of issue for the first tranche of 
Notes of such series. Those Terms and Conditions are incorporated by reference in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". The Issuer does not intend 
to re-open a Series of Notes where such re-opening would have the effect of making the relevant 
Notes of such Series subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers.  
Save for the Federation, no other party has separately verified all of the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and 
no responsibility is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of all of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Federation 
in connection with this Base Prospectus or the Notes. The Dealers accept no liability in relation to 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Federation in connection with this Base Prospectus or the Notes. The Dealers expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Federation and its subsidiaries during 
the life of the Programme. 
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with this Base Prospectus or the Notes. None of the Federation, the Arranger or any 
Dealer takes any responsibility for, or provides any assurance as to the reliability of, any information 
supplied or represented by any other person in connection with the Base Prospectus or any Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, nor any information incorporated herein by reference nor any 
other information supplied in connection with this Base Prospectus or the Notes should be 
considered as recommendations by the Federation or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this

--- Page 8 ---
- vii - 
Base Prospectus, or any information incorporated herein by reference or any other information 
supplied in connection with this Base Prospectus or the Notes, should purchase any of the Notes.  
Each investor contemplating purchasing any of the Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of 
the Federation. Neither this Base Prospectus, nor any information incorporated herein by reference 
nor any other information supplied in connection with this Base Prospectus or the Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Federation or any of the Dealers to any 
person to purchase any of the Notes. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained 
herein concerning the Federation is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any 
other information supplied in connection with this Base Prospectus or the Notes is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and the 
offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. In particular, no action 
has been taken by the Federation or any Dealer that would permit a public offering of the Notes. 
Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation and any other applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all 
offers and sales by them will be on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus, any Notes or any other offering material come must inform themselves about, and 
respect, any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of the Base Prospectus, Final Terms, Pricing 
Supplements and other offering material in relation to the Notes in Canada, the United States, the 
European Economic Area (including Belgium, France, Italy and the Netherlands), the United 
Kingdom, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore and Switzerland see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions" below. Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized nor to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") (each a "Relevant  Member State") will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer 
in a Relevant Member State of any Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorized, nor do they 
authorize, the making of any offer of any Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 9 ---
- viii - 
IMPORTANT – INVESTORS IN BAIL-INABLE NOTES 
The Prescribed Debt Regulations require the Federation to caution investors in Bail-inable 
Notes as follows:  
 
"Conversion Measures 
In the event of the resolution of a cooperative group, the AMF may exercise several powers, 
including those conferred upon it under section 40.50 of the Deposit Institutions Act. 
The AMF is responsible for resolution operations. In accordance with section 40.9 of the 
Deposit Institutions Act, the objective of such operations is to ensure the sustainability of 
a cooperative group's deposit institution activities despite its failure and without recourse 
to public funds. 
Based on the circumstances and the situation, the AMF will use its best efforts, when it 
exercises the powers conferred upon it under section 40.50 of the Deposit Institutions Act, 
to ensure fair treatment among the holders of debts and shares referred to in that section. 
In this regard, measures such as the following may be implemented by the AMF: 
(i) respect the respective ranks of the debts and shares referred to in section 40.50 of 
the Deposit Institutions Act that are still in existence, which ranks may be 
determined 
as 
if 
the 
cooperative 
group 
were 
the 
subject 
of 
an 
amalgamation/winding-up in accordance with the provisions of the Chapter XIII.1 of 
the Act respecting financial services cooperatives (chapter C-67.3) (Québec); 
(ii) ensure that such debts and shares are treated on a pro rata basis when they are of 
the same rank; and 
(iii) ensure that an instrument subject to the powers set out in section 40.50 of the 
Deposit Institutions Act is treated more advantageously than another instrument 
subject to those powers that is subordinated to it." 
On 8 December 2021, Bill 3 was sanctioned and came into force.  Among other things, Bill 3 has 
amended the Deposit Institutions Act to remove the following powers of the AMF which were 
applicable in the event of the resolution of the Federation: (i) the power to cancel shares of the 
Federation pursuant to the previous Section 40.50(1) of the Deposit Institutions Act, and (ii) the 
power to write-off Bail-inable Notes pursuant to the previous Section 40.50(2) of the Deposit 
Institutions Act. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes, or the Pricing Supplement in respect of any Exempt 
Notes, may, in each case, include a legend entitled "MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in

--- Page 10 ---
- ix - 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID II Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the "MiFID 
II Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UNITED KINGDOM MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
 
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes, or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
may include a legend entitled "United Kingdom MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"United Kingdom MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
United Kingdom MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any 
of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the United Kingdom MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes, or the applicable Pricing Supplement in 
the case of Exempt Notes, includes a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL 
INVESTORS", the Notes or Exempt Notes, as the case may be, are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) if so specified in any applicable Pricing Supplement, not a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or Exempt Notes, as the case may be, or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or Exempt Notes, 
as the case may be, or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 11 ---
- x - 
IMPORTANT – UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS  
 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes, or the applicable Pricing Supplement in 
the case of Exempt Notes, includes a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED 
KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes or Exempt Notes, as the case may be, are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the United Kingdom Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) if so specified in any 
applicable Pricing Supplement, not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "United 
Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be 
unlawful under the United Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
 
With respect to each issuance of Notes, the Issuer may make a determination about the 
classification of such Notes for purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). The Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes or the Pricing Supplement in respect of any Exempt Notes may include a 
legend entitled "Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 
289) of Singapore" that will state the product classification of the applicable Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise  stated in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, all Notes shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the relevant Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, Pricing Supplement will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes 
of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and include 
Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (see 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions").

--- Page 12 ---
- xi - 
In this Base Prospectus, the expression "Federation" refers, where the context requires, to the 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, its 
predecessor entities and the other entities controlled by it, the expression "Groupe coopératif 
Desjardins" refers to, together, the Federation, the member caisses in Québec and the Fonds de 
sécurité Desjardins, the expression "Desjardins Group" refers to the institutional network of 
financial services cooperatives described under "Desjardins Group" below, "Desjardins Caisses" 
refers to  Desjardins caisses (including the Caisse Desjardins Ontario Credit Union Inc.)  and 
references to "C$" or "$" or "dollars" are to Canadian dollars, references to "US$" or "U.S. dollars" 
are to United States dollars, references to "euro" and "€" are to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, as amended, references to "yen" are to Japanese yen, and 
references to "sterling" and "£" are to United Kingdom pounds sterling. References herein to the 
"European Economic Area" or to "EEA" are to the Member States of the European Union (the "EU")  
together with Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to "relevant Condition(s)" are, unless the context 
otherwise requires, to the Conditions described under "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" 
in the case of the Bearer Notes and "Terms and Conditions of the Registered Notes" in the case of 
the Registered Notes.  The expressions "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and "terms and 
conditions of the Notes" shall, unless expressly provided otherwise, mean the Terms and 
Conditions of the Bearer Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Registered Notes. 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or 
regulation or a provision of a law or regulation is a reference, in each case, to that law or regulation 
or provision thereof as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS 
(IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILIZATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF 
ANY STABILIZATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS OR, IN THE CASE OF 
EXEMPT NOTES, PRICING SUPPLEMENT MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS 
WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN 
THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILIZATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY 
OCCUR. ANY STABILIZATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH 
ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE 
OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER 
THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
NOTES. ANY STABILIZATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILIZATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE RELEVANT 
STABILIZATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine (at the time of the initial investment and on an on-
going basis) the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor, either on its own or with the help of its financial or other professional advisers, should consider 
whether it:

--- Page 13 ---
- xii - 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable Supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including (A) Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency, (B) 
Bail-inable Notes which the AMF may in the event of the resolution of the Federation, in whole or 
in part, convert into contributed capital securities of the Federation, of a deposit-institution that is 
part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins or of a legal person constituted or resulting from an 
amalgamation/continuance or other conversion carried out for the purpose of the resolution of the 
Federation or (C) NVCC Subordinated Notes that will automatically and immediately be converted 
into fully paid Class Z Shares upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behavior of any relevant 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing, (3) Notes can be used as repo-eligible securities, and (4) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Obligations under the Notes 
The Notes will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Dealers, the Arranger 
or any other person involved in or associated with the Programme, or their officers, directors, employees, 
security holders or incorporators, other than the Federation. The Federation will be liable solely in its 
corporate capacity solely to the extent of its respective obligations in respect of the Notes and such 
obligations will not be the obligations of any of its respective officers, directors, employees, security holders, 
affiliates or incorporators, as the case may be. Moreover, Bail-inable Notes will be subject to the Resolution 
Powers conferred on the AMF, including the Bail-in Powers under Section 40.50 of the Deposit Institutions 
Act and the Prescribed Debt Regulations, which may be exercised in the event of the resolution of the 
Federation. Pursuant to such Bail-in Powers, the AMF may, among other things, in whole or in part, convert 
Bail-inable Notes into contributed capital securities of the Federation, of a deposit-taking institution that is 
part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins or of a legal person constituted or resulting from an

--- Page 14 ---
- xiii - 
amalgamation/continuance or other conversion carried out for the purpose of the resolution of the 
Federation. In the case of NVCC Subordinated Notes, such Notes will automatically and immediately be 
converted into fully paid Class Z Shares upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event. 
The Notes are not insured under the Deposit Institutions Act, the Canada Deposit Insurance 
Corporation Act or by any governmental agency and are not guaranteed by Desjardins Group or any affiliate 
of the Federation or member of Desjardins Group. The fact that the Desjardins Caisses are required to fund 
the Federation by way of assessments made by the Federation by law or otherwise is not in any way a 
guarantee of the Notes, and purchasers of Notes will not have any rights as third party beneficiaries or 
otherwise in connection therewith and will not have any right to benefit from any guarantee or any other 
form of credit support or receive any other payment in respect of the Notes from, in each case, any member 
of the Desjardins Group or any other affiliate of the Federation; however, in the event of the winding-up, 
insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the Federation in accordance with applicable law, the 
Senior Notes will rank equally in right of payment with all deposit liabilities and other unsecured and 
unsubordinated liabilities of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins except as may be provided by law and subject 
to the exercise of Resolution Powers, if applicable, and the NVCC Subordinated Notes will rank in the 
manner described in Condition 3(b) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" and Condition 4(b) 
of the "Terms and Conditions of the Registered Notes" on pages 100 and 279, respectively of this Base 
Prospectus. See further "Changes in regulations and related matters (including recapitalization regime for 
domestic systemically important banks and deposit-taking institutions)" and "Regulatory Requirements" on 
pages 11 and 364, respectively, of this Base Prospectus for complete disclosure of resolution mechanisms 
under the Deposit Institutions Act and the Prescribed Debt Regulations. See also the risk factors relating to 
Bail-inable Notes and the risk factors related to NVCC Subordinated Notes under "Risks related to all Notes" 
and "Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes", starting on pages 18 and 24, respectively, 
of this Base Prospectus for further information on Bail-inable Notes and NVCC Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 15 ---
- xiv - 
U.S. INFORMATION 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the SEC or any other securities commission or 
other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base 
Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
This Base Prospectus is being provided on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number 
of persons reasonably believed to be "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A 
("QIBs") for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of the Notes being 
offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorized. It may not be copied or 
reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other 
than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. Registered Notes may be offered or sold 
within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Notes 
to it may be made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Each purchaser or holder of Registered Notes (whether in 
definitive form or represented by a Global Registered Note) sold in transactions to QIBs in accordance with 
the requirements of Rule 144A will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Registered 
Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer 
of such Notes as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Unless otherwise 
stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Registered Notes" and "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions".

--- Page 16 ---
- xv - 
CREDIT RATINGS 
 
The Programme has been rated Aa2 (for legacy long-term senior debt), A1 (for bail-inable long-term 
senior debt) and P-1 (for short-term debt) by Moody's Canada, A+ (for legacy long-term senior debt), A- 
(for bail-inable long term senior debt) and A-1 (for short-term debt) by S&P Canada, AA (for legacy long-
term senior debt), AA (low) (for bail-inable long-term senior debt) and R-1 (high) (for short-term debt) by 
DBRS and AA (for legacy long-term and medium-term senior debt), AA- (for bail-inable long-term and 
medium-term senior debt) and F1+ (for short-term debt) by Fitch. The Programme has been rated A2 by 
Moody's Canada, BBB+ by S&P Canada, A (low) by DBRS and A by Fitch in respect of NVCC Subordinated 
Notes. Legacy long-term senior debt includes Senior Notes issued prior to 31 March 2019 and Senior Notes 
issued on or after 31 March 2019, in each case which are not Bail-inable Notes. Tranches of Notes issued 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated (in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement). Where a Tranche is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction, revision or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
The ratings of each Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement. In general, EU regulated 
investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation, from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, 
unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will 
also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU credit rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).  In addition, United Kingdom regulated investors are, 
in general, restricted under the United Kingdom CRA Regulation, from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the United Kingdom CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-United 
Kingdom credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an United Kingdom credit 
rating agency or the relevant non-United Kingdom registered credit rating agency is certified in accordance 
with the United Kingdom CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).  In addition to the Programme ratings provided by Moody's 
Canada, S&P Canada, DBRS and Fitch, each of Moody's Canada, S&P Canada, DBRS and Fitch has 
provided issuer ratings for the Federation as specified under "Description of the Issuer – Issuer Credit 
Ratings". 
None of Moody's Canada, S&P Canada, DBRS or Fitch is established in the EU or the United 
Kingdom.However, Moody's Deutschland GmbH., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, DBRS Ratings 
GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which are established and registered in the EU, have endorsed 
the ratings of Moody's Canada, S&P Canada, DBRS and Fitch, respectively, for purposes of the EU CRA 
Regulation. Moody's Investors Service Ltd, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, DBRS Ratings Limited and  
Fitch Ratings Ltd, which are established and registered in the United Kingdom, have endorsed the same 
ratings for purposes of the United Kingdom CRA Regulation.

--- Page 17 ---
- xvi - 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Desjardins Group prepares its combined financial statements in Canadian dollars. Such financial 
statements incorporated by reference herein are presented in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise expressly 
indicated in this Base Prospectus and/or the documents incorporated by reference herein. Desjardins 
Group's combined financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and comparative information 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IFRS"). IFRS differs in 
certain respects from U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
Furthermore, unless otherwise indicated, any reference in this Base Prospectus to financial statements 
of Desjardins Group refers to such financial statements as filed under the Federation’s profile on the System 
for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval (SEDAR) maintained by the Canadian Securities 
Administrators. In the case of the audited combined financial statements of Desjardins Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2020, the information is filed under Capital Desjardins inc.’s profile on SEDAR. 
 
On 23 April 2021, the Federation obtained exemptive relief from the securities regulatory authorities in 
each of the provinces of Canada from, among others, the requirements set forth in Parts 4 and 5 of National 
Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations ("NI 51-102") relating to the filing of annual and 
interim financial statements, along with the accompanying annual or interim management's discussion and 
analysis, provided certain conditions are fulfilled by the Federation, including, among other things, that the 
Federation must use the financial statements and accompanying management's discussion and analysis 
of Desjardins Group in lieu and place of the financial statements and accompanying management's 
discussion and analysis of Federation for all relevant purposes under applicable Canadian securities laws. 
On 4 May 2021, Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation ("CMHC") approved a similar policy exception 
permitting the Federation to use the annual audited and quarterly unaudited financial statements of the 
Desjardins Group in satisfaction of the Federation’s financial information reporting obligations under all 
CMHC programs. 
 
On 29 April 2021, the Office of International Corporation Finance, Division of Corporate Finance of the 
SEC issued the Federation a letter confirming that it will not object if, for purposes of satisfying Rule 
144A(d)(4)(i) under the Securities Act, combined financial statements of the Desjardins Group are provided 
rather than consolidated financial statements of the Federation and its consolidated subsidiaries.  
 
The Federation has applied to the Central Bank of Ireland and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
has been granted by the Central Bank of Ireland a variation under Article 18(1)(c) of the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirements under Item 11.1 and Item 11.2 of Annex VII of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 to include (or incorporate by reference into) this Base Prospectus the stand-
alone financial statements of the Federation and its consolidated subsidiaries.

--- Page 18 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................... vi 
U.S. INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................... xiv 
CREDIT RATINGS ...................................................................................................................................... xv 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION .................................................................................... xvi 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................ 1 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................. 57 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION UNDER RULE 144A .................................................................................... 59 
CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .............................................................. 60 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENT OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS .......................................... 62 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE NOTES.................................................... 63 
FORM OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................................................. 82 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BEARER NOTES ............................................................................ 96 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR BEARER NOTES OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES........................ 170 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR BEARER NOTES THAT ARE EXEMPT NOTES ............ 195 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE REGISTERED NOTES ................................................................. 221 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR REGISTERED NOTES OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES ............... 304 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR REGISTERED NOTES THAT ARE EXEMPT NOTES .... 329 
SPECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO FOREIGN CURRENCY NOTES .............................................. 355 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................ 356 
SUSTAINABLE BOND FRAMEWORK ..................................................................................................... 356 
FEDERATION DES CAISSES DESJARDINS DU QUÉBEC ................................................................... 362 
DESJARDINS GROUP ............................................................................................................................. 383 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .................................. 385 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................ 399 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER U.S. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS ............ 419 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................... 421

--- Page 19 ---
-1- 
RISK FACTORS 
 
The Federation believes that the factors described below represent the principal categories and 
subcategories of risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the 
Federation to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for 
other reasons and the Federation do not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Notes are exhaustive. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Federation or that 
it currently believes to be immaterial could individually or cumulatively also have a material impact on its 
business operations or that of Desjardins Group or affect the ability of the Federation to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including information incorporated by 
reference) and any applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement to reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The Federation is a cooperative entity which, among other things, assumes the strategic policy, 
oversight, coordination, treasury and development activities for Desjardins Group, manages Desjardins 
Group's risks, capital, assets and liquidity, ensures the financial health and sustainability of the Groupe 
coopératif Desjardins, and acts as financial agent on Canadian and international capital markets 
transactions. The Federation enables the Desjardins Caisses and other Desjardins Group components to 
accelerate their development and better respond to the needs of their members and clients. The 
Federation's structure has been designed to accommodate the needs of Desjardins Group's members and 
clients, as well as the markets in which it operates, and the Federation's cash flow, income and capital base 
is also dependent on Desjardins Group. Accordingly, risk factors set out below which relate to Desjardins 
Group will also be applicable to the Federation and its subsidiaries and the occurrence of any such risks 
could have a material adverse effect on the Federation's business, reputation, results of operation, financial 
condition and/or cash flows.  
1. PRINCIPAL RISKS RELATING TO THE FEDERATION AND DESJARDINS GROUP 
Desjardins Group, including the Federation, is exposed to different types of principal risks in the normal 
course of operations.  
Principal risks are those to which senior management pay particular attention and which could cause 
the delivery of the Federation’s strategy, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects to differ 
materially from current expectations.  These risks are outlined below.  
(i) Credit risk 
(a) General credit risk of borrower's, issuer's or counterparty's failure to honour contractual obligations 
Credit risk is the risk of losses resulting from a borrower’s, guarantor’s, issuer’s or counterparty’s failure 
to honour its contractual obligations, whether or not such obligations appear on the Federation’s 
consolidated balance sheets.  Desjardins Group is exposed to credit risk first through its direct personal, 
business and government loans, which accounted for 58.4% of assets on the Desjardins Group’s combined 
balance sheets as at December 31, 2020, compared to 64.9% at the end of 2019. It is also exposed through 
various other commitments, including letters of credit and transactions involving derivative financial 
instruments as well as securities transactions.

--- Page 20 ---
-2- 
Each unit and component of Desjardins Group and the Federation has specific frameworks to manage 
credit risk, developed around their respective product and customer base. To provide assistance in this 
area to these units and components, Desjardins Group, including the Federation, has, in addition, set up 
centralized structures and procedures to ensure that its Integrated Risk Management Framework allows for 
effective credit risk management that remains sound and prudent.  The Risk Management Executive 
Division of Desjardins Group has been structured with the intention that it effectively manages credit risk 
and provides credit approval, support, quantification and monitoring, and reports on credit matters. 
During the current COVID-19 pandemic, Desjardins Group, including the Federation, has put forward 
several relief measures to support its members and clients and mitigate the impact of this crisis. 
Government authorities have also set up a number of programs to stabilize the situation and bolster the 
economy. Although future repercussions are still uncertain, the credit portfolio is being strictly monitored to 
take into consideration more or less long-term impacts. For additional information on the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, on relief measures offered to Desjardins Group, including the Federation’s clients, 
and on the measures introduced by regulators, see the “COVID-19 Pandemic” section on pages 15 to 18 
of the DG 2020 Annual Report incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Notwithstanding the above, Desjardins Group sets aside significant provisions to absorb potential 
losses across its loans and other commitments.  For example, as at December 31, 2020, Desjardins 
Group’s allowance for credit losses totalled $1,112 million as set out in Note 7 (Loans and allowance for 
credit losses) of the DG 2020 Annual Report incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, up $427 
million compared to December 31, 2019. This increase in the allowance for credit losses in 2020 was 
essentially due to the significant deterioration in the economic outlook as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, particularly the unemployment rate, the GDP growth rate, the anticipated effects on credit quality 
as well as the higher loss allowance for expected credit losses in business loan portfolios.   
There can, accordingly, be no guarantee that the credit procedures put in place by the Federation and 
Desjardins Group can assess accurately and mitigate all of the risks of exposure to borrowers, guarantors, 
issuers or other counterparty’s failure to honour contractual obligations, and increased defaults of these 
borrowers and/or inadequate loans provisioning may negatively impact the Federation’s and Desjardins 
Group’s financial condition and results of operation.  
(b) Credit risk related to default of counterparties pursuant to securities, derivative financial instruments 
and securities lending transactions  
Counterparty and issuer risk is a credit risk related to different types of securities, derivative financial 
instruments and securities lending transactions. 
The Risk Management Executive Division sets the maximum exposure for each counterparty and issuer 
based on quantitative and qualitative criteria. In addition, limits are set for certain financial instruments. The 
amounts are then allocated to different components based on their needs. 
A large proportion of Desjardins Group’s exposure is to the different levels of government in Canada, 
Québec public and parapublic entities and major Canadian banks. For most of these counterparties and 
issuers, the credit rating of these counterparties and issuers is A- or higher. Apart from its U.S. sovereign 
debt holdings and commitments with major international banks of Desjardins Group, Desjardins Group’s 
exposure to foreign entities is low. Despite this fact, tensions within the government and general securities

--- Page 21 ---
-3- 
markets and volatility of such securities could have a negative effect on the Federation’s and Desjardins 
Group’s business and its financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
As at December 31, 2020, Desjardins Group had a total notional exposure of $488,426 million to 
derivative financial instruments after adjustment for master netting agreements – see Note 20 (Derivative 
Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities) of the DG 2020 Annual Report incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus for further information. 
A worsening of the credit rating of counterparties or a material failure to hedge exposures to them  
could, accordingly, negatively impact the Federation’s and Desjardins Group’s financial condition and 
results of operation.  
(c) Risks related to EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
 
A number of the Issuer’s counterparties are EU and United Kingdom credit institutions and investment 
firms, including the Dealers under the Programme (collectively, “EU Firms”) which are subject to Directive 
2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (the “BRRD”), which is intended to enable a range 
of actions to be taken in relation to EU Firms considered to be at risk of failing.  The BRRD is designed to 
provide resolution authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an 
unsound or failing EU Firm, so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity’s critical financial and 
economic functions, whilst minimising the impact of the relevant entity’s failure on the economy and financial 
system. 
 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination 
where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) any of the Issuer’s EU Firm counterparties is failing 
or likely to fail; (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would 
prevent such failure within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest.  Such 
resolution tools and powers are: (i) sale of business; (ii) bridge institution; (iii) asset separation; and (iv) 
bail-in.  The bail-in tool gives the resolution authority the ability to write-down or convert certain unsecured 
debt instruments of any of the Issuer’s EU Firm counterparties into shares (or other instruments of 
ownership), to reduce the outstanding amount due under such debt instruments (including reducing such 
amounts to zero) or to cancel, modify or vary the terms of such debt instruments (including varying the 
maturity of such instruments) and other contractual arrangements. 
 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how the Issuer’s EU Firm counterparties are managed as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of their creditors including the Issuer. The Issuer and its 
debtholders may suffer loss if obligations owed to them by an EU Firm counterparty subject to the BRRD 
are subject to the bail-in powers of the BRRD, which may result in a partial reduction of such obligation or, 
in a worst case scenario, a reduction to zero or may suffer disruption if an EU Firm counterparty subject to 
the BRRD fails to perform services that it customarily provides to the Issuer as the result of the exercise of 
any powers under the BRRD. See “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions” on page 
385 of this Base Prospectus for further information on the relationship between the Issuer and the Dealers.

--- Page 22 ---
-4- 
(ii)  
Market risk 
(a) Risk of changes in the fair market value of financial instruments  
Market risk refers to the risk of changes in the fair value of financial instruments resulting from 
fluctuations in the parameters affecting this value, in particular, interest rates, exchange rates, credit 
spreads and their volatility.  
The Federation and Desjardins Group are primarily exposed to market risk through their trading 
activities, which result primarily from short-term transactions conducted with the intention of profiting from 
current price movements or to provide arbitrage revenue. The market risk of trading portfolios is managed 
on a daily basis by the Federation, with “Value at Risk” (VaR) being the main tool used to measure this risk. 
See Table 47 under “Market risk” on page 85 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis set out in the 
DG 2020 Annual Report, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, for a presentation of 
aggregate VaR for trading activities of Desjardins Group by risk category, as at December 31, 2020 and 
December 31, 2019. Desjardins Group and the Federation are also exposed to market risk through their 
non-trading activities, which group together mainly asset/liability management transactions in the course of 
their traditional banking activities as well as investment portfolios related to their insurance operations – 
see the section entitled “Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec - Principal Business” on pages 368 
– 371 of this Base Prospectus for a description of the traditional banking activities of the Federation. 
Desjardins Group and its components have adopted policies and procedures that set out the principles, 
limits and procedures to use in managing market risk which are outlined on pages 84 – 86 of the 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis set out in the DG 2020 Annual Report, incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
Despite these policies and procedures, the Federation and Desjardins Group remain exposed to the risk of 
loss as a result of market risk and, principally, the risks of interest rate and exchange rate volatility, as 
described in more detail below.  
 
(b) Structural interest rate risk 
The Federation and Desjardins Group are exposed to structural interest rate risk, which represents the 
potential impact of interest rate fluctuations on net interest income and the economic value of equity. This 
risk is the main component of market risk for the Federation’s and Desjardins Group’s traditional banking 
activities other than trading, such as accepting deposits and granting loans, as well as for its securities 
portfolios used for long-term investment purposes and as liquidity reserves.  
This risk is reflected in the table below which presents the potential impact before income taxes on the 
net interest income and economic value of equity for Desjardins Group of a sudden and sustained 25 and 
100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates:

--- Page 23 ---
-5- 
Interest rate sensitivity (before income taxes)(1)* 
As at December 31 
 
(in millions of dollars) 
2020 
2019 
 
Net interest 
income(2) 
Economic 
value of 
equity(3) 
Net interest 
income(2) 
Economic 
value of 
equity(3) 
Impact of a 100-basis-point increase in interest 
rates 
$ 30 
$ (168) 
$ (148) 
$ (35) 
Impact of a 25-basis-point decrease in interest 
rates(100-basis-point decrease as at December 31, 
2019)(4) 
7 
39 
147 
(1) 
(1) Interest rate sensitivity related to insurance activities is not reflected in the amounts above. For these activities, a 100-basis-point increase in 
interest rates would result in a $165 million decrease in the economic value of equity before taxes as at December 31, 2020, and a $215 
million decrease as at December 31, 2019. A 25-basis-point decrease in interest rates would result in an increase of $49 million in the economic 
value of equity before taxes as at December 31, 2020, and a 100-basis-point decrease in interest rates would result in a $228 million increase 
in the economic value of equity before taxes as at December 31, 2019. Additional information is provided in the “Interest rate risk 
management” section of Note 16, “Insurance contract liabilities”, to the DG 2020 Annual Report. 
(2) Represents the interest rate sensitivity of net interest income for the next 12 months. 
(3) Represents the sensitivity of the present value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments. 
(4)The results of the impact of a decrease in interest rates take into consideration the use of a floor to avoid negative interest rates. In addition, 
given the current low-interest-rate environment, the impact of a decrease in interest rates has been calculated using a decrease of 25 basis 
points as at December 31, 2020, compared to 100 basis points as at December 31, 2019. 
 
In general, the Federation is exposed to the risk that market volatility, shifts in customers’ preferences 
towards determined product types and a reduction in net interest income caused by interest rate fluctuations 
may have a negative impact on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the 
Federation. 
(c) Foreign exchange risk 
Foreign exchange risk arises when the actual or expected value of assets denominated in a foreign 
currency is higher or lower than that of liabilities denominated in the same currency. In certain specific 
situations, Desjardins Group and its components, including the Federation, may become exposed to foreign 
exchange risk, particularly with respect to the U.S. dollar and the euro. This exposure mainly arises from 
their intermediation activities with members and clients, and their financing and investment activities. A 
Desjardins Group policy on market risk has set foreign exchange risk exposure limits, which are monitored 
by the Risk Management Executive Division. To ensure that this risk is properly controlled, Desjardins 
Group and its components also use, among other things, derivative financial instruments such as foreign 
exchange forward contracts and currency swaps. Desjardins Group’s and the Federation’s residual 
exposure to this risk is relatively low because it reduces its foreign exchange risk by using derivative 
financial instruments. As at December 31, 2020, Note 20 (Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging 
Activities) of the DG 2020 Annual Report indicates a notional amount of over-the-counter currency swaps 
of $8,944 million entered into to hedge foreign exchange risk. For further information, see Note 20 
(Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities) of the DG 2020 Annual Report, incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 24 ---
-6- 
Despite Desjardins Group’s policy on market risk and the monitoring of the associated foreign exchange 
risk exposure limits described above, fluctuations in currency may adversely impact the financial position 
and future surplus earnings of Desjardins Group and the Federation and may not be entirely offset by 
Desjardins Group’s and the Federation’s hedging arrangements.   
(d) Price risk 
In its non-trading activities, Desjardins Group, including the Federation, is exposed to price risk, related 
mainly to components that operate in insurance and their investment portfolios.  
Price risk is the risk of potential loss resulting from a change in the market value of assets (shares, 
commodities, real estate properties, index-based assets) but not resulting from a change in interest rates 
or foreign exchange rates, or in the credit quality of a counterparty.  
The insurance components described under “Principal Business” on pages 368 – 371 of this Base 
Prospectus may be exposed to changes in the real estate market through the properties they own, whose 
market value may fluctuate. 
The insurance components may also be exposed to price risk related to stock markets, particularly 
through the equity securities and derivative financial instruments they hold as well as the minimum 
guarantees provided under segregated fund contracts, whose value is affected by market fluctuations. For 
additional information, see the description of “Investment return” set out in Note 16 (Insurance contract 
liabilities) on page 177 of the DG 2020 Annual Report, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
(iii)  Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk refers to Desjardins Group’s and the Federation’s capacity to raise the necessary funds 
(by increasing liabilities or converting assets) to meet a financial obligation, whether or not it appears on 
Desjardins Group’s combined balance sheets or the Federation’s consolidated balance sheets. 
The implementation of Basel III strengthens international minimum liquidity requirements through the 
application of, amongst other items, a liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”). Under its liquidity risk management 
policy, the Federation already produces this ratio and reports it on a regular basis to the AMF. 
In the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government of Canada set up programs in 2020 for 
extraordinary liquidity facilities to facilitate access to financial institutional financing. Additional information 
on the federal government programs may be found under “Sources of Financing” on page 46 to 47 of the 
DG 2020 Annual Report, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Desjardins Group used these 
programs to maintain adequate liquidity to deal with this unprecedented situation. However, as market 
conditions stabilized, some of Bank of Canada’s programs to provide temporary liquidity to the financial 
system ended during the second quarter of 2021.  Desjardins Group’s average LCR was 150% for the 
quarter ended September 30, 2021, compared to 151% for the previous quarter. The AMF stipulates that 
this ratio is not to be less than the minimum requirements of 100% in the absence of stressed conditions. 
However, in order to promote the smooth circulation of liquidity during the COVID-19 pandemic crisis, the 
AMF could exceptionally accept lower levels than the minimum requirements on an ad hoc basis. 
Desjardins Group does not expect its regulatory ratio to decline below the regulatory limit. This ratio is 
proactively managed by Desjardins Group’s Treasury, and an appropriate level of high-quality liquid assets 
is maintained for adequate coverage of the theoretical cash outflows associated with the standardized crisis

--- Page 25 ---
-7- 
scenario within the Basel III framework. For additional information, see page 44 of Desjardins Group’s 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis as set out in the DG 2021 Q3 Report, incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus.  
Given Desjardins Group’s loan to deposit ratio (which stood at 116% as at September 30, 2021), 
Desjardins Group’s main sources of theoretical cash outflows are a potential serious run on deposits (and, 
in particular, a run on wholesale deposits which tend to fluctuate more than core customer deposits) by 
members of Desjardins Caisses (as defined herein) and a sudden lack of availability of the short-term 
institutional funding sources used on a day-to-day basis by Desjardins Group to fund its lending activities.  
Despite Desjardins Group’s liquidity risk management policy, any significant deterioration in Desjardins 
Group’s liquidity position may lead to an increase in funding costs of Desjardins Group and the Federation 
or constrain the volume of new lending. These factors may adversely impact their profitability and financial 
performance and position.  
(iv) Operational risk 
Operational risk is the risk of inadequacy or failure attributable to processes, people, internal systems 
or external events and resulting in losses, failure to achieve objectives or a negative impact on reputation.  
Operational risk is inherent to all of Desjardins Group’s activities as described on pages 383– 384 of 
this Base Prospectus, including management and control practices in other risk areas (credit, market, 
liquidity, etc.) as well as activities carried out by a third party. 
The Federation calculates risk-weighted assets against credit risk, market risk and operational risk, 
applying, in the case of operational risk, a standardised approach for calculating operational risk as 
authorised by the AMF. As at September 30, 2021, risk weighted assets of Desjardins Group amounted to 
$135.3 billion, $14.3 billion of which was for operational risk.  
Failure to adequately manage this risk may result in increased losses from theft, fraud, damages to 
tangible assets, non-compliance with legislation or regulations, systems failures, unauthorized access to 
computer systems, cyber threats, or problems or errors in process management and may ultimately impact 
the Federation’s financial performance and result in reputational damage for the Federation and Desjardins 
Group.  
(v) Insurance risk 
Insurance risk refers to the risk that events may turn out differently from the assumptions used when 
designing, pricing or measuring actuarial reserves for insurance products, and that profitability of these 
products may be affected.  
Desjardins Group, including the Federation, is exposed to insurance risk in the course of its life and 
health and property and casualty (“P&C”) insurance operations, each as described on page 371 - 372 of 
this Base Prospectus. Further details as to the elements of this insurance risk for each of these operations 
is set out on page 96 of the DG 2020 MD&A, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. These 
risks include the impact of catastrophes (such as storms and fires), the incidence and severity of which are 
inherently unpredictable and the losses for P&C from such catastrophes could be substantial.

--- Page 26 ---
-8- 
Insurance risk arises from potential errors in projections concerning the many factors used to set 
premiums, including future returns on investments, underwriting experience in terms of loss experience, 
mortality and morbidity, and administrative expenses. These projections are essentially based on actuarial 
assumptions that must be consistent with the standards of practice in effect in Canada. The insurance 
subsidiaries also adopt strict pricing standards and policies and perform spot checks to compare their 
projections with actual results. Insurance product design and pricing are reviewed on a regular basis. Some 
product pricing may be adjusted depending on the accuracy of projections. 
In addition, the subsidiaries limit their losses through reinsurance treaties that vary based on the nature 
of the operations. The property and casualty insurance subsidiaries also have additional protection with 
respect to large-scale catastrophic events. 
To reduce reinsurance risk, the insurance subsidiaries do business with many reinsurers that meet 
financial strength criteria, most of which are governed by the same regulatory authorities as the 
subsidiaries. Such reinsurance treaties do not release the subsidiaries from their obligations toward their 
policyholders but do mitigate the risks to which they are exposed. 
The subsidiaries comply with the standards for sound management practices established by the 
regulatory bodies that govern them and test their financial soundness using unfavourable scenarios and 
measure the effect of such scenarios on their capitalization ratio. These tests include stress testing, 
including the standardized acute stress scenarios required from time to time by regulators, as well as an 
examination of financial soundness. Test results showed that capital was adequate in each case. 
In the context of COVID-19, changes in mortality experience or disability claims experience, in 
particular, are being monitored by the life and health insurance subsidiaries. In property and casualty 
insurance, the uncertainty related to premium growth versus claims, the possible increase in fraud, and the 
potential for corporate liability claims are being monitored. Additional margins are included in reserves for 
claims and unearned premiums. 
Despite the risk mitigation procedures described above, material errors in projections or the pricing of 
insurance products and/or the failure by re-insurers to meet their obligations to the Desjardins Group or 
their insolvency could negatively impact the Desjardins Group’s revenues and financial performance. 
(vi)  Strategic risk 
Strategic risk refers to the risk of loss attributable to an inability to adapt to a changing environment 
because of failure to act, an inappropriate strategic choice or the inability to effectively implement strategies.  
It is first up to senior management and the board of directors of Desjardins Group to address, define 
and monitor developments in the strategic orientations of Desjardins Group according to its risk appetite 
and the consultation processes specific to Desjardins Group. Events that could compromise the 
achievement of Desjardins Group’s strategic objectives are systematically and periodically monitored by 
the board of directors and senior management. Business segments and support functions identify and 
periodically assess events and risks that could prevent the achievement of strategic objectives, and report 
thereon to the appropriate bodies. 
Organizational development plans are assessed in light of Desjardins Group’s risk appetite framework 
to ensure that such initiatives are in line with Desjardins Group’s strategic plan. Furthermore, the strategic

--- Page 27 ---
-9- 
plan is updated annually to take market developments into account, in particular major industry trends and 
action taken by competitors. 
Despite the processes in place to manage strategic risk, the inherent uncertainty associated with 
business planning in the rapidly changing business environment in which the Federation operates, as 
further described under “Principal Business” on pages 368 – 371 of this Base Prospectus, could have an 
adverse effect on the Federation’s and Desjardins Group’s results, financial conditions and prospects.  
(vii) Pension plan risk 
Pension plan risk is the risk of loss resulting from pension plan commitments made by Desjardins 
Group, including the Federation, for the benefit of its employees. This risk arises from rate, price, foreign 
exchange rate and/or longevity risks. 
Desjardins Group’s main pension plan is the Desjardins Group Pension Plan (“DGPP”). 
In order to properly manage DGPP risks, the Desjardins Group Retirement Committee has delegated 
certain powers and responsibilities to its Investment Management Committee. In particular, the Investment 
Management Committee is tasked with reviewing the investment policy and recommending any 
amendments in this regard to the Desjardins Group Retirement Committee, as well as with adopting any 
special investment framework. It ensures that such frameworks are adhered to. Every year, it recommends 
an asset allocation strategy, adopts the resulting investment plan and monitors it. It also analyzes 
investment opportunities that are submitted to it, as well as the associated risks. The Investment 
Management Committee annually reviews the content and accuracy of the DGPP risk log and recommends 
any amendments, where applicable, to the Desjardins Group Retirement Committee, ensuring that risks 
are effectively managed and controlled. In addition, a risk management dashboard for the DGPP, made up 
of risk indicators identified in the profile, is updated quarterly. The COVID-19 crisis has had little impact on 
the financial position of the pension plans. 
Defined benefit pension plans are, for example, plans for which Desjardins Group has formally 
committed to a level of benefits and therefore assumes actuarial and, when the plans are funded, 
investment risks. Since the terms of the pension plans are such that changes in salary levels will have an 
impact on the amount of future benefits, the cost of the benefits and the value of the defined benefit plan 
obligation are generally actuarially determined using various assumptions. Although the Risk Management 
Advisory Committee believes that the assumptions used in the actuarial valuation process are reasonable, 
there remains a degree of risk and uncertainty that may cause future actual results to materially differ from 
these assumptions, which could give rise to actuarial gains or losses. 
Despite therefore the processes in place to manage pension plan risk (as described above), should the 
actuarial assumptions described above prove materially deficient or there arises other failures to manage 
pension plan risk (in whole or in part), these events may require Desjardins Group to make substantial 
additional contributions to the DGPP and/or could lead to a substantial deterioration in Desjardins Group’s 
results, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 28 ---
-10- 
(viii) Environmental or social risk and climate change 
Environmental or social risk results from an environmental event or social issue during Desjardins 
Group’s or the Federation’s operations or their financing, investment or insurance activities, which could 
lead to financial loss or harm their reputation.  
Regarding environmental risk, potential financial losses could be related to an internal risk, namely a 
risk generated by an entity and having a negative impact on the environment, or an external risk, namely 
an event caused by the environment and having a detrimental effect on the entity (such as climate change). 
In addition, business relations with entities whose operations could involve Environmental, Social or 
Governance (ESG) issues could lead to reputation risk.  
Climate change risk is defined as an entity’s vulnerability to the negative effects of climate change, 
which could lead to financial losses. It includes both (a) physical risk factors resulting from climate change 
that may be due to extreme events (acute) or longer term changes (chronic); and (b) transition risk factors 
resulting from the transition to an economy with low greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. These can be 
regulatory, legal, technology, market or reputational factors. Therefore, despite the Federation’s 
incorporation of ESG factors into its business decisions, the occurrence of any of the foregoing 
environmental or climate disasters may negatively affect Desjardins Group’s financial condition and results 
of operations. See “Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec – Competition – Property and Casualty 
Insurance” on page 371 - 372 of this Base Prospectus for further information.  
(ix) Legal and regulatory risk 
(a)  Risk of non-compliance with laws, regulations or contractual commitments  
Legal and regulatory risk refers to the risk associated with Desjardins Group's and the Federation's, 
non-compliance with the obligations arising from the interpretation or application of legislative and 
regulatory provisions or contractual commitments, which could affect Desjardins Group's and the 
Federation's operations, reputation, strategies and financial objectives. 
Legal and regulatory risk entails, inter alia, effectively preventing and handling possible disputes and 
claims that may lead in particular to judgments or decisions by a court of law or regulatory body that could 
result in orders to pay damages, financial penalties or sanctions. Moreover, the legal and regulatory 
environment is evolving quickly and could increase Desjardins Group's and the Federation's exposure to 
new types of litigation. In addition, some lawsuits against Desjardins Group may be very complex and be 
based on legal theories that are new or have never been verified. The outcome of such lawsuits may be 
difficult to predict or estimate until the proceedings have reached an advanced stage, which may take 
several years. Class action lawsuits or multi-party litigation may feature an additional risk of judgments with 
substantial monetary, non-monetary or punitive damages. Plaintiffs who bring a class action or other lawsuit 
sometimes claim very large amounts and it is impossible to determine Desjardins Group's liability, if any, 
for some time. Legal liability or an important regulatory measure could have an adverse effect on the current 
activities of Desjardins Group, its results of operations and its financial position, in addition to damaging its 
reputation. Even if Desjardins Group won its court case or was no longer the subject of measures imposed 
by regulatory bodies, these situations could harm its reputation and have an adverse impact on its financial 
position, due in particular to the costs associated with such proceedings, and its brand image.

--- Page 29 ---
-11- 
The financial services industry is one of the most strictly regulated and monitored sectors. In recent 
years, the regulations governing the industry have expanded significantly in response to numerous socio-
economic phenomena such as the development of new, increasingly complex financial products, the 
continuing volatility in the securities industry, financial fraud, and the fight against money laundering and 
terrorist financing and against tax evasion, to mention but a few. In addition to federal (Canada and the 
U.S.) and provincial government requirements, the regulatory environment also includes organizations such 
as the Autorité des marchés financiers (Québec) (the "AMF"), the Canadian Securities Administrators, the 
Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (the "OSFI"), the Financial Transactions and Reports 
Analysis Centre of Canada, the Mutual Fund Dealers Association of Canada, the Investment Industry 
Regulatory Organization of Canada and, in the U.S., the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the SEC, 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
(the "Federal Reserve Board"). See "Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec – Regulation and 
Control" on page 363 of this Base Prospectus for further information. Complying with important legislative 
and regulatory provisions, such as those for the protection of personal information, laws and regulations 
governing insurance, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of 
Financial Information in Tax Matters, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 
2010, the Basel accords, the legislative framework surrounding financial services cooperatives in Québec, 
Canada (including the Act respecting financial services cooperatives (Québec) (as amended from time to 
time, the "Cooperatives Act")), the Deposit Institutions Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder 
(including, among others, the Prescribed Debt Regulations), among others) requires considerable 
technical, human and financial resources and also affects the way Desjardins Group manages its current 
operations and implements its business strategies. 
Although Desjardins Group actively monitors and manages regulatory risk, changes in regulation, its 
complexity and uncertainty could have an impact on the performance of its operations, its reputation, its 
strategies and its financial objectives. 
(b) Changes in regulations and related matters (including recapitalization regime for domestic 
systemically important banks and deposit-taking institutions) 
In June 2013, the AMF determined that Desjardins Group met the criteria to be designated a domestic 
systemically important financial institution ("D-SIFI"), which subjects Desjardins Group to, among other 
things, greater capital adequacy requirements as well as enhanced disclosure requirements in accordance 
with the guidelines of the AMF. Although Desjardins Group has disclosed its capitalization ratios in 
accordance with the rules of the Basel Committee (Basel III) and as prescribed by the AMF's guidelines for 
financial services cooperatives regarding standards for the adequacy of the capital base since the first 
quarter of 2013, the regulatory environment is evolving in particular as regards non-viability contingent 
capital instruments, liquidity standards, credit risk, market risk, counterparty risk and with respect to bail-in 
provisions.  
On 13 June 2018, the Québec National Assembly passed "Bill 141" (An Act mainly to improve the 
regulation of the financial sector, the protection of deposits of money and the operation of financial 
institutions) (the "Bill 141 Act"), which applies to all institutions and intermediaries operating in Québec's 
financial sector. The main goal of the Bill 141 Act was to update and modernize the legislative framework 
for Québec's financial sector so that the financial institutions that it governs have all the levers they need to 
operate in a very competitive environment and governance that is consistent with best practices. The Bill 
141 Act affected a series of laws, such as the Insurers Act (which replaced the Act respecting insurance),

--- Page 30 ---
-12- 
the Cooperatives Act, the Act respecting the distribution of financial products and services and the Deposit 
Institutions Act.  The Cooperatives Act was amended, among other things, to prescribe the rules for 
organizing a network of financial services cooperatives and a financial group, and the rules for issuing 
capital shares and investment shares.  The Bill 141 Act also added a chapter concerning the Groupe 
coopératif Desjardins, which comprises the Desjardins Caisses in Québec, the Federation and the Fonds 
de sécurité Desjardins. The chapter aimed to strengthen financial solidarity mechanisms within the Groupe 
coopératif Desjardins, among other things. 
Significant amendments to the Deposit Institutions Act came into force on 13 July 2018. Such 
amendments provide for the Resolution Powers in the event of the failure of a deposit-taking institution. 
Under the amendments to the Deposit Institutions Act, the AMF must establish a resolution plan to 
implement resolution operations in the event of failure of authorized deposit institutions forming part of the 
Groupe coopératif Desjardins in order to ensure the Groupe coopératif Desjardins' sustainability without 
recourse to public funds. The Deposit Institutions Act, together with the Prescribed Debt Regulations and 
certain other regulations promulgated under the Deposit Institutions Act which came into force on 31 March 
2019, govern, among other things, the exercise of the Bail-in Powers by the AMF and provide for a regime 
that is substantially similar to the Canadian federal regime to which Canadian banks are subject.  See 
“Risks related to all Notes – Resolution powers conferred on the AMF under the Deposit Institutions Act 
and the regulations thereunder provide it with substantial powers designed to enable it to take a range of 
actions, which if taken could result in Noteholders being exposed to losses” for additional details on the 
bail-in regime applicable to Federation. See also “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
– Bail-inable Notes” for a description of the risks relating to Bail-inable Notes and “Risks related to the 
structure of a particular issue of Notes – Bail-inable Notes – Bail-inable Notes will be subject to risks, 
including non-payment in full or conversion in whole or in part under the Resolution Powers conferred on 
the AMF under the Deposit Institutions Act and the regulations thereunder” for a description of the AMF’s 
powers in respect of Bail-inable Notes. 
If action were to be taken by the AMF under the Resolution Powers (including the Bail-in Powers) in 
respect of the Issuer, Noteholders could be exposed to significant losses. See the risk factors relating to 
Bail-inable Notes under "Risks related to all Notes" and "Risks related to the structure of a particular issue 
of Notes", starting on pages 18 and 24 below, respectively, of this Base Prospectus for further information 
in respect thereto. 
2. PRINCIPAL EMERGING RISKS 
Principal emerging risks are risks that could have a significant impact on Desjardins Group’s and the 
Federation’s financial condition and would likely affect its reputation, the volatility of its results and/or the 
adequacy of its capitalization or liquidities in the event they were to fully materialize. These risks are outlined 
below.  
(i) The COVID-19 virus may have an adverse impact on the Federation and Desjardins Group 
On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared a COVID-19 pandemic, and on March 13, 
2020, the Québec government declared a public health emergency throughout Québec. Since that date, 
the declaration of a public health emergency has been successively extended. Since March 2020, the 
Canadian government has introduced various protection measures and the governments of affected 
regions have implemented measures designed to contain the spread of the virus, including business

--- Page 31 ---
-13- 
shutdowns, travel restrictions, quarantines, prohibition of gatherings, event cancellations and curfews. 
Following recommendations by government authorities concerning the spread of COVID-19, Desjardins 
Group implemented a number of protection and relief measures as of March 2020.  
Since the start of the pandemic, various restrictions, varying in severity from one province and region 
to another, have been imposed, eased and then reintroduced by governments depending on trends in the 
spread of COVID-19. In June 2021, in response to the steady drop in the number of positive COVID-19 
cases and the smooth rollout of the vaccination campaign, governments eased restrictions and initiated the 
first phase of their reopening plans. Since September 2021, some provinces, including Québec and Ontario, 
made it mandatory to provide proof of vaccination in order to enter certain establishments open to the 
general public. Desjardins Group continues to make the health and safety of its members, clients, and 
employees its top priority.  
As mentioned in the “Economic environment and outlook” section of the DG 2021 Q3 MD&A 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, the spread of COVID-19 has had a disruptive impact on 
the countries and Canadian provinces where Desjardins Group operates, and on the global economy in 
general, while triggering higher volatility on financial markets. Should the COVID-19 pandemic be prolonged 
or should subsequent waves of the pandemic occur, or should other variants or diseases appear with similar 
effects, the adverse impact on the global economy could be exacerbated and lead to declines on financial 
markets. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic could have a negative effect on Desjardins Group’s 
operations, operating results, profitability, reputation, and financial position for an undetermined, 
considerable period of time. Desjardins Group is continuing to monitor developments in the COVID-19 
pandemic and the potential detrimental effects on its operations. The pandemic’s repercussions on the 
economy and the markets as well as on Desjardins Group’s operations and financial position depend on 
highly uncertain future developments that are difficult to foresee given the uncertainty about the magnitude, 
gravity and duration of the pandemic, the size of the current wave in Québec and the rest of Canada, 
vaccines’ long-term efficacy, as well as the possibility of subsequent waves or the emergence of new 
variants that could force the closure of certain sectors of the economy, or result in additional closures or a 
tightening of lockdown measures by government authorities. More information on the impact of the 
pandemic may be found under “COVID-19 pandemic” in Section 1.3 “Significant events” of the DG 2020 
MD&A incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The COVID-19 pandemic has led to, or could lead to, an increase in some of the risks described in the 
“Risk management” section of the DG 2021 Q3 MD&A and of the DG 2020 MD&A, including credit, market 
and liquidity risks, operational risk and insurance risk. The COVID-19 pandemic and its associated risks 
are the main situation being monitored by Desjardins Group. For details about the impact of the pandemic 
on risks, see the “Risk management” section of the DG 2021 Q3 MD&A and the DG 2020 MD&A 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Desjardins Group released its medium-term financial objectives in the DG 2020 Annual Report. The 
environment of great uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to affect the global 
economy and global markets as well as Desjardins Group’s operations, results and financial position in 
2021. The key medium-term indicators presented in the DG 2020 Annual Report did not take into account 
the possible repercussions of the COVID-19 pandemic or other extraordinary events on Desjardins Group’s 
ability to achieve its medium-term financial objectives.

--- Page 32 ---
-14- 
For further details about the impact of the pandemic on risks, see the “Risk management” section of 
the DG 2021 Q3 Report incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
(ii) Security Breaches 
Risks related to cyber threats have been on the rise for a number of years. Both the aggregation of 
new services for members and clients and the exposure of online services are becoming increasingly 
complex and gradually extending to more and more areas and products. Increased monitoring of Desjardins 
Group’s employees and infrastructures, including that of applications involving confidential data, has been 
set up in order to better meet the performance needs of teleworking and to mitigate the risks associated 
with service interruptions, information security and reputation. In addition, the perpetrators of cyber threats 
are using increasingly sophisticated methods and strategies for criminal purposes. 
Consequently, Desjardins Group has been investing for many years in technology to strengthen its 
cyber defence capabilities in order to detect security incidents as quickly as possible; in its processes, by 
optimizing such processes to respond efficiently to incidents; and in its employees, by attracting and training 
them in order to continue developing its defence methods. The creation of the Desjardins Group Security 
Office in January 2020 has reinforced the protection of members’ and clients’ assets, including their 
personal information. The security office now brings together the organization’s cross-sector strategic 
security operations, including fraud management, optimal resource allocation and security investments. 
Despite these developments, there is no indication that Desjardins Group would be less at risk than other 
Canadian financial institutions. In the event of a successful cyber attack, Desjardins Group would be 
exposed to financial loss, reputational loss, the risk of not achieving its business objectives as well as major 
disruption in its operations.  
(iii)  Government, corporate and household indebtedness risk 
Despite a slight improvement since the spring of 2020, excessive household debt remains a major 
concern, especially considering the vitality of the housing market in the past few months. This has recently 
been compounded by concerns about the rapid increase in government debt (due to recovery plans) and 
corporate debt. Developments in interest rates after the COVID-19 pandemic will therefore be decisive in 
this regard. This poses a medium- to long-term risk in the event of a new labour market shock or an 
unexpected rise in interest rates. In particular, it could lead to a decline in the housing market, which has 
experienced solid growth in recent years, despite tighter mortgage granting rules. Nonetheless, Desjardins 
remains proactive in assisting members and clients who could be affected in the event of such a situation. 
Desjardins Group has sound practices in granting and managing mortgage financing, including a stress 
test involving interest rates for mortgage financing. 
The Federation’s operations are heavily concentrated in Québec. See “Fédération des caisses 
Desjardins du Québec” on pages 362 - 372 of this Base Prospectus for additional information. As at 
December 31, 2020, Desjardins Group’s loans to Québec members and clients accounted for 91.0% of its 
aggregate loan portfolio. As a result of this significant geographic concentration, the Federation’s results 
largely depend on economic conditions in Québec. Any deterioration in economic conditions in this market 
could adversely impact: 
(i) 
past due loans; 
(ii) 
problem assets and foreclosed property;

--- Page 33 ---
-15- 
(iii) 
claims and lawsuits; 
(iv) 
the demand for products and services; and 
(v) 
the value of the collateral available for loans, especially mortgages, and by extension, clients’ and 
members’ borrowing capacity, the value of assets associated with impaired loans and collateral 
coverage. 
Adverse developments in the Québec economy could, accordingly, have negative effects on the 
Federation’s and Desjardins Group’s business and on their respective financial performance and position.  
(iv) Technological developments 
Innovative technologies are being increasingly taken into consideration and adopted by financial 
institutions. These innovative technologies represent a crucial vector for transforming business processes 
and models. See “Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec – Competition” on pages 371 - 372 of this 
Base Prospectus for additional information. Use of these technologies exposes financial institutions to other 
risks relating to cyber threats, system stability, the modernizing of infrastructure, complex environments, 
systems interdependence, and digital transformation. The public health crisis related to the COVID-19 
pandemic has also accelerated the digital shift in order to meet members’ and clients’ growing needs to 
access banking transactions remotely.  
Regulatory authorities’ expectations and the regulatory environment will be increasingly demanding, 
and financial sector requirements will continue to grow in terms of managing technology risk. The growing 
presence of FinTech and InsurTech, which offer simple, innovative technology solutions that meet the 
expectations of members and clients, puts more pressure on traditional financial institutions to adapt.  
Desjardins Group, including the Federation, has been no exception and remains active in managing 
this operational and strategic risk, among others, by investing in technology and by reviewing and 
diversifying its products, services and distribution channels to meet the needs of its members and clients.  
(iv) Interest rate development 
Interest rates have been globally low during the COVID-19 pandemic.  Economic recovery is at the date of 
this Base Prospectus underway in most parts of the world and, as a consequence of supply and demand 
imbalances, production constraints due to the pandemic and supply problems, there has been an upward 
pressure on prices and a prevalence of inflation in the global economy that could subsist, particularly in the 
event wage and accommodation pressures also increase.  In such circumstances, the Bank of Canada has 
gradually reduced its quantitative purchases of obligations in financial markets to move to a reinvestment 
phase in October 2021. The first increase of key Canadian interest rates could be implemented in April 
2022. In the United States, the first increase of key interest rates could be announced in June 2022.  
This situation also affects Desjardins Group’s insurer and pension plan matching activities while liability 
valuations increase and return on assets decreases. Desjardins Group is still actively involved in its 
matching strategies and effectively manages these risks. The highly-volatile interest rate environment 
continues to result in the widening of credit spreads and a considerable reduction in the general level of 
interest rates. These elements have very negative repercussions on portfolios intended for long-term 
strategies aimed at ensuring the stability of these market parameters.

--- Page 34 ---
-16- 
(v) Geopolitical uncertainties 
 
The evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic is still the main uncertainty affecting the economic and 
financial outlook. As for other risks, the global economy will be more vulnerable to new shocks as it emerges 
from the pandemic. The social and geopolitical climate could also deteriorate with new terrorist attacks, 
armed conflicts or cyber-attacks. In the U.S., the alarming rise in extreme right-wing groups may create 
uncertainty. See “Principal risks relating to the Federation and Desjardins Group – Environmental or social 
risk and climate change” on pages 10 - 12 of this Base Prospectus for additional information. Lastly, a latent 
risk concerning climate change could lead to a shock to the global economy. Aware of the strength of global 
economic integration, Desjardins Group, including the Federation, remains vigilant and continues to rely on 
its robust risk management framework to identify, measure and mitigate risk. These geopolitical risks may 
adversely impact macro-economic and financial market conditions relevant to the Federation and 
Desjardins Group and, consequently, adversely impact their respective financial performance and position. 
3. OTHER RISK FACTORS THAT COULD IMPACT FUTURE RESULTS 
(i) Critical accounting estimates and accounting standards 
The DG 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, was prepared 
in accordance with the IFRS. The accounting policies used by Desjardins Group determine how it reports 
its financial position and result of operations, and management may be required to make estimates or rely 
on assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. Any change in these estimates and 
assumptions, as well as in accounting standards and policies, may have a significant impact on the 
Federation’s and Desjardins Group’s financial position and results of operations.  
As detailed under “Critical accounting policies and estimates” of the DG 2020 Annual Report, which 
are incorporated herein by reference, certain accounting policies have been identified as being of particular 
importance in presenting the Federation’s and Desjardins Group’s financial position and operating results 
because they require management to make judgments as well as estimates and assumptions that may 
affect the reported amounts of some assets, liabilities, income and expenses, as well as related information. 
The significant accounting policies that required management to make difficult, subjective or complex 
judgments, often involving uncertainties related to the structured entities that the Federation or Desjardins 
Group consolidates, the determination of the fair value of financial instruments, the derecognition of 
financial assets, the impairment of financial instruments, the impairment of “available-for-sale” securities 
under IAS 39 considered for the overlay approach, the impairment of non-financial assets, insurance 
contract liabilities, provisions and contingent liabilities, income taxes on surplus earnings, dividends to 
member caisses of the Federation or to members of Desjardins Group, as applicable, and fringe benefits.  
In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic created new sources of uncertainty having an impact on 
judgments as well as estimates and assumptions made by management in preparing the DG 2020 Annual 
Report. This particularly affects the impairment of securities designated for the overlay approach, the loss 
allowance for expected credit losses, financial asset derecognition and insurance contract liabilities. 
Desjardins Group continues to closely monitor developments in the pandemic and its impact on judgments, 
and critical accounting estimates and assumptions: 
• 
Securities designated for the overlay approach were examined at the reporting date to determine 
whether there was any objective evidence that they were impaired, and Desjardins Group did not

--- Page 35 ---
-17- 
record any impairment losses. 
• 
For more information about significant judgments made to estimate the loss allowance for expected 
credit losses, see Note 7 (Loans and allowance for credit losses) to the DG 2020 Annual Report. 
• 
The participations in the Canada Emergency Business Account (CEBA) were assessed to 
determine whether the criteria for financial asset derecognition were met. For more information, 
see Note 8 (Derecognition of financial assets) to the DG 2020 Annual Report. 
• 
Assumptions used to calculate insurance contract liabilities take into account economic 
uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Any changes to these estimates and assumptions may have a significant impact on the Federation’s 
and Desjardins Group’s operating results and financial position.  
(ii) New products and services to maintain or increase market share 
Strong competitive pressures from Canadian financial institutions and the emergence of new 
competitors, as described under “Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec - Competition” on pages 
371 - 372 of this Base Prospectus, have led Desjardins Group to develop new products and services at a 
faster pace to maintain or increase its attractiveness as a financial institution with its clients. Developing 
these new products and services could require large investments by Desjardins Group or involve risks not 
identified at the time of their development. These negative risks could, if they arise, negatively affect the 
Federation’s and Desjardins Group’s financial positions, performances, cash flows, results of operations 
and prospects. Moreover, the Federation and Desjardins Group Desjardins cannot be certain that the new 
products and services it offers will result in the anticipated financial benefits.  
(iii) Acquisitions and joint arrangements 
Desjardins Group has implemented a rigorous internal control environment for the acquisition and joint 
arrangement processes.  
Nevertheless, its financial or strategic objectives could fail to be met because of unexpected factors 
such as delays in approval of transactions by regulators or their imposing of additional conditions, the 
inability to apply the strategic plan in its original form, difficulties in integrating or retaining clients, an 
increase in regulatory costs, unexpected expenses, or changes in the economic and competitive 
environment as described under “Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec – Principal Business” on 
pages 368 – 371 of this Base Prospectus.  
As a result, synergies, higher income, cost savings, increased market share and other expected 
benefits may not materialize or may be delayed, thereby impacting Desjardins Group’s financial condition 
and future surplus earnings and financial condition.  
(iv) Credit ratings 
The credit ratings assigned to the Federation by rating agencies are instrumental to its access to 
sources of wholesale funding and the cost of such funding. These ratings, as set out on pages 380 - 382 
of this Base Prospectus, may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the agencies. In addition, a significant

--- Page 36 ---
-18- 
downgrade to various ratings could raise the Federation’s and Desjardins Group’s cost of funding, reduce 
its access to financial markets, and increase additional obligations required by its counterparties.  
In the event that a rating assigned to the Federation or the Notes is suspended, lowered or withdrawn 
for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with 
respect to the Notes. As a result, the Federation, the market value of the Notes and the ability of the 
Federation to make payments under the Notes may all be adversely affected.  
There is no assurance that a rating will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be 
suspended, lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so 
warrant.  In the event that a rating assigned to the Federation or the Notes is subsequently suspended, 
lowered or withdrawn for any reason, other than as specified herein, no person or entity is obliged to provide 
any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. As a result, the Federation, the 
market value of the Notes, and the ability of the Federation to make payments under the Notes may all be 
adversely affected.  
4. FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
(i)  Risks related to all Notes 
(a) The Federation is the sole obligor of the Notes 
The Federation is the sole obligor of the Notes and will be solely responsible for payments of principal 
and interest on the Notes; provided that in the event of the winding-up, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Federation in accordance with applicable law, the Senior Notes will rank equally in right 
of payment with all deposit liabilities and other unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities of the Groupe 
coopératif Desjardins except as may be provided by law and subject to the exercise of the Resolution 
Powers, and the NVCC Subordinated Notes will rank in the manner described in Condition 3(b) of the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" and Condition 4(b) of the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Registered Notes" on pages 100 and 279, respectively of this Base Prospectus. The Notes are not insured 
under the Deposit Institutions Act, the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act or by any governmental 
agency and are not guaranteed by Desjardins Group or any other affiliate of the Federation or member of 
Desjardins Group. The fact that the Desjardins Caisses are required to fund the Federation by way of 
assessments made by the Federation by law or otherwise is not in any way a guarantee of the Notes, and 
purchasers of Notes will not have any rights as third party beneficiaries or otherwise in connection therewith 
and will not have any right to benefit from any guarantee or any other form of credit support or receive any 
other payment in respect of the Notes from, in each case, any member of the Desjardins Group or any 
other affiliate of the Federation.  
(b) The Federation is dependent on the Desjardins Caisses and the other members of Desjardins 
Group 
A significant portion of the Federation's cash flow and income is derived from its lending and other 
relationships with other members of Desjardins Group, including on interest and other payments from the 
caisses and the other members of Desjardins Group. See "Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec" 
on pages 354 - 382 of this Base Prospectus for additional information. Accordingly, conditions adversely 
affecting the caisses and the other members of Desjardins Group could impair the Federation's ability to

--- Page 37 ---
-19- 
satisfy its obligations. 
(c) Modification and waivers 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders (and to modify 
or waive certain Terms and Conditions of the Notes or covenants and agreements made by the Federation). 
See Condition 14 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" on page 166 and Condition 14 of the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Registered Notes" on page 294 of this Base Prospectus for additional 
information. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes that provide that an amendment, modification, waiver or 
authorization that may affect the eligibility of the NVCC Subordinated Notes to continue to be treated as 
regulatory capital under the AMF Guideline or of the Bail-inable Notes to continue to be treated as TLAC 
under the TLAC Guideline shall require the prior written approval of the AMF. 
(d) Resolution Powers conferred on the AMF under the Deposit Institutions Act and the regulations 
thereunder provide it with substantial powers designed to enable it to take a range of actions, which if taken 
could result in Noteholders being exposed to losses 
The Deposit Institutions Act, the Prescribed Debt Regulations, other regulations under the Deposit 
Institutions Act and certain other laws, regulations and guidelines collectively provide for a recapitalization 
regime (the "Bail-in Regime") for domestic systemically important financial institutions belonging to a 
cooperative group such as the Federation ("Deposit Institutions"), which Bail-in Regime is substantially 
similar to the regime to which Canadian domestic systemically important banks are subject to under 
Canadian federal law.  
Under the Deposit Institutions Act, the AMF has to notify the resolution board (composed of the person 
appointed as Deputy Minister of Finance, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the AMF and a third 
person appointed by the Minister of Finance) without delay if it considers that the failure of a Deposit 
Institution is likely to cause the failure of other deposit institutions belonging to the cooperative group and 
that the powers conferred on it by the Cooperatives Act are insufficient to remedy the situation. If the 
resolution board deems that it is in the public interest to implement resolution operations in respect of the 
Deposit Institution, it will order the implementation of such resolution operations by the AMF, which order 
will be final and conclusive and not be questioned or reviewed in any court. 
Unless otherwise provided for in the Deposit Institutions Act, among other things, during the resolution 
operations, (i) no civil, administrative or arbitration proceedings may be brought against the legal persons 
belonging to the cooperative group, (ii) indemnification may not be claimed from such legal persons, and 
(iii) no one may terminate a contract entered into with such legal person, amend it or cause the legal person 
to lose the benefit of the term stipulated in the contract (except for certain prescribed reasons).  
During the resolution operations, the AMF may implement any resolution operation without the 
consent, authorization or approval of anyone if the operation is in the AMF's resolution plan, or with the sole 
authorization of the resolution board if it is not in the resolution plan. Among other things, and in addition to 
the Bail-in Powers in respect of Bail-inable Notes, the AMF may (i) amalgamate all the Québec financial 
services cooperatives as well as the security fund (such as the Fonds de sécurité Desjardins) belonging to 
the same cooperative group and have them continue as one Québec savings company, (ii) establish a 
financial services cooperative, a Québec savings company or a trust company in order to have it assume

--- Page 38 ---
-20- 
the liabilities relating to deposits of money of a Deposit Institution (such person is referred to as a "bridge 
institution"), (iii) establish a business corporation with a view of transferring any part of the assets or 
liabilities of a legal person belonging to the cooperative group to such business corporation, except liabilities 
relating to deposits of money (such business corporation is referred to as an "asset management 
company"), and/or (iv) transfer the assets and liabilities of a legal person belonging to the cooperative 
group to any acquirer (or renounce the exercise of a right or concede a right in an asset or a liability), in 
each case, pursuant to the provisions of "Division II – Resolution Process" (sections 40.6 to 40.57) of the 
Deposit Institutions Act.  See "Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec – Internal recapitalization 
(bail-in) regime and total loss absorption capacity" on page 365 to 367 of this Base Prospectus for additional 
information. 
On 21 March 2019, the AMF issued the Notice relating to the bail-in power set out in the second 
paragraph of Section 40.50 of the Deposit Insurance Act (the "Notice"). The Notice sets forth the actions 
the AMF intends to take in the event that the resolution board under the Deposit Insurance Act orders the 
implementation of resolution operations in respect of Groupe coopératif Desjardins. The AMF currently 
intends to propose to the resolution board to effect a Bail-in Conversion and convert "prescribed debt" (as 
defined in the Prescribed Debt Regulations, which includes Bail-inable Notes) of the Federation into capital 
shares of the Federation, and subsequently carry out an amalgamation/continuance operation, the purpose 
of which would be to amalgamate the entities belonging to Groupe coopératif Desjardins and have them 
continued as a Québec savings company. Such amalgamation/continuance would result in all capital 
shares of the Federation being converted into common shares of the new Québec savings company. There 
is no assurance as to the value or liquidity of any such common shares or other securities. 
As a result of the above, Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose some or all of their 
investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest, if the AMF were to take action under 
its Resolution Powers, subject to the indemnification process under the Deposit Institutions Act. 
 
(e) Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination (including after the exercise of 
Bail-in Powers by the AMF or any other Resolution Powers) may be unable to sell their Notes and may be 
adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which has denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination and may be tradeable in the clearing systems in the minimum Specified Denomination and 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in the clearing systems in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In addition, in the case of a partial Bail-in 
Conversion by the AMF or any other resolution action in respect of Bail-inable Notes generally, a Noteholder 
may, as a result of such partial conversion or other resolution action, end up with an amount that is less than 
a minimum Specified Denomination. In such cases, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts 
or as a result of a Bail-in Conversion or other resolution action by the AMF in respect of Bail-inable Notes, 
holds an amount that is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant 
clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal 
amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding of Notes 
amounts to at least the minimum Specified Denomination. Further, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts or as a result of the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the AMF or, as the case may be, other 
resolution action in respect of Bail-inable Notes, holds an amount which is less that the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a

--- Page 39 ---
-21- 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase 
a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination before definitive Notes are issued to such holders. 
If definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
(f) Listing of Class Z Shares (or Conversion Securities) on a Stock Exchange 
While the Federation currently intends to use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Class Z 
Shares (or the Conversion Securities, as applicable) issued upon an Automatic Conversion and/or a Bail-
in Conversion listed on a recognized stock exchange, there is no assurance that such Class Z Shares or 
Conversion Securities, as applicable, will be listed on such recognized stock exchange, or at all, or that, if 
made, any such listing would be maintained. In addition, any such listing would be made only as soon as 
the Federation, in its sole discretion, considers it practicable following the issue of such Class Z Shares (or 
the Conversion Securities, as applicable), and consequently there may be a significant delay between the 
Automatic Conversion and/or the Bail-in Conversion, on the one hand, and any such listing, if at all, on the 
other hand. 
(g) No obligation to maintain listing 
The Federation is not under any obligation to Noteholders to maintain any listing of Notes and may, in 
good faith, determine that it is unduly onerous to maintain such listing and seek to terminate the listing of 
such Notes provided it uses its best efforts to seek an alternative admission to listing, trading and/or 
quotation of such Notes by another listing authority, securities exchange and/or quotation system (including 
a market which is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or a market outside of the EEA), 
provided that such stock exchange shall be commonly used for the listing and trading of debt securities in 
the international bond markets, as it may reasonably decide. However, if such alternative listing is not 
available or, in the opinion of the Federation, is unduly onerous, the Notes may be delisted and an 
alternative listing may not be obtained and the Issuer is not obliged to so obtain.  Although there is no 
assurance as to the liquidity of any Notes as a result of the admission to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II or any other market, delisting such Notes may have a material effect on the ability 
of investors to (a) continue to hold such Notes, (b) resell the Notes in the secondary market or (c) use the 
Notes as eligible collateral. 
(h) Changes to the Federation's credit ratings 
There is no assurance that a rating will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be 
suspended, lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the 
future so warrant. In the event that a rating assigned to the Notes or the Federation is subsequently 
suspended, lowered or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional 
support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes, the Federation may be adversely affected, the 
market value of the Notes is likely to be adversely affected and the ability of the Federation to make 
payments under the Notes may be adversely affected.

--- Page 40 ---
-22- 
(i) The Notes constitute unsecured obligations of the Federation and are structurally subordinated to 
the liabilities of its subsidiaries; the Federation may be unable to pay interest on or repay the Notes 
The Notes are unsecured and, except for NVCC Subordinated Notes, unsubordinated obligations of 
the Federation and, except for the NVCC Subordinated Notes, will rank equally in right of payment with all 
of its other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, subject to applicable laws and 
to the exercise of Resolution Powers, if applicable. The Notes are not secured by any of the Federation's 
assets. Any future claims of secured lenders with respect to the Federation's assets securing their loans 
will be prior to any claim of a holder of the Notes with respect to those assets. 
The Federation's subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities from it. The Federation's 
subsidiaries have no obligation to pay any amounts due under the Notes or to provide it with funds to meet 
its payment obligations under the Notes, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or other 
payments. However, in the event of winding-up, an insolvency, a bankruptcy, a liquidation or a dissolution 
of the Federation in accordance with applicable law, payment obligations under the Notes will become the 
obligations of Groupe coopératif Desjardins. In the event of winding-up, an insolvency, a bankruptcy, a 
liquidation or a dissolution of the Federation in accordance with applicable law, the Senior Notes will rank 
equally in right of payment with all deposit liabilities and other unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities of 
the Groupe coopératif Desjardins, except as may be provided by law and subject to the exercise of 
Resolution Powers, and the NVCC Subordinated Notes will rank in the manner described in Condition 3(b) 
of the "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" and Condition 4(b) of the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Registered Notes" on pages 100 and 279, respectively of this Base Prospectus. In addition, any payment 
of dividends, loans or advances by the Federation's subsidiaries could be subject to statutory or contractual 
restrictions. Payments to the Federation by its subsidiaries will also be contingent upon the subsidiaries' 
earnings, cash flow and other business considerations. The Federation's right to receive any assets of its 
subsidiaries upon their bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, and therefore the right of the holders of 
the Notes to participate in those assets, will be structurally subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary's 
creditors, including trade creditors. In addition, even if the Federation is the creditor of its subsidiaries, its 
right as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest in such assets of its subsidiaries and any 
indebtedness of its subsidiaries senior in right of payment to that held by it.  
See also "Changes in regulations and related matters (including recapitalization regime for domestic 
systemically important banks and deposit-taking institutions)" and "Regulatory Requirements" below on 
pages 11 and 364, respectively, of this Base Prospectus for complete disclosure of resolution mechanisms 
under the Deposit Institutions Act and the Prescribed Debt Regulations. See further risk factors relating to 
Bail-inable Notes and NVCC Subordinated Notes under "Risks related to all Notes" and "Risks related to 
the structure of a particular issue of Notes", starting on pages 18 and 24, respectively, of this Base 
Prospectus for further information on Bail-inable Notes and NVCC Subordinated Notes. 
(j) The Notes will not limit the Federation's ability, or the ability of the other members of Desjardins 
Group, to incur future indebtedness, pay dividends, repurchase securities, engage in transactions with 
affiliates or engage in other activities, which could adversely affect the Federation's ability to pay its 
obligations under the Notes 
Other than as set forth below with respect to subordinated indebtedness of the Federation, the Notes 
do not place any limitation on the amount of secured or unsecured debt that the Federation may incur and 
will not limit the Federation's ability to incur additional indebtedness, issue or repurchase securities, pay

--- Page 41 ---
-23- 
dividends or engage in transactions with affiliates. Therefore, the Federation may pay dividends and incur 
additional debt, including secured indebtedness in certain circumstances or indebtedness by, or other 
obligations of, subsidiaries to which the Notes would be structurally subordinated. Similarly, the Notes do 
not limit the ability of the other members of Desjardins Group to which the Federation extends credit from 
incurring secured or unsecured indebtedness or engaging any of the transactions referred to above.  
If the Negative Covenant is specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, so long 
as NVCC Subordinated Notes remain outstanding, the Federation will not create, issue or incur any 
indebtedness subordinate in right of payment to the deposit liabilities of the Federation (including, in the 
event of a merger, amalgamation, combination or consolidation of the members of Groupe coopératif 
Desjardins (by law or otherwise), the deposit liabilities of other entities forming part of Groupe coopératif 
Desjardins) which, in the event of the winding-up, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the 
Federation in accordance with applicable law, would rank in right of payment in priority to such NVCC 
Subordinated Notes. 
The Federation's ability to incur additional indebtedness and use its funds for numerous purposes, and 
the ability of the Federation and the other members of Desjardins Group on which the Federation depends 
for its earnings and cash flow to incur indebtedness and use their funds for other purposes, may limit the 
funds available to pay the Federation's obligations under the Notes. 
(k) The terms and conditions of the Notes, including the covenants and events of default differ from 
the terms and conditions of some of the other debt securities of the Federation, which remain outstanding. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes, including, among other provisions, the covenants and events 
of default with respect to the Notes, differ from the terms and conditions of some other debt securities for 
which the Federation is responsible that remain outstanding. For example, the Notes do not have a 
covenant restricting the grant of liens and guarantees by the Federation's subsidiaries and cross-default 
event of default provisions that are contained in some of the Federation's outstanding debt securities. In 
the event that the Federation or its subsidiaries incur liens or its subsidiaries issue guarantees of 
indebtedness, the Federation's debt securities that have the benefit of the covenant restricting the grant of 
liens and guarantees may also be required to be secured or guaranteed on a pro rata basis with such other 
indebtedness. As a result, the Notes would be effectively or structurally subordinated to such debt 
securities.  
(l) In the event that the Federation becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be governed by 
Canadian Law and payments to Noteholders may be limited or delayed. 
It may be possible for the Federation to be subject to two Canadian federal insolvency laws (the 
Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act (the "CCAA") and the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (the "BIA")), 
and to the provincial Winding-up Act (Québec) (the "WUA"). These laws may be different from the 
insolvency or bankruptcy laws of other countries. In particular, proceedings under the CCAA, which 
provides for the potential re-organization of an insolvent legal person, differ from proceedings under 
Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Further, if the Federation becomes insolvent, the treatment and 
ranking of the holders of the Notes, depositors and other creditors of the Federation under Canadian 
insolvency laws or the WUA may be different from the treatment and ranking under the insolvency laws of 
other countries, and same goes for holders of the Federation's qualifying shares, investment shares or 
capital shares.

--- Page 42 ---
-24- 
The Notes may be challenged under applicable insolvency or other laws, which could impair the 
enforceability of the Notes. Under insolvency laws in Canada, a note could be voided. In addition, various 
other orders could be made in a court in relation to the Notes, such as orders preventing payments being 
made under the Notes, and orders requiring the repayment of monies paid or providing for the discharge 
of debts. 
See also "Changes in regulations and related matters (including recapitalization regime for 
domestic systemically important banks and deposit-taking institutions)" and "Regulatory Requirements" 
below on pages 11 and 364, respectively, of this Base Prospectus for complete disclosure of resolution 
mechanisms under the Deposit Institutions Act and the Prescribed Debt Regulations. See further the risk 
factors relating to Bail-inable Notes and NVCC Subordinated Notes under "Risks related to all Notes" and 
"Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes", starting on pages 18 and 24, respectively, of 
this Base Prospectus for further information on Bail-inable Notes and the NVCC Subordinated Notes. 
(m) Noteholders might have difficulty enforcing their rights against the Federation and its directors and 
officers. 
The Federation is constituted under the laws of Québec pursuant to the Cooperatives Act. All of its 
directors and executive officers and some of the experts named in this Base Prospectus, reside in Canada, 
and all or a substantial portion of the Federation's assets and the assets of such persons are located in 
Canada. As a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process outside of Canada upon such persons, 
or to realize upon judgments rendered against the Federation or such persons by courts outside of Canada 
predicated upon, among other things, the civil liability provisions of non-Canadian securities laws. In 
addition, it may be difficult for holders of Notes to enforce, in original actions brought in courts in jurisdictions 
located in Canada, among other things, civil liabilities predicated upon such securities laws.  
(n) Tax treatment 
The tax treatment of any amount to be paid to a Noteholder in relation to the Notes may reduce such 
Noteholder´s effective yield on such Notes. Tax treatment may change before the maturity or the 
redemption of the Notes and may result in early redemption of the Notes and/or the Noteholder receiving a 
lower return on the Notes. 
(o) Change of Tax Law 
Statements in this Base Prospectus concerning the taxation of a Noteholder are of a general nature 
and are based upon current tax law and published government or administrative practice in the jurisdictions 
stated. Such law and government or administrative practice is, in principle, subject to change, possibly with 
retrospective effect, and this could adversely affect Noteholders.  
(ii) Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
(a) Notes subject to optional redemption by the Federation 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Federation may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 43 ---
-25- 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement provide for an Issuer Call Option, the Federation may redeem 
all or some of the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those 
times, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
(b) Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, which may affect the secondary market value and/or 
the real value of the Fixed Rate Notes over time due to fluctuations in market interest rates and the effects 
of inflation 
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate. Investors should note that (i) if market interest rates start 
to rise then the income to be paid on the Fixed Rate Notes might become less attractive and the price the 
investors may get if they sell such Fixed Rate Notes could fall (however, the market price of the Fixed Rate 
Notes has no effect on the interest amounts due on the Fixed Rate Notes or what investors will be due to 
be repaid on the Maturity Date if the Fixed Rate Notes are held by the investor issued until they mature) 
and (ii) inflation will reduce the real value of the Fixed Rate Notes over time which may affect what investors 
can buy with the investments in the future and which may make the fixed interest rate on the Fixed Rate 
Notes less attractive in the future. 
(c) Floating Rate Notes with caps or floors 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include caps or floors, 
or other leverage multipliers, or factors, or other similar related features, their market values may be even more 
volatile than those of securities that do not include those features. 
(d) Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating 
Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a 
definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments having a fixed interest rate. If the terms and conditions of the 
Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are even more exposed to the reinvestment 
risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at 
the relevant lower interest rates at the prevailing time of any such interest payment. In addition, the 
Federation's ability to issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and secondary market (if any) 
of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
(e) Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest that convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, including where such conversion is at the option of the Federation. This may 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes, in particular if the conversion arises at a 
time when the new rate produces a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Federation. If the Federation has 
the ability to convert the interest rate, the Federation will be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. For example if the Federation converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating

--- Page 44 ---
-26- 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on the other Notes. If the Federation converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on its Notes. 
 
(f) Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
A holder of Notes with a fixed rate of interest that will periodically reset during the term of the relevant 
Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fixed Rate 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. 
On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to be the sum of (i) the applicable Mid-Swap Rate, Benchmark Gilt 
Rate or Reference Bond Rate and (ii) the relevant Margin as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent 
Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the value of an investment in the Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
(g) Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience significant price volatility in 
response to changes in interest rates 
The issue price of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may be more 
than the market value of such Notes as of the issue date, and the price, if any at which a Dealer or any 
other person willing to purchase the Notes in secondary market transactions may be lower than the issue 
price. 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their nominal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing Notes. If market interest rates increase, such Notes can suffer higher price losses as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
Notes with comparable maturities and credit. 
(h) Criminal Rates of Interest 
Canada has a Criminal Code which prohibits the receipt of "interest" (as such term is broadly defined 
therein) at a "criminal rate" (namely, an effective annual rate of interest that exceeds 60 per cent.). 
Accordingly, the provisions for the payment of interest or a redemption price in excess of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes may not be enforceable if the provision provides for the payment of "interest" 
in excess of an effective annual rate of interest of 60 per cent. 
In addition, with respect to Notes governed by New York Law, under present New York law, the 
maximum rate of interest is 25 per cent. per annum on a simple interest basis. This limit may not apply to 
securities in which US$2,500,000 or more has been invested.  
(i) Bearer Notes in NGN form and Euro Regulation S Notes held under the NSS 
Bearer Notes in NGN form and Euro Regulation S Notes held under the NSS allow for the possibility of 
such Notes being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral 
for monetary policy of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. However, in any

--- Page 45 ---
-27- 
particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the 
relevant time. Investors should make their own assessment as to whether such Notes meet such 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria and be aware that such eligibility criteria is updated and/or supplemented from 
time to time. As of 16 April 2018, Senior Notes denominated in any currency are not eligible to be used as 
collateral in the Eurosystem. 
(j)  Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes 
The Federation may issue Notes with principal, premium or interest determined by reference to an index 
or formula, to changes in the prices of securities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other factors 
(each, a "Relevant Factor"). In addition, the Federation may issue Notes with principal or interest payable 
in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factors, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest 
payable likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant 
Factors, the greater the effect on yield. The historical experience of an index should not be viewed 
as an indication of the future performance of such index during the term of any Index Linked Notes. 
Accordingly, each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisors about the 
risk entailed by an investment in any Index Linked Notes and the suitability of such Notes in light 
of its particular circumstances. 
The historical experience of an index should not be viewed as an indication of the future performance 
of such index during the term of any Index Linked Notes. Accordingly, each potential investor should consult 
its own financial and legal advisors about the risk entailed by an investment in any Index Linked Notes and 
the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
(k) Partly Paid Notes 
The Federation may issue Senior Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. 
Failure to pay any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of his investment.

--- Page 46 ---
-28- 
(l) Variable rate Note with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features, their market values may 
be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
(m) Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a 
reference rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market 
values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with 
otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the 
reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in 
prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
(n) Withholding Tax and Early Redemption 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes or Coupon shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for taxes, duties, assessments or charges, unless required by law or by the 
interpretation or administration thereof. In that event, the Federation will have to pay an additional amount 
to the Noteholders. However, such additional amount will not be payable in certain circumstances, resulting 
in a lower return on the Notes for the Noteholders. If an additional amount is payable, the Federation may, 
at its option, and provided certain conditions are met, redeem the Notes.  
(o) NVCC Subordinated Notes 
Remedies for the Federation's breach of its obligations under the NVCC Subordinated Notes are limited 
Absent an Event of Default in respect of the NVCC Subordinated Notes (which shall occur if, among 
other things, the Federation becomes insolvent or bankrupt or subject to the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution provisions of the Cooperatives Act other than, in each case, for the purposes of, or as part of, 
an Exempt Restructuring, as described in Condition 12 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" 
and Condition 12 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Registered Notes", as set out on pages 162 and 295 
of this Base Prospectus, respectively), the holders of the NVCC Subordinated Notes shall not be entitled 
to declare the principal amount of the NVCC Subordinated Notes due and payable under any circumstance. 
As a result, investors will have no right of acceleration in the event of (i) the non-payment or default in the 
payment of interest on the NVCC Subordinated Notes, or (ii) a default in the performance of any other 
covenant or other obligation of the Federation (whether in the Conditions, the NVCC Subordinated Notes 
or the Agency Agreements). For greater certainty, as elsewhere mentioned in this Base Prospectus, neither 
an Automatic Conversion upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event nor a Bail-in Conversion will 
constitute an Event of Default under the Conditions, the terms of the NVCC Subordinated Notes or the 
Agency Agreements.

--- Page 47 ---
-29- 
The NVCC Subordinated Notes are loss-absorption financial instruments that involve risk and may not be 
a suitable investment for all investors 
The NVCC Subordinated Notes are loss-absorption financial instruments designed to comply with 
regulations applicable for financial services cooperatives in Québec and involve certain risks. Each potential 
investor in the NVCC Subordinated Notes must determine the suitability (either alone or with the help of a 
financial adviser) of that investment in light of its own circumstances and each potential investor should 
understand thoroughly the terms of the NVCC Subordinated Notes, such as the provisions governing an 
Automatic Conversion, and under what circumstances a Non-Viability Trigger Event could occur. The NVCC 
Subordinated Notes do not constitute deposits and are not insured under the Deposit Institutions Act or the 
Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act.  
A potential investor should not invest in the NVCC Subordinated Notes unless it has the knowledge 
and expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the NVCC Subordinated Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the likelihood of an Automatic Conversion into 
Class Z Shares and the value of the NVCC Subordinated Notes, and the impact this investment will have 
on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. Prior to making an investment decision, potential 
investors should consider carefully, in light of their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, 
all the information contained in this Base Prospectus or incorporated by reference herein.  
The NVCC Subordinated Notes are subject to an automatic and immediate conversion into Class Z Shares 
upon a Non-Viability Trigger Event; following an Automatic Conversion, investors will no longer have rights 
as a creditor and will only have rights as a holder of Class Z Shares 
Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event and an Automatic Conversion, any accrued 
interest due and payable on the NVCC Subordinated Notes, together with the principal amount of such 
NVCC Subordinated Notes, shall be deemed paid in full by the issuance of Class Z Shares upon such 
conversion and an investment in NVCC Subordinated Notes will automatically and immediately become an 
investment in Class Z Shares without the consent of the holder. After an Automatic Conversion, a holder of 
NVCC Subordinated Notes will no longer have any further rights as a holder of subordinated indebtedness 
of the Federation and will only have rights as a holder of Class Z Shares and the Federation will have no 
further obligations under the NVCC Subordinated Notes. Absent an Automatic Conversion, the claims of 
holders of NVCC Subordinated Notes have certain priority of payment over the claims of holders of Class 
Z Shares.  
Given the nature of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, a holder of NVCC Subordinated Notes will become 
a holder of Class Z Shares at a time when the Federation's financial condition has deteriorated. If the 
Federation were to become wound-up, insolvent, bankrupt, liquidated or dissolved after the occurrence of 
a Non-Viability Trigger Event, as a result of an Automatic Conversion, the holders of Class Z Shares may 
receive, if anything, substantially less than the holders of the NVCC Subordinated Notes might have 
received had the NVCC Subordinated Notes not been converted into Class Z Shares.  
An Automatic Conversion may also occur at a time when a federal or provincial government in Canada 
has publicly announced that the Federation has accepted or agreed to accept a capital injection, or 
equivalent support from the federal government or any provincial government or political subdivision or 
agent or agency thereof, without which the Federation would have been determined by the AMF to be non-
viable, the terms of which capital injection or equivalent support may rank in priority to the Class Z Shares

--- Page 48 ---
-30- 
with respect to the payment of interest, rights on liquidation or other terms. 
After an Automatic Conversion, the rights, terms and conditions of the NVCC Subordinated Notes, 
including with respect to priority, subordination and rights on liquidation, will no longer be relevant as all 
such NVCC Subordinated Notes will have been converted on a full and permanent basis into Class Z 
Shares ranking on parity with all other outstanding Tier 1A capital ("fonds propres de la catégorie 1A" under 
the AMF Guideline) of the Federation (an equivalent to common equity tier 1, as applicable to Desjardins 
Group). Absent an Automatic Conversion, the claims of holders of NVCC Subordinated Notes have certain 
priority of payment over the claims of holders of Class Z Shares. If an Automatic Conversion occurs, then 
the interest of the Federation's depositors, other creditors of the Federation, and holders of the Federation's 
securities which are not contingent instruments will all rank in priority to the holders of contingent 
instruments of the Federation. 
Furthermore, the Federation has, and is expected to continue to have, outstanding from time to time 
other non-viability contingent capital instruments that will automatically convert into Class Z Shares upon a 
Non-Viability Trigger Event, thereby causing substantial additional dilutions to holders of NVCC 
Subordinated Notes who would become holders of Class Z Shares upon an Automatic Conversion. 
The number and value of Class Z Shares to be received on an Automatic Conversion may be worth 
significantly less than the principal amount of the NVCC Subordinated Notes and are variable and subject 
to further dilution 
The Federation is expected to have outstanding from time to time other securities including, without 
limitation, other subordinated indebtedness, that will automatically convert into Class Z Shares upon a Non-
Viability Trigger Event. Certain Series of non-viability contingent capital instruments may use a more 
favorable conversion rate (for example, using a higher Multiplier) than those applicable to other non-viability 
contingent capital instruments to determine the maximum number of Class Z Shares to be issued to holders 
of such instruments upon an Automatic Conversion. Accordingly, holders of certain series of NVCC 
Subordinated Notes may receive Class Z Shares pursuant to an Automatic Conversion at a time when 
other non-viability contingent capital instruments and other Federation securities may be converted into 
Class Z Shares at a conversion rate that is more favourable to the holders of such non-viability contingent 
capital instruments and other Federation securities than the rate applicable to the holders of NVCC 
Subordinated Notes of the relevant series, thereby the value of the Class Z Shares received by holders of 
such NVCC Subordinated Notes of the relevant series following an Automatic Conversion could be further 
diluted.  
If the NVCC Subordinated Notes are denominated in a currency other than Canadian dollars and the 
Conversion Price is in Canadian dollars, fluctuations in the exchange rates between these two currencies 
may adversely affect the number of Class Z Shares delivered to a Noteholder as a result of an Automatic 
Conversion. 
In the circumstances surrounding a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the AMF may also require other steps 
to be taken, or implement other resolution tools, to restore or maintain the viability of the Federation, such 
as a Bail-in Conversion, which may result in, among others, the issuance of additional contributed capital 
securities of the Federation (including Class Z Shares), of a deposit-taking institution that is part of the 
Groupe 
coopératif 
Desjardins 
or 
of 
a 
legal 
person 
constituted 
or 
resulting 
from 
an 
amalgamation/continuance or other conversion carried out for the purposes of the resolution of the

--- Page 49 ---
-31- 
Federation ("Conversion Securities"). Accordingly, holders of NVCC Subordinated Notes will receive 
Class Z Shares pursuant to an Automatic Conversion at a time when other debt obligations of the Issuer 
may be converted into Conversion Securities (including Class Z Shares), possibly at a conversion rate that 
is more favourable to the holders of such obligations than the rate applicable to the NVCC Subordinated 
Notes, and additional Conversion Securities ranking in priority to the Class Z Shares may be issued, thereby 
causing substantial dilution to holders of Class Z Shares and the holders of the NVCC Subordinated Notes, 
who will become holders of Class Z Shares upon the occurrence of an Non-Viability Trigger Event and an 
Automatic Conversion. 
In addition, on 21 March 2019, the AMF issued the Notice relating to the bail-in power set out in the 
second paragraph of Section 40.50 of the Deposit Insurance Act (the "Notice"). The Notice sets forth the 
actions the AMF intends to take in the event that the resolution board under the Deposit Insurance Act 
orders the implementation of resolution operations in respect of Groupe coopératif Desjardins. The AMF 
currently intends to propose to the resolution board to effect a Bail-in Conversion and convert "prescribed 
debt" (as defined in the Prescribed Debt Regulations) of the Federation into capital shares of the Federation 
(such as Class Z Shares), and subsequently carry out an amalgamation/continuance operation, the purpose 
of which would be to amalgamate the entities belonging to Groupe coopératif Desjardins and have them 
continued as a Québec savings company. Such amalgamation/continuance would result in all capital 
shares of the Federation (including Class Z Shares issued upon an Automatic Conversion, if any) being 
converted into common shares of the new Québec savings company. Given that a Bail-in Conversion could 
occur simultaneously with, or immediately after, the occurrence of an Automatic Conversion, there is no 
assurance that upon an Automatic Conversion, the NVCC Subordinated Notes would be converted into 
Class Z Shares of the Federation; rather, they could be converted into common shares of a Québec savings 
company, or other securities of an entity that does not yet exist. Furthermore, should a Bail-in Conversion 
occur following an Automatic Conversion, any Class Z Shares issued pursuant to an Automatic Conversion 
could be converted into common shares of Québec savings company, or other securities of an entity that 
does not yet exist. There is no assurance as to the value or liquidity of any such common shares or other 
securities. 
Fractions of Class Z Shares will not be issued or delivered pursuant to an Automatic Conversion and 
no cash payment will be made in lieu of a fractional Class Z Share. 
The circumstances surrounding or triggering an Automatic Conversion are unpredictable 
The decision as to whether a Non-Viability Trigger Event will occur may involve a subjective 
determination by the AMF that the Federation has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and that, after 
the conversion of the NVCC Subordinated Notes and other contingent instruments issued by the 
Federation, the viability of the Federation could be restored or maintained. Such determination may be 
beyond the control of the Federation. A Non-Viability Trigger Event will also occur if a federal or provincial 
government in Canada publicly announces that the Federation has accepted or agreed to accept a capital 
injection or equivalent support from the federal government or any provincial government or political 
subdivision or agent or agency thereof without which the Federation would have been determined by the 
AMF to be non-viable as a result of the Federation's risk-based capital ratios. 
The conversion of non-viability contingent instruments alone may not be sufficient to restore an 
institution to viability and other public sector interventions could likely be used along with the conversion of 
non-viability contingent instruments to maintain the Federation as a going concern.

--- Page 50 ---
-32- 
In assessing whether the Federation has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and that, after the 
conversion of the NVCC Subordinated Notes and other contingent instruments issued by the Federation, it 
is reasonably likely that the viability of the Federation could be restored or maintained, the AMF Guideline 
indicates that the AMF will consider all relevant facts and circumstances, which may include, among other 
things, if: 
 
the assets of the Federation are, in the opinion of the AMF, sufficient to provide adequate protection 
to the Federation's depositors and creditors; 
 
the Federation has lost the confidence of depositors or other creditors and the public (for example, 
ongoing increased difficulty in obtaining or rolling over short-term funding); 
 
the Federation's regulatory capital has, in the opinion of the AMF, reached a level, or is eroding in 
a manner, that may detrimentally affect its depositors and creditors; 
 
the Federation has failed to pay any liability that has become due and payable or, in the opinion of 
the AMF, the Federation will not be able to pay its liabilities as they become due and payable; 
 
the Federation failed to comply with an order of the AMF to increase its capital; 
 
in the opinion of the AMF, other state of affairs exist in respect of the Federation that may be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Federation's depositors or creditors or the owners of 
any assets under the Federation's administration, including if proceedings under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law have been commenced in Canada or elsewhere against the Federation; and 
 
the Federation is unable to recapitalize on its own through the issuance of Tier 1A capital ("fonds 
propres de la catégorie 1A" under the AMF Guideline) or other forms of regulatory capital (for 
example, no suitable investor or group of investors exists that is willing or capable of investing in 
sufficient quantity and for a period that will restore the Federation's viability, nor is there any 
reasonable prospect of such an investor emerging in the near-term in the absence of conversion 
of contingent instruments). 
The facts and circumstances that the AMF may consider may change from time to time as a result of 
evolving legal and regulatory developments. 
Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event and an Automatic Conversion, the interests of 
depositors, other creditors of the Federation, and holders of securities of the Federation which are not 
contingent instruments will all rank in priority to the holders of contingent instruments, including the NVCC 
Subordinated Notes. The AMF retains full discretion to choose not to trigger an Automatic Conversion 
notwithstanding a determination that the Federation has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable. Under 
such circumstances, holders of NVCC Subordinated Notes may be exposed to losses through the use of 
other resolution tools or in liquidation.  
Because of the inherent uncertainty regarding the determination of when an Automatic Conversion 
may occur, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the NVCC Subordinated Notes will be mandatorily 
converted into Class Z Shares. In addition, investors in the NVCC Subordinated Notes are likely not to 
receive any advance notice of the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event. Accordingly, trading behavior

--- Page 51 ---
-33- 
in respect of the NVCC Subordinated Notes is not necessarily expected to follow trading behavior 
associated with other securities of a similar nature. Any indication, whether real or perceived, that the 
Federation is trending towards a Non-Viability Trigger Event can be expected to have an adverse effect on 
the market price of the NVCC Subordinated Notes, whether or not such Non-Viability Trigger Event actually 
occurs. Therefore, in such circumstances, investors may not be able to sell their NVCC Subordinated Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to other types of subordinated securities. 
The Federation's obligations under the NVCC Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated, 
and the rights of the holders of NVCC Subordinated Notes will be further subordinated upon an Automatic 
Conversion 
The NVCC Subordinated Notes will constitute direct unsecured debt obligations representing 
Subordinated Indebtedness and, in the event of the winding-up, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Federation in accordance with applicable law, where a Non-Viability Trigger Event has 
not occurred, the Indebtedness evidenced by the NVCC Subordinated Notes shall rank in the manner 
described in Condition 3(b) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" and Condition 4(b) of the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Registered Notes" on pages 100 and 279, respectively of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Therefore, if, prior to the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the Federation is wound-up, 
becomes insolvent, bankrupt, is liquidated or dissolved, the assets of the Federation would first be applied 
to satisfy all rights and claims of holders of senior indebtedness, including deposit liabilities and, as the 
context requires, in the event of a merger, amalgamation, combination or consolidation of the members of 
the Groupe coopératif Desjardins (by law or otherwise), all deposit liabilities of entities forming part of the 
Groupe coopératif Desjardins. If the Federation does not have sufficient assets to settle claims of such 
senior indebtedness holders in full, the claims of the holders of the NVCC Subordinated Notes will not be 
settled and, as a result, the holders will lose the entire amount of their investment in the NVCC Subordinated 
Notes. Absent an Automatic Conversion, the NVCC Subordinated Notes will share equally in payment with 
claims under other equal ranking subordinated indebtedness if the Federation does not have sufficient 
funds to make full payments on all of them, as applicable. In such a situation, holders could lose all or part 
of their investment. 
In addition, holders should be aware that, upon the occurrence of an Non-Viability Trigger Event, all 
of the Federation's obligations under the NVCC Subordinated Notes shall be deemed paid in full by the 
issuance of Class Z Shares upon the Automatic Conversion, and each holder will be effectively further 
subordinated due to the change in their status following an Automatic Conversion from being the holder of 
a debt instrument ranking ahead of holders of Class Z Shares to being a holder of Class Z Shares. 
As a result, upon the occurrence of an Automatic Conversion, the holders could lose all or part of their 
investment in the NVCC Subordinated Notes irrespective of whether the Federation has sufficient assets 
available to settle what would have been the claims of the holders of the NVCC Subordinated Notes or 
other securities subordinated to the same extent as the NVCC Subordinated Notes, in proceedings relating 
to a winding-up, an insolvency, a bankruptcy, a liquidation or a dissolution.

--- Page 52 ---
-34- 
Holders do not have anti-dilution protection in all circumstances 
The Conversion Price is subject to adjustment in the event of a Class Z Capital Share Reorganization 
(as defined in Condition 6 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" and Condition 7 of the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Registered Notes" on pages 149 and 283, respectively, of this Base Prospectus). 
In the event of a capital reorganization, consolidation, merger or amalgamation of the Federation or 
comparable transaction affecting the Class Z Shares (whether outstanding or not) and, where no Class Z 
Shares are outstanding, any shares in the authorized capital of the Federation ranking equally with the 
Class Z Shares, the Federation will take necessary action to ensure that holders of NVCC Subordinated 
Notes receive or are entitled to receive, pursuant to an Automatic Conversion, after such event, the number 
of Class Z Shares or other securities that such holders would have received if the Automatic Conversion 
occurred immediately prior to the earlier of the record date for such event and the time of such event, 
provided that the Class Z Shares shall be treated in the same manner as any shares in the authorized 
capital of the Federation ranking equally with the Class Z Shares. However, there is no requirement that 
there should be an adjustment of the Multiplier or other anti-dilutive action by the Federation for every 
corporate or other event that may affect the Class Z Shares. 
Mergers and Similar Events 
The Federation will not need to obtain the approval of the holders of the NVCC Subordinated Notes in 
order to merge, amalgamate, consolidate or otherwise combine with another entity or sell or lease 
substantially all of its assets to another entity, provided certain conditions are met. It is possible that this 
type of transaction may result in a reduction in the Federation's credit ratings, may negatively affect its 
operating results or may impair its financial condition and adversely affect the market value of the NVCC 
Subordinated Notes. 
Changes in law, or changes in the regulatory classification of the NVCC Subordinated Notes due to other 
factors, may adversely affect the rights of holders of the NVCC Subordinated Notes 
Changes in law after the date hereof may affect the rights of holders as well as the market value of 
the NVCC Subordinated Notes. Such changes in law may include changes in statutory, tax and regulatory 
regimes during the life of the NVCC Subordinated Notes, which may have an adverse effect on an 
investment in the NVCC Subordinated Notes. 
Any legislative and regulatory uncertainty could also affect an investor's ability to accurately value the 
NVCC Subordinated Notes and, therefore, affect the trading price of the NVCC Subordinated Notes given 
the extent and impact on the NVCC Subordinated Notes that one or more regulatory or legislative changes, 
including those described above, could have on the NVCC Subordinated Notes. 
The tax consequences of holding Class Z Shares following an Automatic Conversion could be different for 
some categories of holders from the tax consequences for them of holding NVCC Subordinated Notes 
Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, NVCC Subordinated Notes will automatically 
and immediately convert into Class Z Shares, and could be subject to Canadian or other applicable 
withholding tax. The tax consequences of holding Class Z Shares following an Automatic Conversion could 
be different for some categories of holders from the tax consequences for them of holding NVCC 
Subordinated Notes. Each prospective investor should consult their own tax advisor regarding the tax

--- Page 53 ---
-35- 
consequences of a conversion of the NVCC Subordinated Notes into Class Z Shares. 
The U.S. federal income tax treatment of instruments such as the NVCC Subordinated Notes is 
uncertain and, accordingly, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") may take a different position than the 
Federation or an investor regarding the appropriate characterization and treatment of the NVCC 
Subordinated Notes 
There is no authority that addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of instruments like the 
NVCC Subordinated Notes that are in form subordinated debt instruments but that provide for Automatic 
Conversion into Class Z Shares upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event. Based on certain 
assumptions described under "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations — NVCC Subordinated 
Notes," the Federation intends to treat the NVCC Subordinated Notes as debt for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. However, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not assert that the NVCC Subordinated 
Notes should be treated differently for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and there can be no assurance 
that any alternative tax treatment, if successfully asserted by the IRS, would not have adverse U.S. federal 
income tax consequences to a holder of the NVCC Subordinated Notes. Each investor should consult its 
own tax advisor regarding the appropriate characterization of the NVCC Subordinated Notes and the tax 
consequences to it if the IRS successfully asserts a characterization that differs from the Federation's 
characterization of the NVCC Subordinated Notes. 
The Federation reserves the right not to deliver Class Z Shares upon an Automatic Conversion 
Upon an Automatic Conversion, the Federation reserves the right not to deliver some or all, as 
applicable, of the Class Z Shares issuable thereupon to any person whom the Federation has reason to 
believe is an Ineligible Person or any person who, by virtue of the operation of the Automatic Conversion, 
would become a Significant Holder through the acquisition of Class Z Shares. In such circumstances, the 
Federation will attempt to facilitate the sale of such Class Z Shares. Those sales (if any) may be made at 
any time and at any price. The Federation will not be subject to any liability for failure to sell such Class Z 
Shares on behalf of such persons or at any particular price or on any particular day. See Condition 6(d) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes (Right not to deliver Class Z Shares) and Condition 7(d) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Registered Notes (Right not to deliver Class Z Shares). 
Early Redemption upon Special Event 
 
The Federation may, at its option at any time on or after a Special Event Redemption Date, with 
the prior written approval of the AMF and having given not more than the maximum period nor less than 
the minimum period of notice, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, to the 
relevant Fiscal Agent and to the holders of the NVCC Subordinated Notes of the relevant Series, redeem 
all (but not less than all) of the NVCC Subordinated Notes of such Series, at the Early Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption. An investor generally 
would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the NVCC Subordinated Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time.

--- Page 54 ---
-36- 
Noteholders will be responsible for certain taxes arising upon an Automatic Conversion 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Registered 
Notes each provide that a Noteholder shall be responsible for any stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax or 
any other capital, issue, transfer, registration, financial transaction or documenting tax that may arise or be 
paid as a consequence of an Automatic Conversion.  
(p) Bail-inable Notes 
Unless otherwise indicated, the following risks apply only to Senior Notes that are Bail-inable Notes. 
On 8 December  2021, Bill 3 was sanctioned and came into force.  Among other things, Bill 3 has amended 
the Deposit Institutions Act to remove the following powers of the AMF, which were applicable in the event 
of the resolution of the Federation: (i) the power to cancel shares of the Federation pursuant to the previous 
Section 40.50(1) of the Deposit Institutions Act, and (ii) the power to write-off Bail-inable Notes pursuant to 
the previous Section 40.50(2) of the Deposit Institutions Act.  
Bail-inable Notes will be subject to risks, including non-payment in full or conversion in whole or in part 
under the Resolution Powers conferred on the AMF under the Deposit Institutions Act and the regulations 
thereunder 
In the event of the resolution of the Federation, in addition to its other Resolution Powers applicable to 
all Notes (see "Risks related to all Notes - Resolution powers conferred on the AMF under the Deposit 
Institutions Act and the regulations thereunder provide it with substantial powers designed to enable it to 
take a range of actions, which if taken could result in Noteholders being exposed to losses"), the AMF may 
also exercise its Bail-in Powers in respect of Bail-inable Notes and, pursuant to Section 40.50 of the Deposit 
Institutions Act and the Prescribed Debt Regulations, convert all or part of such Bail-inable Notes into 
contributed capital securities of the Federation, of a deposit-taking institution that is part of the Groupe 
coopératif Desjardins or of a legal person constituted or resulting from an amalgamation/continuance or 
other conversion carried out for the purposes of the resolution operations. Notes which would otherwise be 
bail-inable but were issued before 31 March 2019 are not subject to the AMF's Bail-in Powers. Covered 
bonds, certain derivatives and certain structured notes (as such term is used in the Prescribed Debt 
Regulations) are expressly excluded from the Bail-in Powers and therefore are not Bail-inable Notes. 
Further, (i) Senior Notes that (A) have a maturity of 400 days or less (including explicit or embedded 
extension options) or (B) are not assigned an international securities identification number (ISIN) or other 
similar designation for the purposes of trading and settlement, and (ii) subordinated notes that are non-
viability contingent capital instruments, are not Bail-inable Notes. As a result, claims of some creditors 
whose claims would otherwise rank equally with those of the holders of Bail-inable Notes are not subject to 
the Bail-in Powers and thus the holders and beneficial owners (collectively in these risk factors related to 
Bail-inable Notes, the "Noteholders") of Bail-inable Notes will have to absorb losses ahead of these other 
creditors in the event of the exercise of Bail-in Powers while other creditors may not be exposed to losses. 
All Notes that are subject to the Bail-in Powers will be identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If the AMF were to take action under its Bail-in Powers with respect to the Federation, this could result 
in Noteholders of Bail-inable Notes being exposed to losses, which may potentially be severe. Upon a Bail-
in Conversion, Noteholders that are converted will be obligated to accept contributed capital securities of 
the Federation, of a deposit-taking institution that is part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins or of a legal

--- Page 55 ---
-37- 
person constituted or resulting from an amalgamation/continuance or other conversion effected for the 
purposes of the resolution operations ("Conversion Securities"), even if such Noteholders do not at the 
time consider such securities to be an appropriate investment for them, and despite any change in the 
Federation or the fact that such securities are issued by the Federation or another entity or any disruption 
to, or lack of a market for, such securities or disruption to capital markets generally. The terms and 
conditions of any Bail-in Conversion will be determined by the AMF, subject to the measures and 
considerations provided under the Deposit Institutions Act as set out under "Important – Investors in Bail-
inable Notes" on page viii of this Base Prospectus.  
As a result of the above, Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose some or all of their 
investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest, if the AMF were to take action under 
its Resolution Powers, including the Bail-in Powers, and that any remaining outstanding Bail-inable Notes, 
or Conversion Securities, may be of little value at the time of the exercise of Bail-in Powers and thereafter.  
 
Bail-inable Notes will provide only limited acceleration and enforcement rights and will include other 
provisions intended to qualify such Notes as TLAC 
 
 
In connection with the Bail-in Regime (as defined below), the AMF's guideline (the "TLAC Guideline") 
on total loss absorbing capacity ("TLAC") applies to and establishes standards for the Federation. Under 
the TLAC Guideline, beginning 1 April 2022, the Federation is required to maintain at all times a minimum 
capacity to absorb losses composed of unsecured external long-term debt that meets the prescribed criteria 
or regulatory capital instruments to support recapitalisation in the event of a failure. Bail-inable Notes and 
regulatory capital instruments that meet the prescribed criteria will constitute TLAC of the Federation. 
 
In order to comply with the TLAC Guideline, Bail-inable Notes must provide for terms and conditions 
necessary to meet the prescribed criteria and qualify at their issuance as TLAC instruments of the 
Federation under the TLAC Guideline. Those criteria include the following:  
 
the Federation cannot directly or indirectly have knowingly provided financing to any person for the 
express purpose of investing in the Bail-inable Notes; 
 
the Bail-inable Note is not subject to set-off or netting rights; 
 
the Bail-inable Note must not provide rights to accelerate repayment of principal or interest 
payments outside of bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or liquidation, except that events of default 
relating to the non-payment of scheduled principal and/or interest payments will be permitted where 
they are subject to a cure period of no less than 30 business days and clearly disclose to investors 
that: (i) acceleration is only permitted where an order has not been made in respect of any deposit 
institution being part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins; and (ii) notwithstanding any acceleration, 
the instrument continues to be subject to a Bail-in Conversion prior to its repayment; 
 
the Bail-inable Note may be redeemed or purchased for cancellation only at the initiative of the 
Federation and, where the redemption or purchase would lead to a breach of the Federation's 
TLAC requirements, that redemption or purchase would be subject to the prior approval of the AMF; 
 
the Bail-inable Note does not have credit-sensitive dividend or coupon features that are reset 
periodically based in whole or in part on the Federation's credit standing; and

--- Page 56 ---
-38- 
 
where an amendment or variance of the Bail-inable Note's terms and conditions would affect its 
recognition as TLAC, that amendment or variance will only be permitted with the prior approval of 
the AMF. 
As a result, the terms of the Bail-inable Notes provide that acceleration will only be permitted (i) if the 
Federation defaults in the payment of the principal of, or interest on, such Bail-inable Notes and, in each 
case, the default continues for a period of 30 business days, or (ii) certain bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or liquidation events occur. Noteholders of Bail-inable Notes may only exercise, or direct the 
exercise of, such rights in respect of Bail-inable Notes where an order has not been sought by the AMF and 
made by the resolution board pursuant to Section 40.12 of the Deposit Institutions Act. Notwithstanding the 
exercise of those rights, Bail-inable Notes will continue to be subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers until 
repaid in full.  
The terms of the Bail-inable Notes also provide that Noteholders of Bail-inable Notes will not be entitled 
to exercise, or direct the exercise of, any set-off or netting rights with respect to Bail-inable Notes. In 
addition, where an amendment, modification or other variance that can be made to the Bail-inable Notes 
would affect the recognition of the Bail-inable Notes by the AMF as TLAC, that amendment, modification or 
variance will require the prior approval of the AMF. 
The circumstances surrounding the exercise of Bail-in Powers are unpredictable and can be expected to 
have an adverse effect on the market price of Bail-inable Notes 
 
The decision as to whether the Federation and/or other financial services cooperatives of Groupe 
coopératif Desjardins has failed, and/or whether its failure is likely to cause the failure of other deposit 
institutions belonging to the Groupe coopératif Desjardins, is a subjective determination by the AMF that is 
outside the control of the Federation. Upon the exercise of Bail-in Powers, the interests of depositors and 
holders of liabilities and securities of the Federation that are not converted will effectively all rank in priority 
to the portion of Bail-inable Notes that are converted. In addition, except as provided for under the 
indemnification process, the rights of Noteholders in respect of the Bail-inable Notes that have been 
converted into Conversion Securities will rank on parity with other holders of contributed capital securities 
of the issuer of the Conversion Securities. 
 
There is no limitation on the type of order that may be sought by the AMF and made by the resolution 
board pursuant to Section 40.12 of the Deposit Institutions Act where it has been determined that the 
Federation and/or other financial services cooperatives of Groupe coopératif Desjardins has failed and/or 
that its failure is likely to cause the failure of other deposit institutions belonging to the Groupe coopératif 
Desjardins. As a result, Noteholders holding Bail-inable Notes may be exposed to losses through the use 
of Resolution Powers other than the Bail-in Powers and those powers are described under "Bail-inable 
Notes will be subject to risks, including non-payment in full or conversion in whole or in part under the 
Resolution Powers conferred on the AMF under the Deposit Institutions Act and regulations thereunder" 
above.  
 
Because of the uncertainty regarding when and whether an order will be sought by the AMF and made 
by the resolution board pursuant to Section 40.12 of the Deposit Institutions Act, and the type of order that 
may be sought and made, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, Bail-inable Notes could be converted 
pursuant to a Bail-in Conversion and there will likely not be any advance notice of any such order. As a 
result of this uncertainty, trading behavior in respect of Bail-inable Notes may not follow trading behavior

--- Page 57 ---
-39- 
associated with other securities of the Federation. Any indication, whether real or perceived, that the 
Federation is trending towards failure can be expected to have an adverse effect on the market price of the 
Bail-inable Notes, whether or not the Federation has failed and/or its failure is likely to cause the failure of 
other deposit institutions belonging to the Groupe coopératif Desjardins. Therefore, in those circumstances, 
Noteholders may not be able to sell their Bail-inable Notes easily or at prices comparable to those of Senior 
Notes of the Issuer that are not subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers. 
 
The number of Conversion Securities to be issued in connection with, and the number of Conversion 
Securities that will be outstanding following, a Bail-in Conversion are unknown. It is also unknown whether 
the Conversion Securities to be issued will be contributed capital securities of the Federation, those of a 
deposit-taking institution that is part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins or those of a legal person 
constituted or resulting from an amalgamation/continuance or of another entity pursuant to a conversion 
carried out for the purposes of the resolution operations 
 
Under the Bail-in Powers there is no fixed and pre-determined basis for any contractual conversion 
ratio for the conversion of the Bail-inable Notes into Conversion Securities. The AMF determines the timing 
of any Bail-in Conversion, the portion of Bail-inable Notes to be converted and the terms and conditions of 
the conversion, subject to the parameters set out in the Deposit Institutions Act and the Prescribed Debt 
Regulations, among others. 
 
As a result, it is not possible to anticipate the potential number of Conversion Securities that would be 
issued in respect of any Bail-inable Note converted on a Bail-in Conversion, the aggregate number of such 
securities that will be outstanding following any Bail-in Conversion, the terms and conditions of such 
securities (including voting powers in respect thereto, if any), the effect of dilution further to the issuances 
made in connection with a Bail-in Conversion or the value of any such Conversion Securities received by 
the Noteholder, which could be significantly less than the principal amount of the converted Bail-inable 
Notes. 
 
Further, the market for any Conversion Securities issued in connection with a Bail-in Conversion may 
be illiquid, or there may be no market at all for such securities, such that Noteholders may not be able to 
sell those securities at a price equal to the value of the converted Bail-inable Notes, and as a result may 
suffer significant losses that may not be offset by indemnification, if any, received as part of the 
indemnification process. Fluctuations in exchange rates may exacerbate any such losses. 
 
There is currently no stock exchange through which any of the capital shares of the Federation may 
be sold and the Federation has not applied to list or quote any of its capital shares on a stock exchange. 
 
By acquiring Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder of that Bail-inable Note is deemed to agree to be bound 
by the exercise of Bail-in Powers and so will have no further rights in respect of any of its Bail-inable Notes 
that are subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers other than those provided under the Bail-in Regime. The 
amount of any potential indemnity to be provided through the indemnification process under the Deposit 
Institutions Act and the Regulation respecting the Indemnification Plan Applicable pursuant to Certain 
Resolution Operations (Québec) is unknown, and may be nil 
The Deposit Institutions Act and the Regulation respecting the Indemnification Plan Applicable 
pursuant to Certain Resolution Operations (Québec) together provide for an indemnification process for 
Noteholders holding Bail-inable Notes who immediately prior to the making of an order by the resolution

--- Page 58 ---
-40- 
board, directly or through an intermediary, own Bail-inable Notes that are subject to the exercise of Bail-in 
Powers. While this process applies to successors of such Noteholders it does not apply to assignees or 
transferees of the Noteholder following the making of the order and does not apply if the amounts owing 
under the relevant Bail-inable Notes are paid in full. 
Under the indemnification process, in summary, the indemnification amount to which such Noteholders 
are entitled is the difference, to the extent it is positive, between the estimated liquidation value and the 
estimated resolution value of the relevant Bail-inable Notes. The estimated liquidation value is the estimated 
value of what the Noteholders would have received in respect of a Bail-inable Note if, at the time of the 
order of the resolution board, the Federation or Groupe coopératif Desjardins had been wound up in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cooperatives Act, as if no order had been made in respect of the 
Federation or Groupe coopératif Desjardins and without taking into consideration any assistance, financial 
or other, that is or may be provided to the Federation or Groupe coopératif Desjardins, directly or indirectly, 
by the AMF or by a federal or provincial government in Canada, or one of its departments or agencies, after 
an order from the resolution board to wind up the Federation or Groupe coopératif Desjardins. The 
Cooperatives Act provides that all the Desjardins Caisses in Québec, the Federation and the Fonds de 
sécurité Desjardins may be amalgamated into a single legal entity to be wound up, as these entities cannot 
be wound up in any other manner. 
The estimated resolution value in respect of relevant Bail-inable Notes is the total of the estimated 
value of the following: 
 
the relevant Bail-inable Notes, if they are not held by the AMF and they are not converted, after the 
making of the order, into contributed capital securities; 
 
contributed capital securities that are the result of a Bail-in Conversion after the making of the order;  
 
any dividend or interest payments made, after the making of the order, with respect to the relevant 
Bail-inable Notes or contributed capital securities received as a result of a Bail-in Conversion, to 
any person other than AMF; and  
 
any other, cash, securities or other rights that are received or are to be received with respect to the 
relevant Bail-inable Notes or contributed capital securities received as a result of a Bail-in 
Conversion as a direct or indirect result of the making of the order or the implementation of the 
resolution operations, including from (a) the AMF or the Federation, or (b) the liquidator of the 
Federation and Groupe coopératif Desjardins, or the liquidator of a cooperative group, an asset 
management company or  a bridge institution, if any of them is wound up or amalgamated/wound 
up. 
Under the indemnification process, the AMF is required to estimate the liquidation value and the 
resolution value in respect of the portion of converted Bail-inable Notes and is required to consider the 
difference between the estimated day on which the liquidation value would be received and the estimated 
day on which the resolution value is, or would be, received. 
The AMF must, within a reasonable delay following the exercise of Bail-in Powers, make an offer of 
indemnification by notice to the relevant Noteholders that held Bail-inable Notes equal to, or in value 
estimated to be equal to, the amount of the indemnity to which such Noteholders are entitled or provide a

--- Page 59 ---
-41- 
notice stating that such Noteholders are not entitled to any indemnity. In either case such notice is required 
to include certain prescribed information, including important information regarding the rights of such 
Noteholders to have the AMF's decision concerning the right to an indemnity or the amount of such 
indemnity reviewed. A Noteholder that considers that it is entitled to indemnification and that does not 
receive the previously-mentioned notice may require the AMF to determine whether or not such Noteholder 
is indeed entitled to indemnification. The request for a review of the AMF's decision, or the request for a 
determination by the AMF, must be submitted within certain prescribed periods and must contain certain 
prescribed information, as more fully described in the Regulation respecting the Indemnification Plan 
Applicable pursuant to Certain Resolution Operations (Québec). Should there be a Bail-in Conversion, there 
is no guarantee that Noteholders whose Bail-inable Notes are converted as part of the Bail-in Conversion 
will receive any indemnification as the indemnity amount to which such Noteholders are entitled as 
described above may be nil. 
By its acquisition of an interest in any Bail-inable Note, each Noteholder of that Bail-inable Note is 
deemed to be bound by the exercise of Bail-in Powers and so will have no further rights in respect of its 
Bail-inable Notes to the extent those Bail-inable Notes are subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers, other 
than those provided under the Bail-in Regime, including under the indemnification process. 
A similar indemnification process to the one set out above applies, in certain circumstances, where as 
a result of AMF's exercise of its Resolution Powers, Notes are assigned to an entity which is then wound-up. 
Following the exercise of Bail-in Powers, Noteholders that held Bail-inable Notes that have been subject to 
the exercise of Bail-in Powers will no longer have rights against the Federation as creditors 
Upon the exercise of Bail-in Powers, the rights, terms and conditions of the portion of Bail-inable Notes 
that are converted, including with respect to priority and rights on liquidation, will no longer apply as the 
portion of Bail-inable Notes converted on a Bail-in Conversion will have been converted on a full and 
permanent basis into Conversion Securities ranking in parity with all other outstanding contributed capital 
securities of the issuer of such Conversion Securities. If a Bail-in Conversion occurs, then the interest of 
the depositors, other creditors and holders of liabilities of the Federation not converted as a result of the 
Bail-in Conversion will all rank in priority to those converted. 
Given the nature of a Bail-in Conversion, holders of Bail-inable Notes that are converted will become 
holders or beneficial owners of Conversion Securities at a time when the Federation's (or the relevant 
issuer's) financial condition has deteriorated. They may also become holders or beneficial owners of 
Conversion Securities at a time when the relevant entity may have received or may receive a capital 
injection or equivalent support with terms that may rank in priority to the Conversion Securities issued in a 
Bail-in Conversion with respect to the payment of interest (or dividends), rights on liquidation or other terms 
although there is no certainty that any such capital injection or support will be forthcoming. 
Bail-inable Notes may be redeemed after the occurrence of a TLAC Disqualification Event 
If the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for the Bail-inable Notes of any Series specify that 
a TLAC Disqualification Event Call is applicable, the Federation may, at its option, redeem all, but not less 
than all of the outstanding Bail-inable Notes of a Series prior to their stated maturity date within 90 days 
after the occurrence of the TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined in the Conditions) at the Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if applicable) with any accrued but

--- Page 60 ---
-42- 
unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. If the Federation redeems the Bail-inable 
Notes of such Series, Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities 
offering a comparable anticipated rate of return. Additionally, although the terms of each Series of Bail-
inable Notes are anticipated to be established to satisfy the TLAC criteria within the meaning of the TLAC 
Guideline to which the Federation is subject, it is possible that any Series of Bail-inable Notes may not 
satisfy the criteria in future rulemaking or interpretations. 
(q) Notes issued as “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds” may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to green, social or sustainable assets  
 
The Federation may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) to be for the 
financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of loans, investments or internal or external projects that, 
in each case, fall within the scope of the Green Assets Eligible Category or the Social Assets Eligibility 
Category (or a combination of both such categories), each as defined in the section of this Base Prospectus 
titled “Sustainable Bond Framework” (“Eligible Assets”).  Such Notes may be “Green Bonds”, “Social 
Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds”, each as defined in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Sustainable 
Bond Framework” (together, the “Sustainable Notes”). As discussed below, Sustainable Notes may not 
be a suitable investment for investors seeking exposure to “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or such other 
equivalently labeled investments. 
 
The Federation will exercise its judgement and sole discretion in determining the Eligible Assets that 
will be financed or refinanced, in whole or in part, by an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds of 
Sustainable Notes. If the use of the proceeds of Sustainable Notes is a factor in a prospective investor's 
decision to invest in Sustainable Notes, the prospective investor should consider the information set out in 
the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Sustainable Bond Framework” and in the subparagraph of the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) titled “Reasons 
for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds”, consult with its legal or other advisers and determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information before making an investment in Sustainable Notes. While it 
is the intention of the Federation to comply with the requirements of its Sustainable Bond Framework (as 
defined, and as outlined, in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Sustainable Bond Framework”), no 
assurance or representation is given by the Federation, the Arrangers or the Dealers that any of the Eligible 
Assets financed or refinanced, in whole or in part, with the net proceeds from the issuance and sale of 
Sustainable Notes will meet the requirements of the Sustainable Bond Framework at any time or a 
prospective investor’s expectations or requirements, whether as to sustainable impact or outcome or 
otherwise. 
 
Furthermore, while the intention of the Federation is to apply an amount at least equivalent to the net 
proceeds of the relevant Sustainable Notes in the manner described in the subparagraph of the applicable 
Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) titled “Reasons for the 
Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds”, there is no contractual obligation to allocate an amount at least 
equivalent to the net proceeds of such Sustainable Notes to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible 
Assets, or to provide the annual progress reports in relation to allocation of, and impact of, such amount as 
more fully described in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Sustainable Bond Framework” and in the 
Sustainable Bond Framework.  The Federation’s failure to so allocate an amount at least equivalent to the 
net proceeds, in whole or in part, to Eligible Assets or to report on progress as aforesaid, the default or 
failure of any of the Eligible Assets funded with such amount, the failure of any Eligible Assets to comply at

--- Page 61 ---
-43- 
any time with the Sustainable Bond Framework, the failure of external assurance providers to opine on the 
conformity of the Sustainable Bond Report (as defined in the section of this Base Prospectus titled 
“Sustainable Bond Framework”) with the Sustainable Bond Framework and/or the cessation of the listing 
or admission of Sustainable Notes to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable", 
“social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (where 
applicable) will not, in each case, constitute an Event of Default with respect to the relevant Sustainable 
Notes or give rise to any other claim of a holder of such Sustainable Notes against the Federation. Any 
such failure may affect the value of the relevant Sustainable Notes and/or have adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainable or green assets or for a particular purpose. 
 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "sustainable", “social” or an 
equivalently labelled project or business, nor as to what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project or business to be defined as "green", "sustainable", “social” or such other equivalent label, nor can 
any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any 
prevailing market consensus will not significantly change, though the EU’s regulation on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”) may, in time, provide some 
definition for such topics within the EU. Accordingly, while it is the intention of the Federation, no assurance 
is or can be given by the Federation, the Arranger or the Dealers to investors that any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any of the Eligible Assets funded with an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
from Sustainable Notes will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable", 
“social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social 
and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any of the Eligible Assets funded with an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds from 
Sustainable Notes or that the Sustainable Bond Framework will be aligned with the EU Taxonomy or any 
other sustainability framework. 
 
None of the Federation, the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of 
the Sustainable Notes to fulfil any green, environmental, sustainable, social or other criteria required by 
prospective investors, or as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Federation) which 
may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of Sustainable Notes and, in particular, with 
any of the businesses and projects funded with an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds from 
Sustainable Notes to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance 
of doubt, none of the Sustainable Bond Framework, the second party opinion (as described in the section 
of this Base Prospectus titled “Sustainable Bond Framework”) or any other report, assessment, opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Federation) is, nor shall they be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Federation, the Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Sustainable Notes. The second party opinion and any such 
other report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the 
Federation) is only current as at the date that it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in 
any Sustainable Notes. The providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. None of the Arranger or the Dealers

--- Page 62 ---
-44- 
have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Sustainable Bond Framework or the 
eligibility criteria for any Sustainable Notes, any verification of whether any of the businesses or projects 
fall within the Eligible Categories, or the monitoring of the use of the proceeds of Sustainable Notes. 
Investors should refer to the Sustainable Bond Framework, the Sustainable Bond Report and the second 
party opinion (details of which are set out each as defined in the section of this Base Prospectus titled 
“Sustainable Bond Framework”) for information.   
 
If Sustainable Notes are at any time listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Federation, 
the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or 
in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of 
any projects or uses, the subject of, or related to, any of the Eligible Assets financed or refinanced, in whole 
or in part, with an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds from Sustainable Notes. Furthermore, it 
should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the 
Federation, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be obtained in respect of Sustainable Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of the relevant Sustainable Notes. 
 
While it is the intention of the Federation to apply an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds 
of any Sustainable Notes to the finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, of Eligible Assets and obtain 
and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Sustainable Bond Framework” and in the 
subparagraph of the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt 
Notes) titled “Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds”, there can be no assurance that the 
Federation will be able to do so. Nor can there be any assurance that any eligible internal or external project 
will be completed, eligible loan applied or eligible investment realized at all, or within any specified period, 
or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Federation. None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of 
proceeds of any Sustainable Notes during the life of the relevant Sustainable Notes. 
 
Any failure by the Federation to apply an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds of any issue 
of Sustainable Notes in accordance with the Sustainable Bond Framework, any withdrawal of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification described in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Sustainable 
Bond Framework”, or any such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Federation is 
not complying, in whole or in part, with any matters on which such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying, and/or any such Sustainable Notes no longer being 
listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable", “social” or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated) as 
aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Sustainable Notes and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose.

--- Page 63 ---
-45- 
 
(iii) 
Risks relating to benchmark reforms and discontinuation  
(a) The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on Notes 
linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"  
Various interest rates and other indices that are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including SONIA, SOFR 
and EURIBOR) are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms might cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or have 
other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark." 
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and has 
mostly applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, since 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks 
Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the 
use of a benchmark within the EU and, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA, the United Kingdom (in the United Kingdom, the "United Kingdom Benchmarks Regulation"). 
Among other things (and subject to similar regimes in the EU (with the register of benchmark administrators 
administered by ESMA) and the United Kingdom (with the register of benchmark administrators 
administered by the FCA), it: (a) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered with the 
relevant authority (or, if non-EU and non-United Kingdom-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed by the relevant authority) and (b) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised 
and United Kingdom-supervised entities (as defined in the Benchmarks Regulation or, in the United 
Kingdom, the United Kingdom Benchmarks Regulation) of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered by the relevant authority (or, if non-EU or non-United Kingdom based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed by the relevant authority). 
On 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its 
Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates had been mandated with implementing a broad-based 
transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") across sterling bond, loan and derivative 
markets so that SONIA was established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021.  
See also "The market continues to develop in relation to the use of SONIA as reference rate" below. 
In the United States of America, the Alternative Reference Rate Committee (the "ARRC"), a group of 
private-market participants convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, recommended the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as the replacement rate for USD-
LIBOR and has a paced transition plan for developing SOFR markets.  See also "The market continues to 
develop in relation to the use of SOFR as reference rate for Floating Rate Notes" below. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate 
("€STR") as the new risk free rate. €STR  was published by the European Central Bank on 2 October 2019. 
Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it 
remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or 
replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  In addition, on 21 January 2021, the euro risk-free rate 
working group published a paper indicating, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in 
relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro area financial system and setting out a set of guiding

--- Page 64 ---
-46- 
principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). On 11 May 
2021, the working group published recommendations relating to fallback trigger events and fallback rates 
for contracts and financial instruments referring to EURIBOR which follow the guiding principles.  
It is not possible to predict the further effect of any changes in the methodologies pursuant to which 
the SONIA and/or SOFR and/or EURIBOR rates are determined, or any other reforms to or other proposals 
affecting SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmarks that will be enacted in the United 
Kingdom, the EU, the United States and elsewhere, each of which may adversely affect the trading market 
for SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR and/or other relevant benchmark-based securities, including any Notes that 
bear interest at rates based on SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmarks. In addition, 
any future changes in the method pursuant to which the SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR and/or other relevant 
benchmarks are determined or the transition to a successor benchmark may result in, among other things, 
a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in the reported benchmark rates, a delay in the publication of 
any such benchmark rates, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies in certain benchmarks 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain benchmarks, and, 
in certain situations, could result in a benchmark rate no longer being determined and published. 
Accordingly, in respect of a Note referencing SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark, 
such proposals for reform and changes in applicable regulation could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on such a Note (including potential rates of interest thereon). 
To the extent that SONIA, EURIBOR, SOFR or any other relevant benchmark is discontinued or no 
longer published and no alternative, successor or replacement reference rate is identified or selected in 
accordance with Condition 4(h) in respect of Bearer Notes or Condition 5(h) in respect of Registered Notes 
(the "benchmark discontinuation provisions") (other than for Notes where the Original Reference Rate 
specified in the Final Terms is SOFR Compounded Rate and Condition 4(i), in respect of Bearer Notes, or 
5(i), in respect of Registered Notes (the "benchmark replacement provisions") is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms), then the rate of interest on the Notes will be determined by the fallback provisions 
provided for under Condition 4(a) or 4(b)(ii), as the case may be, in respect of Bearer Notes or Condition 
5(a) or 5(b)(ii), as the case may be, in respect of Registered Notes, although such provisions, being 
dependent in part upon the provision by reference banks or swap dealers, as the case may be, may not 
operate as intended depending on market circumstances and the availability of rates information at the 
relevant time and may in certain circumstances result, to the extent that other fallback provisions under 
Condition 4(a) or 4(b)(ii) or Condition 5(a) or 5(b)(ii) (as applicable) are not applicable, in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when SONIA, EURIBOR, 
SOFR or any other relevant benchmark was available, in effect resulting in such Notes becoming a fixed 
rate note. Any of these alternative methods may result in interest payments that are lower than or that do 
not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on the Notes if SONIA, 
EURIBOR, SOFR or any other relevant benchmark were available in their current form. Additionally, if 
SONIA, EURIBOR, SOFR or any other relevant benchmark rate is discontinued or no longer published, 
there can be no assurance that the applicable fallback provisions under any related swap agreements would 
operate so as to ensure that the benchmark rate used to determine payments under any related swap 
agreements is the same as that used to determine interest payments under the Notes.   
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders are not required in the case of amendments to the Conditions pursuant to the 
benchmark discontinuation provisions to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount 
of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes or for any other variation

--- Page 65 ---
-47- 
of the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be made in the circumstances described in the 
benchmark discontinuation provisions, where the Issuer has delivered to the relevant Fiscal Agent a 
certificate in the form and manner required by the benchmark discontinuation provisions. Any such 
amendment made pursuant to the benchmark discontinuation provisions could have unexpected 
commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder, any such amendment will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of the Issuer and/or an Independent Adviser in accordance with the 
benchmark discontinuation provisions, the relevant benchmark discontinuation provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time. More generally, any of the above matters or any other significant change 
to the setting or existence of SONIA, EURIBOR, SOFR or any other relevant benchmark could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. No assurance 
may be provided that relevant changes will not be made to SONIA, EURIBOR, SOFR or any other relevant 
benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters and 
make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by benchmark reforms and investigations 
when making their investment decision with respect to the Notes.  
Any of the factors above and their consequences could have a material adverse effect on the trading 
market for, value of and return on, any Notes. 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national benchmark 
reforms and investigations and the possible applicable of the benchmark discontinuation provisions in 
making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
(b) Benchmark Replacement Provisions 
 
If the Original Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms is SOFR Compounded Rate and Condition 
4(i), in respect of Bearer Notes, or 5(i), in respect of Registered Notes is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the benchmark replacement provisions will apply to the Notes. If the Issuer or its designee 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred, 
the then current benchmark will be replaced by a replacement rate (determined by the Issuer or its designee 
(which may be an affiliate of the Issuer) in accordance with Condition 4(i), in respect of Bearer Notes, or 
5(i), in respect of Registered Notes and the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. In cases where the Issuer (whether alone or in consultation with its 
designee) makes determinations under Condition 4(i) or 5(i), it may be entitled to exercise substantial 
discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this discretion. 
In light of the foregoing, investors should be aware that: 
 
any of these fallbacks may result in interest payments that are lower than or that do not otherwise 
correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on a Series of Notes if SOFR 
was available in its current form; 
 
while the benchmark replacement provisions allow the base rate on the Notes of such Series to 
change from SOFR Compounded Rate to a successor rate or an alternative rate and allow for an

--- Page 66 ---
-48- 
adjustment spread (as applicable), there can be no assurance that any such modifications will fully 
or effectively mitigate all or any relevant interest rate risks or result in an equivalent methodology 
for determining the interest rates on the Notes of such Series which could result in a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on such Notes; 
 
if SOFR is discontinued or unrepresentative such that the benchmark replacement provisions are 
triggered, there can be no assurance that the applicable fallback provisions under any swap 
agreements would operate so as to ensure that the benchmark used to determine payments under 
such swap agreements would be the same as that used to determine interest payments under the 
Notes;  
 
the operation of the benchmark replacement provisions (i) will be made without the consent of the 
Noteholders, (ii) may result in the relevant base rate on the Notes of such Series being materially 
different from the Original Reference Rate and (iii) may be adverse to the interests of the holders 
of the Notes and may have an adverse effect on the value of and the return on the Notes of such 
Series; 
 
due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates 
and the determination of the applicable adjustment spread (if any) and the involvement of the Issuer 
or its designee, as applicable, the benchmark replacement provisions may not operate as intended 
at the relevant time; and 
 
it is possible that a change to the base rate of the Notes of such Series will be treated as a deemed 
exchange of old Notes for new Notes, which may be taxable to U.S. holders. 
Any of the factors above and their consequences could have a material adverse effect on the trading 
market for, value of, and return on, the Notes of any such Series. 
(c) The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Notes (or Pricing Supplement in the case of a series 
of Exempt Notes) specifies that the interest rate for such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA, 
interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined in, and in the manner set 
out in, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) by the Calculation Agent or, if the Calculation Method is 
specified as being "Compounded Index Rate", by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index. 
Compounded Daily SONIA differs from sterling LIBOR in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, 
whereas sterling LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a credit risk-
element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that sterling LIBOR and SONIA 
may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes. The use of SONIA as a reference 
rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance 
of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading 
of debt securities referencing SONIA. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA should be 
aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets 
and its adoption as an alternative to sterling LIBOR. The SONIA Compounded Index has not previously 
been published and, accordingly, the Compounded Daily SONIA derived from the SONIA Compounded

--- Page 67 ---
-49- 
Index is not a rate commonly used in the market for calculating interest rates on securities such as Floating 
Rate Notes (including, pre-August 2020, Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA).  In the context of 
backwards-looking SONIA rates, market participants and relevant working groups are, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, assessing the differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates, and 
such groups (including ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, Refinitiv and FTSE Russell) have developed 
forward-looking 'term' SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of 
an average SONIA rate over a designated term by reference, primarily, to SONIA Overnight Index Swap 
quotes provided in interdealer central limit order books and, where such data is unavailable, subject to a 
waterfall of alternative data). The adoption of SONIA might, accordingly, see component inputs into swap 
rates or other composite rates transferring from sterling LIBOR or another reference rate to SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to Notes referencing a SONIA rate that are 
issued under this Base Prospectus. Furthermore the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing 
SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA 
referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The nascent development of Compounded Daily 
SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-
based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the marketability or market price of any SONIA-
referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of 
which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA become due and payable as a result of an event of default 
under Condition 12, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the 
rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined 
immediately or shortly prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset 
thereafter. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA. 
As SONIA and the SONIA Compounded Index are published by the Bank of England based on data 
from other sources, the Issuer has no control over their determination, calculation or publication. There can 
be no guarantee that SONIA and the SONIA Compounded Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes that 
reference SONIA.  If the manner in which SONIA and/or the SONIA Compounded Index is calculated is 
changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. Furthermore, to the extent SONIA or the SONIA

--- Page 68 ---
-50- 
Compounded Index is no longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest 
on such Floating Rate Notes will be determined using the alternative methods described in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.   Such alternative methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or 
do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on such Floating Rate 
Notes if SONIA and/or the SONIA Compounded Index had been provided by the Bank of England in its 
current form. In addition, the use of such alternative methods may also result in a fixed rate of interest being 
applied to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA entail significant risks not 
associated with similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure that it 
understands the nature of the terms of such Floating Rate Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk, and 
that it considers the suitability of such Floating Rate Notes as an investment in the light of its own 
circumstances and financial condition. An investor should consult its own professional advisers about the 
risks associated with investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and the suitability of investing 
in such Floating Rate Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such relevant Notes. 
(d) The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes  
The composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR, and SOFR 
is not expected to be a comparable replacement for USD LIBOR 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Notes (or Pricing Supplement in the case of a series 
of Exempt Notes) specifies that the interest rate for the Notes of such Series will be determined by reference 
to SOFR Compounded Rate, interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SOFR (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of such Series).  
Compounded Daily SOFR differs from U.S. dollar LIBOR in a number of material respects, including 
(without limitation) that Compounded Daily SOFR is a backwards-looking, compounded, secured, risk-free 
overnight rate, whereas U.S. dollar LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes 
a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending.  
As such, investors should be aware that U.S. dollar LIBOR and SOFR may behave materially 
differently as interest reference rates for Notes.  
The use of SOFR as a reference rate for bonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, 
both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SOFR.  
As a result, there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as U.S. dollar LIBOR 
would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the 
market, bank credit risk, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, 
judicial or other events. For the same reasons, SOFR is not expected to be a comparable replacement for 
U.S. dollar LIBOR.

--- Page 69 ---
-51- 
SOFR has a limited history, and the future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on historical 
performance 
The publication of SOFR began in April 2018, and, therefore, it has a limited actual performance 
history. However, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published indicative historical data dating 
back to 2014. The future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on either the limited actual or 
indicative historical performance of SOFR. Future levels of SOFR may bear little or no relation to the 
historical actual or historical indicative SOFR data. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behavior of market 
variables and their relation to SOFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. While some historical 
indicative data have been released by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as noted above, such 
analysis inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. The future performance of SOFR 
is impossible to predict and therefore no future performance of SOFR may be inferred from any of the 
historical actual or historical indicative data. Hypothetical or historical performance data are not indicative 
of, and have no bearing on, the potential performance of SOFR. 
In addition to the daily SOFR, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York also publishes three 
compounded averages of SOFR with rolling tenors of 30-, 90- and 180-calendar days, which also is 
calculated on a backward-looking basis. It also publishes a SOFR Index that allows for the calculation of 
compounded average rates over custom time periods. 
SOFR may be more volatile than other Benchmark or market rates 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as three-month U.S. dollar LIBOR, during 
corresponding periods, and SOFR may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative 
data. In addition, although changes in Compounded Daily SOFR generally are not expected to be as volatile 
as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the return on, value of and market for any SOFR-referenced Notes 
issued under the Programme from time to time may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that are 
linked to less volatile rates. Due to this volatility in the daily rates, the return on and value of SOFR-linked 
debt securities may fluctuate more than debt securities linked to other reference rates.   In addition, the 
volatility of SOFR has reflected the underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. The 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “FRBNY”) has at times conducted operations in the overnight U.S. 
Treasury repo market in order to help maintain the federal funds rate within a target range. There can be 
no assurance that the FRBNY will continue to conduct such operations in the future, and the duration and 
extent of any such operations is inherently uncertain. The effect of any such operations, or of the cessation 
of such operations to the extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be materially adverse to 
investors in the Notes. 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect any SOFR referenced Notes 
According to the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the “ARRC”), SOFR was developed for use 
in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part 
because it is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury 
repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury 
securities, SOFR does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with 
the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants would not 
consider SOFR a suitable replacement or successor for all of the purposes for which U.S. dollar LIBOR

--- Page 70 ---
-52- 
historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term 
funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR.  Some banks in the United 
States are proposing Bloomberg’s Short-Term Bank Yield Index or Ameribor as alternatives to SOFR. 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value of any 
SOFR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time and the price at which investors 
can sell such Notes in the secondary market. 
The Compounded Daily SOFR rate is relatively new in the marketplace 
For any SOFR-referenced Note issued under the Programme from time to time, in each Interest Period, 
the interest rate is based on Compounded Daily SOFR, which is calculated by reference to the SOFR 
Compounded Index using the specific formula described in Condition 4(b), not the SOFR rate published on 
or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates during 
such period. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York only began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index 
on 2 March 2020. Accordingly, the use of the SOFR Compounded Index or the specific formula for the 
Compounded Daily SOFR rate used in Notes may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at 
all. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that would likely adversely affect the market value 
of the Notes. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on the SOFR-referenced Notes during any Interest 
Period will not be the same as the interest rate on other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative 
basis to determine the applicable interest rate. Further, if the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date 
during an Interest Period is negative, its contribution to Compounded Daily SOFR will be less than one, 
resulting in a reduction to Compounded Daily SOFR used to calculate the interest payable on the SOFR-
referenced Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR should be 
aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate in the capital markets 
and its adoption as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. For example, in the context of backwards-looking 
SOFR rates, market participants and relevant working groups are, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
currently assessing the differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates,. The adoption 
of SOFR may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from U.S. 
dollar LIBOR or another reference rate to SOFR. 
The ARRC had indicated that it planned to recommend a forward-looking SOFR term rate once certain 
conditions had been satisfied, the last of which being market indicators allowing the ARRC to formally 
recommend a forward-looking SOFR term rate.  The CME Group, the administrator selected by the ARRC 
on 21 May 2021 to publish a forward-looking SOFR term rate, has made its SOFR term rates available for 
1-month, 3-month and 6-month tenors since 21 April 2021.  On 29 July 2021, the ARRC formally 
recommended the CME Group’s forward-looking term SOFR rate for certain uses, but not for new issuances 
of floating rate debt securities.  The recommendation came following the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission’s Market Risk Advisory Committee’s Interest Rate Benchmark Reform Subcommittee 
recommendation on 8 June 2021 that interdealer brokers replace U.S. dollar LIBOR linear swaps with 
SOFR linear swaps starting on 26 July 2021. 
The Issuer cannot predict whether and to what extent a forward-looking SOFR term rate would be (i) 
representative, (ii) reflect a rate equivalent to U.S. dollar LIBOR, (iii) something that the market accepts and 
uses, or (iv) something that the Issuer might use or discontinue the use of in the future.

--- Page 71 ---
-53- 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to Notes referencing a SOFR rate that are issued 
under this Base Prospectus. Furthermore the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing SOFR that 
differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SOFR referenced 
Notes issued by it under the Programme. The nascent development of Compounded Daily SOFR as an 
interest reference rate for the bond markets, as well as continued development of SOFR-based rates for 
such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the  market price of any SOFR-referenced Notes issued under 
the Programme from time to time. 
Compounded Daily SOFR with respect to a particular Interest Period will only be capable of being 
determined near the end of the relevant Interest Period 
The interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR is only capable of being determined 
at the end of the relevant Interest Period and immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. It therefore may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of 
which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to U.S. dollar LIBOR-based 
Notes, if Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR become due and payable as a result of an event of 
default under Condition 12, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes will only be determined 
immediately or shortly prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset 
thereafter. 
The secondary market for securities linked to SOFR may be limited 
If SOFR does not prove to be widely used as a benchmark in securities that are similar or comparable 
to any SOFR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time, the trading price of such 
Notes may be lower than those of securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. Similarly, 
market terms for securities that are linked to SOFR, including, but not limited to, the spread over the 
reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, or manner of compounding the reference rate, may 
evolve over time and, as a result, trading prices of any SOFR-referenced Notes may be lower than those 
of later-issued securities that are based on SOFR including a forward-looking SOFR term rate. Investors in 
such Notes may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and 
may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
In addition, there currently is no uniform market convention with respect to the implementation of SOFR 
as a base rate for floating-rate notes or other securities notwithstanding that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac 
have been issuing SOFR bonds for several months. The manner of calculation and related conventions 
with respect to the determination of interest rates based on SOFR in floating-rate note markets may differ 
materially compared with the manner of calculation and related conventions with respect to the 
determination of interest rates based on SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any potential inconsistencies between the manner of calculation 
and related conventions with respect to the determination of interest rates based on SOFR across these

--- Page 72 ---
-54- 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposition of the SOFR-referenced Notes. 
SOFR may be modified or discontinued and any SOFR-referenced Notes may bear interest by reference 
to a rate other than Compounded Daily SOFR, which could adversely affect the value of such Notes.  SOFR 
may be modified or discontinued and any SOFR-referenced Notes may bear interest by reference to a rate 
other than Compounded Daily SOFR, which could adversely affect the value of such Notes 
SOFR is a relatively new rate, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's (or a successor), as 
administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, 
including changes related to the method by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR. SOFR is published by 
the FRBNY based on data received by it from sources other than the Federation or the Desjardins Group, 
and neither the Federation nor the Desjardins Group has any control over its method of calculation, 
publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time. There can be no guarantee, 
particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-referenced Notes. If the 
manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of 
interest payable on any SOFR-referenced Note issued under the Programme from time to time, which may 
adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. The administrator of SOFR may withdraw, modify, amend, 
suspend or discontinue the calculation or dissemination of SOFR in its sole discretion and without notice 
(in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on any SOFR-referenced Note as further 
described under Condition 4(h), 4(i), 5(h) or 5(i), as applicable) and has no obligation to consider the 
interests of holders of the Notes in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending or 
discontinuing SOFR. The interest rate for any Interest Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or 
amendments to SOFR or SOFR data that the FRBNY may publish after the interest rate for that Interest 
Period has been determined. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such relevant Notes. 
(iv) Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
(a) The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed liquid secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes the 
outstanding number of which is very low, Notes sensitive to interest rate, credit currency or market risks, 
Notes designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors or are not admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin 
or another established securities exchange. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes.

--- Page 73 ---
-55- 
There may not be, at present, an active and liquid secondary market for the Notes, and there can be 
no assurance that a secondary market for the Notes will develop. The Notes have not been, and will not 
be, registered under the Securities Act or any other securities laws applicable in the United States and are 
subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other transfer thereof as set forth under "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". If a secondary market does develop, it may not continue for 
the life of the Notes or it may not provide holders of the Notes with liquidity of investment with the result that 
a holder of the Notes may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Notes readily or at prices that will enable 
the holder of the Notes to realize a desired yield. 
See also "The number of Conversion Securities to be issued in connection with, and the number of 
Conversion Securities that will be outstanding following, a Bail-in Conversion are unknown. It is also 
unknown whether the Conversion Securities to be issued will be contributed capital securities of the 
Federation, those of a deposit-taking institution that is part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins or those of 
a legal person constituted or resulting from an amalgamation/continuance or of another entity pursuant to 
a conversion carried out for the purposes of the resolution operations" with respect to Notes that are Bail-
inable Notes. 
(b) Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Federation will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Specified Currency or the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable 
on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. Governments may use a variety of techniques, 
such as intervention by a country's central bank, the imposition of regulatory controls or taxes or changes 
in interest rates to influence the exchange rates of their currencies. Governments may also alter the 
exchange rate or relative exchange characteristics by a devaluation or revaluation of a currency. There can 
be no assurance that exchange controls will not restrict or prohibit payments of principal, any premium, or 
interest denominated in any such Specified Currency. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal or receive payments in a significantly devalued Specified 
Currency. 
In addition, if the Notes are payable in a currency (the "Original Currency") other than United States 
dollars and the Original Currency is unavailable on the foreign exchange markets due to the imposition of 
exchange controls, the Original Currency's replacement or disuse or other circumstances beyond its 
control, the Issuer will be entitled to satisfy its obligations in respect of such payment by making payment 
in United States dollars on the basis of the spot exchange rate (the "USD FX Rate") or, in its absence, an 
average of the USD FX Rate on each of the immediately preceding ten business days on which the USD 
FX Rate is available as determined by the Calculation Agent. The USD FX Rate or any such fallback rate 
applied in such circumstances may not be (or the method to determine such rate may not produce) the

--- Page 74 ---
-56- 
most favourable rate that could be obtained at the time of the currency exchange, and could result in a 
reduced payment to the Noteholders and such payment amount may be zero. 
(c) Credit ratings might not reflect all risks and are subject to change 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings 
might not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Federation or to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. Investors may suffer losses if the credit rating assigned to the Notes does not reflect 
the then creditworthiness of such Notes. 
In general, EU regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending.  In general, United Kingdom regulated investors are also restricted under the United 
Kingdom CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the United Kingdom CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending.   Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU or non-United Kingdom credit rating agencies, 
as the case may be, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered or United Kingdom 
registered credit rating agency, respectively or the relevant non-EU or non-United Kingdom rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation or United Kingdom CRA Regulation, respectively 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  If the status of the rating agency 
rating the Notes changes, European or United Kingdom regulated investors may no longer be able to use 
the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment.  This may result 
in European or United Kingdom regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the 
Notes and any secondary market in the Notes. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published 
by ESMA or the FCA, as the case may be, on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation or 
United Kingdom CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
being included in such list as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and publication of an updated ESMA or FCA list.   
Where Notes are specified as rated, the names of the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the 
cover of this Base Prospectus. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies assigning 
ratings to Tranches and ratings so assigned will be disclosed in the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 75 ---
-57- 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and approved by the FCA or the Central Bank or filed with it shall be incorporated in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the Federation's Annual Information Form for the year ended 31 December 2020, dated 11 
March 
2021 
(the 
"Federation 
Annual 
Information 
Form") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.desjardins.com/ressources/pdf/d50-notice-annuelle-fcdq-2020-t4-
e.pdf?resVer=1615490653000); 
(b) 
the following sections of Desjardins Group's 2020 Annual Report for the year ended 
31 December 2020 (the "DFG 2020 Annual Report"): 
(i) 
the Management's Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended 31 December 
2020 which is provided on pages 1 to 110 of the DFG 2020 Annual Report 
(available 
at: 
https://www.desjardins.com/ressources/pdf/d50-rapport-gestion-
mcd-2019-e.pdf?resVer=1583166409000); and  
(ii) 
the audited combined financial statements for the fiscal years ended 31 December 
2020 and 2019, prepared in accordance with IFRS, together with the 
accompanying notes, and the auditors' report thereon, which are provided on 
pages 111 to 207 of the DFG 2020 Annual Report (available at: 
https://www.desjardins.com/ressources/pdf/d50-etat-financier-mcd-2019-
e.pdf?resVer=1583166109000); and 
(c) 
the Desjardins Group's unaudited condensed interim combined financial statements as at and 
for the three and nine month periods ended 30 September 2021, together with management's 
discussion 
and 
analysis 
thereof 
(the 
"DFG 
Q3 
Report") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.desjardins.com/ressources/pdf/d50-rapport-trimestriel-mcd-2021-3-e.pdf). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement to this Base Prospectus may be 
prepared by the Federation and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation (a "Supplement"). Statements contained in any such Supplement (or contained in 
any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus 
or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of this Base Prospectus and any Supplement to this Base Prospectus (i) can be viewed on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com under the name of the Issuer and (ii) such 
documents and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be available for 
inspection during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice from the office in London, England of 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, the issuing and principal paying agent for the Bearer Notes 
(the "Bearer Fiscal Agent") or from the office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, the fiscal 
agent for the Registered Notes (the "Registered Fiscal Agent") or for collection without charge from the 
registered office of the Federation in Lévis, Québec, Canada.

--- Page 76 ---
-58- 
Except as stated within this section, neither the content of any website nor the content of any website 
accessible from hyperlinks within such website is incorporated by reference into, or forms a part of, this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Federation will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any Notes, prepare a Supplement or publish a new Base Prospectus (in each case, published in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation) for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. The 
Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the Programme Agreement that it will comply with the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 77 ---
-59- 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION UNDER RULE 144A  
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Registered 
Notes that are "restricted securities" as defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Federation 
undertakes to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Registered Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required to be 
delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of request, the Federation is neither 
subject to reporting under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the "Exchange Act"), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.

--- Page 78 ---
-60- 
CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Forward-looking statements are contained in this Base Prospectus and in the documents incorporated 
by reference herein and include, but are not limited to, comments about the Desjardins Group’s objectives 
regarding financial performance, priorities, operations, the review of economic conditions and financial 
markets, the outlook for the Québec, Canadian, U.S. and global economies, as well as the possible impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic on its operations, its results and its financial position, as well as on economic 
conditions and financial markets. Such forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or 
phrases such as "believe", "expect", "anticipate", "intend", "estimate", "plan", "forecast", "aim", "should" and 
"may", words and expressions of similar import, and future and conditional verbs.  
 
By their very nature, such statements involve assumptions, uncertainties and inherent risks, both 
general and specific. It is therefore possible that, due to many factors, the assumptions made may be 
incorrect, or the predictions, forecasts or other forward-looking statements as well as Desjardins Group’s 
objectives and priorities may not materialize or may prove to be inaccurate and that actual results differ 
materially.  
 
Furthermore, the uncertainty created by the COVID-19 pandemic has sharply increased this risk by 
generating additional difficulties in determining assumptions, forecasts, projections or other forward-looking 
statements compared to previous periods. Investors are cautioned not to rely unduly on the forward-looking 
statements since a number of factors, many of which are beyond Desjardins Group’s control and the effects 
of which can be difficult to predict, could influence, individually or collectively, the accuracy of the forward-
looking statements in this Base Prospectus. These factors include those discussed in the section "Risk 
Factors", such as credit, market, liquidity, operational, insurance, strategic and reputation risk, the risk 
related to pension plans, environmental or social risk and legal and regulatory risk.  
 
Additional factors that may affect the accuracy of the forward-looking statements in this Base 
Prospectus also include factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic, climate change, government, corporate 
and household indebtedness, technological advancements and regulatory developments, interest rate 
fluctuations and geopolitical uncertainty. Furthermore, there are factors related to general economic and 
business conditions in regions in which Desjardins Group operates; security breaches, monetary policies; 
the critical accounting estimates and accounting standards applied by Desjardins Group; new products and 
services to maintain or increase Desjardins Group’s market share; geographic concentration; acquisitions 
and joint arrangements; and credit ratings. 
 
Other factors include amendments to tax laws, unexpected changes in consumer spending and saving 
habits, talent recruitment and retention for key positions, the ability to implement Desjardins Group’s 
disaster recovery plan within a reasonable time, the potential impact on operations of international conflicts, 
public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, or any other similar disease affecting the local, 
national or global economy, and Desjardins Group’s ability to anticipate and properly manage the risks 
associated with these factors, despite a disciplined risk management environment. Additional information 
about these factors is found in the section "Risk Factors". 
 
It is important to note that the above list of factors that could influence future results is not exhaustive. 
Other factors could have an adverse effect on Desjardins Group’s results. Additional information about 
these and other factors is found in the section "Risk Factors".

--- Page 79 ---
-61- 
Although Desjardins Group believes that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking 
statements are reasonable and founded on valid bases, it cannot guarantee that these expectations will 
materialize or prove to be correct. Desjardins Group cautions investors against placing undue reliance on 
forward-looking statements when making decisions, given that actual results, conditions, actions or future 
events could differ significantly from the targets, expectations, estimates or intentions advanced in them, 
explicitly or implicitly. Investors who rely on these forward-looking statements must carefully consider these 
risk factors and other uncertainties and potential events, including the uncertainty inherent in forward-
looking statements. 
 
The significant economic assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements in this document are 
described in Section 1.5 "Economic environment and outlook" of the Management's Discussion and 
Analysis set out in the DFG 2020 Annual Report incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. These 
assumptions may also be updated in the quarterly management's discussion and analysis to be 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus from time to time through supplements to this Base 
Prospectus, in the "Economic environment and outlook" section. To develop its economic growth forecasts, 
in general and for the financial services sector, the Desjardins Group mainly uses historical economic data 
provided by recognized and reliable organizations, empirical and theoretical relationships between 
economic and financial variables, expert judgment and identified upside and downside risks for the 
domestic and global economies. Given how the COVID-19 pandemic has developed and its impact on the 
global economy and financial market conditions, as well as on Desjardins Group’s business operations, 
financial results and financial position, greater uncertainty is attached to Desjardins Group’s economic 
assumptions compared to previous periods, such assumptions being based on uncertain future 
developments and considering the difficulty of anticipating the extent of the pandemic's long-term effects. 
 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus or the documents incorporated by 
reference herein represent the views of management only as at the date hereof (or, in the case of 
information contained in a document incorporated by reference herein, at the date of that document), and 
are presented for the purpose of assisting investors in understanding and interpreting Desjardins Group’s 
financial position as at the dates indicated or its results for the periods then ended, as well as its strategic 
priorities and objectives as considered as at the date hereof. These statements may not be appropriate for 
other purposes. Desjardins Group does not undertake to update any oral or written forward-looking 
statements that could be made from time to time by or on behalf of Desjardins Group, except as required 
under applicable securities legislation.

--- Page 80 ---
-62- 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENT OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Federation, the rights attaching to the Notes and 
the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and its impact on the Federation. In relation to the different types 
of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all 
of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of 
Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the applicable Final Terms, Pricing Supplement, or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be 
contained in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement unless, in accordance with the provisions of 
the Prospective Regulation, any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or is included to remedy a material misstatement or material 
omission set out in the Base Prospectus, in which case such information, together with all of the other 
necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Notes (other than Exempt Notes), may be 
contained in a supplement to the Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, a Drawdown Prospectus, as 
appropriate. In respect of Exempt Notes, such information may be included in, or incorporated by reference 
into, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, those Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus 
and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus as it may have been supplemented from time 
to time. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which are the subject of 
Final Terms are the Conditions as described in the applicable Final Terms and completed by the applicable 
Final Terms and the terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which are the 
subject of a Pricing Supplement are the relevant Conditions as completed, amended or replaced by the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be a single document containing (or incorporating by reference) the 
necessary information relating to the Federation and the relevant Notes. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which are the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the 
Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus.

--- Page 81 ---
-63- 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE NOTES  
The following overview of key features does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions 
of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Words and 
expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" or "Terms and 
Conditions of the Registered Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in 
this overview of key features: 
This section is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Issuer: 
 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300B2Q47IR0CR5B54  
Description: 
 
Global Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
 
Barclays Bank PLC 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft  
 
 
 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Suisse International 
 
 
 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
 
 
 
 
 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
 
 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
 
 
 
 
 
Merrill Lynch International 
 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
NATIXIS 
 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
RBC Capital Markets, LLC 
RBC Europe Limited 
Société Générale 
UBS AG London Branch  
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the 
Federation in accordance with the Programme Agreement either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
Bearer Fiscal Agent:  
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Bearer Paying Agent: 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch.

--- Page 82 ---
-64- 
Registered Fiscal Agent  
Transfer Agent and European 
Paying Agent: 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
 
U.S. Registrar 
U.S. Exchange Agent and U.S.  
Paying Agent: 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York. 
 
European Registrar: 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
 
Amount: 
 
Up to €7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Federation will have the option at any 
time to increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated or payable in any currency as may be 
agreed between the Federation and the relevant Dealer(s) 
including, without limitation, Canadian dollars, U.S. dollars, euro, 
sterling and yen (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). DTC Global 
Notes will be payable in U.S. dollars only, see also, "Special 
Provisions Relating to Foreign Currency Notes". 
Each issue of Notes denominated or payable in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply (including on the date 
hereof, without limitation, yen, Swiss francs and sterling) will only 
be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from 
time to time. 
Distribution: 
 
Notes may be distributed by way of private placement (subject to 
any applicable selling restrictions) and on a syndicated or a non-
syndicated basis. In any event, the Notes may be offered only (i) in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon 
Regulation S under the Securities Act and (ii) in the case of Rule 
144A Notes only, to QIBs in reliance upon Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act. 
Notes shall be issued in compliance with applicable regulations 
and guidelines from time to time. See "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions".

--- Page 83 ---
-65- 
Method of Issue: 
 
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a 
"Series") as either Bearer Notes or Registered Notes. The Notes 
comprising each Series will have one or more issue dates, the 
same maturity date and will bear interest (if any) on the same 
basis and at the same rate (except in respect of the first payment 
of interest) and on terms otherwise identical. The Notes of each 
Series are intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of 
that Series. The Notes of any Series with the same issue date and 
interest commencement date will comprise a tranche (a 
"Tranche"). Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a Pricing 
Supplement will be prepared in respect of each Tranche. The 
terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche will, in the case 
of Bearer Notes, be those set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Bearer Notes" or, in the case of Registered 
Notes, those set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Registered Notes", completed in either case by the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, as supplemented, 
amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Alternatively, the Federation may agree with any Dealer to issue 
a particular Tranche of Notes under the Programme pursuant to a 
stand-alone prospectus (each a "Drawdown Prospectus") 
prepared in connection with such Tranche. The terms and 
conditions applicable to each Tranche which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be those set out herein under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" as supplemented, modified or 
replaced by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
The Issuer does not intend to re-open a Series of Notes where 
such re-opening would have the effect of making the relevant 
Notes of such Series subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations, 
directives and/or central bank requirements applicable to the 
Federation or the Specified Currency, Notes will have such 
maturities as may be agreed between the Federation and the 
relevant Dealer and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement. 
Senior Notes may be of any maturity from three months to 30 
years, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement. 
Unless otherwise permitted by then-current laws, regulations 
and/or policies, as applicable, (i) Bail-inable Notes will have a term 
to maturity of more than 400 days, have one or more explicit or 
embedded options that, if exercised by or on behalf of the

--- Page 84 ---
-66- 
Federation, would result in a maturity date that is more than 400 
days from the date of issue of the Bail-inable Notes or have an 
explicit or embedded option that, if exercised by or on behalf of 
the holder, would by itself result in a maturity date that is more 
than 400 days from the maturity date that would apply if the option 
were not exercised, and (ii) NVCC Subordinated Notes will have 
a term to maturity of at least five years. 
Notes which have a maturity of less than one year 
Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in Section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a minimum 
redemption value of at least £100,000 or its equivalent in another 
currency. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
Issue Price: 
 
Notes may be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price 
which is equal to, less than, or more than, their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes and Clearance: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form. Registered 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
No single Tranche or Series may be issued as both Bearer Notes 
and Registered Notes. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be issued in the form of either 
a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note deposited 
with the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (in the case of Bearer Notes intended to be issued in 
NGN form) or otherwise with a Common Depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. A Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note. In the case of Notes other than Exempt 
Notes, and in the case of Exempt Notes unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, a Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes only 
in the limited circumstances specified in "Terms and Conditions of 
the Bearer Notes".

--- Page 85 ---
-67- 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes may be offered (i) within the United States 
to QIBs in reliance on the exemption provided by Rule 144A only 
or (ii) simultaneously within the United States to QIBs in reliance 
on the exemption provided by Rule 144A and outside the United 
States to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on 
Regulation S as part of a global offering.  
Depending on where the relevant Registered Notes are offered, 
the Registered Notes will clear through one or more of DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any successor 
thereto. Registered Notes sold pursuant to an offering under the 
Programme will be issued in global registered form (each, a 
"Global Note"). Registered Notes sold pursuant to an offering 
made within the United States only will be issued in global 
registered form and will clear through DTC. Such Registered 
Notes will be represented by one or more Global Notes deposited 
with the U.S. Registrar as custodian for, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of, DTC (each, a "Rule 144A Global Note"). 
Registered Notes represented by DTC Global Notes will trade in 
DTC's Same-Day Funds Settlement System and secondary 
market trading activity in such Registered Notes will therefore 
settle in immediately available funds. Registered Notes sold 
pursuant to an offering made in and outside the United States 
simultaneously as part of a global offering will be issued in global 
registered form and may (i) in the case of Registered Notes not 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure ("NSS"), clear through 
one or more of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or 
(ii) in the case of Registered Notes held under the NSS, clear 
through either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement. Such Registered Notes may be 
represented either (i) solely by one or more Rule 144A Global 
Notes registered in respect of Registered Notes sold in the United 
States and one or more Global Notes deposited with the U.S. 
Registrar as custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, DTC, registered in respect of Registered Notes sold 
outside the United States (each, a "DTC Regulation S Global 
Note", and, together with any Rule 144A Global Note, each a 
"DTC Global Note", such arrangement referred to herein as a 
"Single Global Note Issue") or (ii) alternatively, by one or more 
Rule 144A Global Notes so deposited and registered in respect of 
Registered Notes sold in the United States, and a separate Global 
Note (a "Euro Regulation S Global Note") in respect of 
Registered Notes sold outside the United States (a) delivered, 
where such Euro Regulation S Global Note is held under the NSS,

--- Page 86 ---
-68- 
to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a nominee of, the 
Common Safekeeper or (b) deposited, where such Euro 
Regulation S Global Note is not held under the NSS, with a 
common depositary for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
in respect of Registered Notes sold outside the United States in 
accordance with Regulation S. Such arrangement is referred to 
herein as a "Dual Global Note Issue". 
Ownership of beneficial interests in Global Notes will be 
evidenced only by, and transfers thereof will be effected only 
through, records maintained by the relevant clearing system 
through which such interests are held and its direct and indirect 
participants. Owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes will not 
be entitled to receive physical delivery of Registered Notes in 
individual definitive certificated registered form except in certain 
limited circumstances, including closure of the relevant clearing 
system(s). Any interests in a Global Note will be transferable only 
in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being as 
in effect from time to time of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such other applicable clearing system as the case 
may be. 
Any reference herein to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, shall, whenever the context so permits, except in 
relation to Notes issued in NGN form for bearer global securities 
or held under the NSS for registered global securities, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement, or as otherwise may be 
approved by the Federation, the applicable Agent(s) and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Registered Notes are subject to transfer restrictions described 
under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". See "Terms and Conditions of the Registered 
Notes" for further details. 
Clearing Systems: 
 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (in relation to any 
Bearer Notes or Euro Regulation S Global Notes) and DTC (in 
relation to any Rule 144A Global Notes or DTC Regulation S 
Global Notes) and/or, in relation to any Tranche, such other 
clearing system as may be agreed between the Federation, the 
applicable Agent and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in Part 
B of the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 87 ---
-69- 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
 
Interest in respect of Fixed Rate Notes will be payable in arrear 
on such date or dates as may be agreed between the Federation 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) and 
on redemption. 
Interest in respect of Fixed Rate Notes will either be fixed amounts 
or be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction (as 
defined in the relevant Conditions) as may be agreed between the 
Federation and the relevant Dealer as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement. 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes: 
 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes will bear interest calculated by reference 
to a fixed rate of interest for an initial period and thereafter by 
reference to a fixed rate of interest recalculated on certain dates 
and by reference to a mid-market swap rate, a benchmark gilt rate, 
a constant maturity US treasury security or another reference 
bond rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, such interest being payable in arrear on the date(s) 
in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, each as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA"), and as amended, supplemented or updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the 
relevant Series, or the the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each 
Matrix (as defined therein)), as published by ISDA as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series 
(the "ISDA Definitions"); or 
(ii) 
on the basis of a term reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service or 
a backward looking compounded daily rate over a 
relevant period as calculated in accordance with a 
specified formula. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Federation and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series 
of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 88 ---
-70- 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes will be payable in arrear on  such 
Interest Payment Date(s) as selected prior to issue by the 
Federation and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction (as defined in the relevant 
Conditions) as may be agreed between the Federation and the 
relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement. 
 
 
Interest periods for Floating Rate Notes shall be as the Federation 
and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement). 
Change in Interest Basis: 
 
Notes may be converted from one interest basis to another if so 
provided in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
 
Zero Coupon Notes may be offered and sold at their nominal 
amount or at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest other than in relation to interest due after the maturity 
date. 
Exempt Notes: 
In addition to Exempt Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or 
Notes with a Change of Interest Basis, the Federation may also 
issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked Notes, Dual Currency 
Notes or Partly Paid Notes or Notes redeemable in one or more 
instalments. 
 
Index-Linked Notes: Payments (whether for principal or interest, 
at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Index-Linked Redemption 
Notes or Index-Linked Interest Notes ("Index-Linked Notes") will 
be calculated by reference to such index and/or formula or to 
changes in the prices of securities or commodities or to such 
factors as agreed by the Federation and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, if 
appropriate. 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal 
or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on 
such rates of exchange, as the Federation and the relevant Dealer 
may agree.

--- Page 89 ---
-71- 
Partly Paid Notes: The Federation may issue Senior Notes in 
respect of which the issue price is paid in separate instalments in 
such amounts and on such dates as the Federation and the 
relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Federation may issue 
Notes which may be redeemable in separate instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Federation and the relevant 
Dealer may agree. 
 
The Federation may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Bearer Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the 
Registered Notes, in which event the relevant provisions of such 
Exempt Notes and any additional information related thereto will 
be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption and Purchase: 
 
Senior Notes 
 
 
The Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement relating to each Tranche of Senior Notes will indicate 
either that the Senior Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than for tax reasons or following an Event 
of Default) or that such Senior Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Federation and/or the Noteholders upon giving not 
more than the maximum period nor less than the minimum period 
of irrevocable notice indicated in the applicable Final Terms and/or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, to the Noteholders or 
the Federation, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
terms as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement.  
 
 
Except for a TLAC Disqualification Event Call, all early 
redemptions of Bail-inable Notes, where the redemption of such 
Bail-inable Notes would lead to a breach of the Federation's total 
loss absorbing capacity ("TLAC") requirements, are subject to the 
prior approval of the AMF. 
 
 
If a TLAC Disqualification Event Call is specified to be applicable 
in the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement, Bail-inable Notes may be redeemed by the 
Federation at any time within 90 days following the occurrence of 
a TLAC Disqualification Event. 
 
 
Bail-inable Notes may not be redeemed at the Noteholder's 
election.

--- Page 90 ---
-72- 
 
 
A notice of redemption shall be irrevocable, except that the 
making of an order by the resolution board pursuant to Section 
40.12 of the Deposit Institutions Act in respect of Bail-inable Notes 
prior to the date fixed for redemption shall automatically rescind 
such notice of redemption and, in such circumstances, no such 
Bail-inable Notes shall be redeemed and no payment in respect 
of such Bail-inable Notes shall be due and payable. 
 
 
Senior Notes denominated in certain currencies may not be 
redeemed or purchased prior to any minimum time as may be 
required from time to time by the relevant monetary authority. 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their redemption value and distribution. See 
"Maturities – Notes which have a maturity of less than one year" 
above. 
 
 
NVCC Subordinated Notes 
 
 
The Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement relating to each Tranche of NVCC Subordinated 
Notes will indicate either that the NVCC Subordinated Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
tax reasons, following certain regulatory events or an Event of 
Default) or that such NVCC Subordinated Notes will, subject to 
the prior written consent of the AMF, be redeemable at the option 
of the Federation upon giving not more than the maximum period 
nor less than the minimum period of irrevocable notice indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms and/or Pricing Supplement (in the 
case of Exempt Notes), to the Noteholders on a date or dates 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and/or Pricing Supplement 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) and at a price or prices and on such 
terms as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms and/or Pricing 
Supplement (in the case of Exempt Notes).  
All redemptions of NVCC Subordinated Notes are subject to the 
prior written approval of the AMF. 
NVCC Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed at the 
Noteholder's election. 
A notice of redemption shall be irrevocable, except that the 
occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event in respect of NVCC 
Subordinated Notes prior to the date fixed for redemption shall 
automatically rescind such notice of redemption and, in such 
circumstances, no such NVCC Subordinated Notes shall be 
redeemed and no payment in respect of such NVCC Subordinated 
Notes shall be due and payable.

--- Page 91 ---
-73- 
Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, NVCC 
Subordinated Notes will be converted (in whole and not part only) 
into fully-paid Class Z Shares of the Federation and all rights 
under the terms of the NVCC Subordinated Notes will be 
extinguished immediately upon such conversion. 
Denomination of Notes: 
 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Federation and the relevant Dealer(s) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement, save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body, however called) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Federation or to the 
relevant currency and, in the case of Notes other than Exempt 
Notes, will be not less than €100,000 or the equivalent thereof in 
any other currency at the date of issue of the Notes) or such higher 
amount as may be allocated or required from time to time in 
relation to the relevant Specified Currency. See "Maturities – 
Notes which have a maturity of less than one year" above. Subject 
thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement subject to compliance with all 
applicable 
legal 
and/or 
regulatory 
and/or 
central 
bank 
requirements. Notwithstanding the above, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement (i) Registered Notes offered under 
Rule 144A only shall have a minimum denomination not less than 
US$200,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and (ii) 
Registered Notes offered under Rule 144A and Regulation S shall 
have a minimum denomination not less than US$200,000 (or an 
amount in a Specified Currency that is not U.S. dollars, which is 
not less than €100,000 or the equivalent thereof at the date of 
issue of the Notes). 
For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global 
Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes, if 
Specified Denominations are expressed as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement, 
may be tradeable in the Specified Denomination and integral 
multiples of nominal amounts less than an integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination in addition thereto. 
Taxation: 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes or other 
charges imposed by any governmental authority or agency in 
Canada, subject to the Taxation provision of the relevant 
Conditions.

--- Page 92 ---
-74- 
U.S. Taxation: 
 
See the discussion under the caption "Taxation—Certain U.S. 
Federal Income Tax Considerations". 
ERISA and Other U.S. 
Plans: 
 
Subject to the limitations described under "Certain Considerations 
for ERISA and Other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans," the Notes 
may be purchased by Benefit Plan Investors (as defined in Section 
3(42) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended ("ERISA")) as well as other U.S. employee 
benefit plans. See "Certain Considerations for ERISA and Other 
U.S. Employee Benefit Plans". 
Status of the Notes: 
 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct obligations of the 
Federation, will be unsecured and unsubordinated and will rank 
pari passu and pro rata with all unsecured and unsubordinated 
deposits, borrowings and obligations of the Federation except as 
may be provided by law and subject to the exercise of Resolution 
Powers, if applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event 
of the winding-up, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Federation in accordance with applicable law, 
the Senior Notes will rank equally in right of payment with all 
deposit liabilities and other unsecured and unsubordinated 
liabilities of Groupe coopératif Desjardins except as may be 
provided by law and subject to the exercise of Resolution Powers, 
if applicable. 
The NVCC Subordinated Notes will constitute direct unsecured 
debt obligations, constituting subordinated indebtedness of the 
Federation, ranking in the manner described in Condition 3(b) of 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" and Condition 
4(b) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Registered Notes" on 
pages 100 and 279, respectively of this Base Prospectus. 
Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the 
subordination provisions of the NVCC Subordinated Notes will not 
be relevant since the NVCC Subordinated Notes will be 
automatically and immediately converted into fully-paid Class Z 
Shares of the Federation. 
Bail-inable Notes are subject to the Bail-in Powers of the AMF 
(which may be exercised in the event of the resolution of the 
Federation), pursuant to which Bail-inable Notes may be 
converted in whole or in part into contributed capital securities of 
the Federation, of a deposit-taking institution that is part of the 
Groupe coopératif Desjardins or of a legal person constituted or 
resulting from an amalgamation/continuance or other conversion 
carried out for the purposes of the resolution of the Federation

--- Page 93 ---
-75- 
pursuant to Section 40.50 of the Deposit Institutions Act and the 
Prescribed Debt Regulations. It should be noted that, on 8 
December 2021, Bill 3 was sanctioned and came into force.  
Among other things, Bill 3 has amended the Deposit Institutions 
Act to remove the following powers of the AMF which were 
applicable in the event of the resolution of the Federation: (i) the 
power to cancel shares of the Federation pursuant to the previous 
Section 40.50(1) of the Deposit Institutions Act, and (ii) the power 
to write-off Bail-inable Notes pursuant to the previous Section 
40.50(2) of the Deposit Institutions Act. See "Changes in 
regulations and related matters (including recapitalization regime 
for domestic systemically important banks and deposit-taking 
institutions)" and "Regulatory Requirements" below on pages 11 
and 364, respectively, of this Base Prospectus for complete 
disclosure of resolution mechanisms under the Deposit 
Institutions Act and the Prescribed Debt Regulations, and see 
further risk factors relating to Bail-inable Notes under "Risks 
related to all Notes" and "Risks related to the structure of a 
particular issue of Notes", starting on pages 18 and 24, 
respectively, of this Base Prospectus for further information on 
Bail-inable Notes. 
In the event of the winding up, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Federation in accordance with applicable law 
where a Non-Viability Trigger Event has not occurred, there shall 
be no obligation to repay the NVCC Subordinated Notes or any 
Coupons due until all other unsubordinated creditors and 
subordinated creditors that rank higher than holders of NVCC 
Subordinated Notes (if any) have been reimbursed or paid, or the 
funds necessary to satisfy all other unsubordinated creditors have 
been deposited. 
At the date hereof, all liabilities for borrowed money of the 
Federation are unsecured.  
The Notes are not insured by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation or under the Deposit Institutions Act or the Canada 
Deposit Insurance Corporation Act or by any governmental 
agency. 
The Notes are not guaranteed by Desjardins Group or any affiliate 
of the Federation or member of Desjardins Group. See 
"Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec" and "Desjardins 
Group".

--- Page 94 ---
-76- 
Automatic Conversion of NVCC 
Subordinated Notes: 
Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, each NVCC 
Subordinated Note will be automatically and immediately 
converted on a full and permanent basis, without the consent of 
the Noteholder thereof, into such number of fully-paid Class Z 
Shares as will be determined in the manner described in Condition 
6 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" and Condition 
7 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Registered Notes" on pages 
149 
and 
283, 
respectively 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus.  
Notwithstanding any other provisions of Condition 6 or, as the 
case may be Condition 7, the Federation reserves the right not to 
deliver some or all, as applicable, of the Class Z Shares issuable 
upon an Automatic Conversion to any Ineligible Person (as 
defined in Condition 6 or Condition 7 as aforesaid) or any person 
who, by virtue of the operation of the Automatic Conversion, would 
become a Significant Shareholder (as defined in Condition 6 or 
Condition 7 as aforesaid) through the acquisition of Class Z 
Shares. In such circumstances, the Federation will hold, as agent 
for such persons, the Class Z Shares that would have otherwise 
been delivered to such persons and will attempt to facilitate the 
sale of such Class Z Shares to parties other than the Federation 
and its affiliates on behalf of such persons. See "Risk Factors – 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes". 
 
Agreement of Noteholders  
with respect to Bail-inable 
Notes: 
By acquiring Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder (including each 
beneficial owner) represents, acknowledges and is deemed to 
agree that: 
 
(i)  
it is bound by (A) the Deposit Institutions Act, including the 
provisions dealing with the powers conferred on the AMF 
under the second paragraph of Section 40.50 of the 
Deposit Institutions Act and under the Prescribed Debt 
Regulations, and by their effect on the Bail-inable Notes 
and (B) the other laws and regulations applicable in 
Québec to the application of the Deposit Institutions Act 
and the Prescribed Debt Regulations to the Bail-inable 
Notes; 
(ii) 
it attorns to the jurisdiction of the courts of Québec and, 
where applicable, Canada with respect to the application 
of the Deposit Institutions Act, the Prescribed Debt 
Regulations, and the other laws and regulations 
applicable in Québec with respect to the Bail-inable 
Notes;

--- Page 95 ---
-77- 
(iii)  
it has represented and warranted to the Issuer that the 
Issuer has not directly or indirectly provided financing to 
the Noteholder for the express purpose of investing in the 
Bail-inable Notes; and 
(iv) 
the items mentioned in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) are 
binding on it despite any terms of the Bail-inable Notes 
(including the terms and conditions of the Bail-inable 
Notes), any other law governing the Bail-inable Notes or 
any agreement, arrangement or understanding between 
the parties with respect to the Bail-inable Notes. 
The Final Terms, or in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing 
Supplement will specify whether the Senior Notes are Bail-inable 
Notes. 
Each Noteholder (or beneficial owner) of the Bail-inable Notes that 
acquires an interest in the Bail-inable Notes in the secondary 
markets and any successors, assigns, heirs, executors, 
administrators, trustees in bankruptcy and legal representatives of 
any such Noteholder (or beneficial owner) shall be deemed to 
acknowledge, accept and agree to be bound by, and consent to, 
the same provisions specified herein to the same extent as the 
Noteholders (or beneficial owners) that acquire an interest in the 
Bail-inable Notes upon their initial issuance, including, without 
limitation, with respect to the acknowledgement and agreement to 
be bound by, and consent to, the terms of the Bail-inable Notes 
related to the Resolution Powers (including the Bail-in Powers). 
Negative Pledge: 
 
 
None. 
Events of Default:  
The terms of the Senior Notes provide for the following events of 
default, (a) non-payment for 30 Business Days of interest or 
principal; and (b) the Federation becomes insolvent or bankrupt 
or subject to the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution provisions 
of the Cooperatives Act or other applicable law, or any statute 
hereafter enacted in substitution therefor, as such act, or 
substituted act, may be amended from time to time, or the 
Federation goes into wind-up, liquidation or dissolution, either 
voluntarily or under an order of a court of competent jurisdiction, 
duly passes or approves a resolution or declaration for the 
winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Federation, or is 
ordered wound-up, liquidated or dissolved other than, in each 
case, for the purposes of, or as part of, an Exempt Restructuring. 
Noteholders may, however, only exercise rights to accelerate Bail-
inable Notes upon the occurrence of any such event where an 
order has not been sought by the AMF and made by the resolution

--- Page 96 ---
-78- 
board in respect of any deposit institution being part of the Groupe 
coopératif Desjardins and, notwithstanding the exercise of any 
right to accelerate the Bail-inable Notes, Bail-inable Notes 
continue to be subject to the Bail-in Powers until repaid in full.  
The exercise by the AMF of its Bail-in Powers in respect of any 
Bail-inable Notes will not result in an event of default in respect of 
such Notes. 
 
The terms of the NVCC Subordinated Notes provide for events of 
default in the event that the Federation becomes insolvent or 
bankrupt or subject to the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution 
provisions of the Cooperatives Act or other applicable law, or any 
statute enacted in substitution therefor, or if the Federation goes 
into wind-up, liquidation or dissolution, either voluntarily or under 
an order of a court of competent jurisdiction, duly passes or 
approves a resolution or declaration for the winding-up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Federation, or is ordered wound-up, liquidated 
or dissolved other than, in each case, for the purposes of, or as 
part of, an Exempt Restructuring.   
None of (i) the non-payment or default in the payment of interest 
on the NVCC Subordinated Notes, (ii) a default in the performance 
of any other covenant or other obligation of the Federation under 
the terms for the NVCC Subordinated Notes, or (iii) the 
occurrence of an Automatic Conversion upon the occurrence of a 
Non-Viability Trigger Event will constitute an event of default 
under the terms of the NVCC Subordinated Notes. 
On an event of default, absent a Non-Viability Trigger Event, 
Noteholders may cause the NVCC Subordinated Notes to become 
due and payable, subject to the subordination provisions of the 
NVCC Subordinated Notes. 
An "Exempt Restructuring" means, in summary, a resolution or 
order for wind-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Federation with 
a view to the amalgamation, consolidation, combination or merger 
of the Federation with or into another person (a "Successor in 
Business") or the conveyance, transfer, sale or lease of the 
Federation's properties and assets as an entirety to such 
Successor in Business, where the amalgamation, consolidation, 
combination, merger, conveyance, transfer, sale or lease 
complies with the conditions outlined in the definition of Exempt 
Restructuring set out on pages 163 and 296 of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Cross Default:  
 
 
None.

--- Page 97 ---
-79- 
Waiver of Set-Off: 
 
Bail-inable Notes are not subject to set-off or netting rights. 
Rating: 
 
This Programme has been rated by Moody's Canada, S&P 
Canada, DBRS and Fitch. Notes issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. When a Tranche of Notes is rated, each 
such rating (and the credit rating agency issuing each such rating) 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement and such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. Investors may suffer losses if a 
credit rating assigned to the Notes by a credit rating agency does 
not reflect the then creditworthiness of such Notes. 
Listing and Admission to  
Trading: 
 
Each Series will be either be (i) listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, 
and/or (ii) admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or (iii) 
issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as may be agreed by the Federation and the 
relevant Dealer(s). The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement will specify the applicable 
listing authority or stock exchange where the Notes are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading or quotation.  
The Federation is not under any obligation to Noteholders to 
maintain any listing of Notes. If the Federation, in good faith, 
determines that it is unduly onerous to maintain such listing, it may 
terminate the listing of such Notes provided it uses its best efforts 
to procure and maintain an alternative admission to listing, trading 
and/or quotation of such Notes by another listing authority, 
securities exchange and/or quotation system (including a market 
which is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or a 
market outside of the European Economic Area) as it may 
reasonably decide, provided however that such stock exchange is 
commonly used for the listing and trading of debt securities in the 
international debt capital markets, and the Federation shall notify 
the relevant Dealer(s) of such change of listing venue.

--- Page 98 ---
-80- 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction:  
Senior Notes and NVCC Subordinated Notes in bearer form will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable 
therein.  
 
 
Senior Notes and NVCC Subordinated Notes in registered form 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws 
of the State of New York, except that (i) the provisions relating to 
the agreement of bail-in by holders and beneficial owners of Bail-
inable Notes, as set forth in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Registered Notes, and (ii) the ranking and subordination 
provisions and the provisions relating to an Automatic Conversion 
upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event of the NVCC 
Subordinated Notes, as set forth in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Registered Notes, will be governed by the laws of the Province 
of Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. See 
further "Agreement of Noteholders with respect to Bail-inable 
Notes" in respect of Bail-inable Notes. 
By acquiring an interest in any Bail-inable Note, each holder or 
beneficial owner of an interest in that Bail-inable Note is deemed 
to attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Québec 
in Canada with respect to the Deposit Institutions Act and the laws 
of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada 
applicable therein in respect of the application of the Deposit 
Institutions Act and regulations thereunder with respect to the Bail-
inable Notes. 
General Selling Restrictions: 
 
The Notes may be offered (i) in the United States only, (ii) outside 
the United States only or (iii) in and outside the United States 
simultaneously as part of a global offering. The offering and 
distribution of the Notes are subject to certain restrictions. In 
particular, restrictions on the offering and distribution of the Notes 
and this Base Prospectus will apply to sales made in certain other 
countries, including Canada, the United States, the European 
Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and other restrictions may 
apply in connection with a particular issuance of Notes, as 
specified in the applicable Drawdown Prospectus or Supplement 
to the Base Prospectus or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. See "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Any such other restrictions as 
may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes will be set forth in the applicable 
Drawdown Prospectus or Supplement to the Base Prospectus or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 99 ---
-81- 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
Bearer Notes: 
The Notes issued in bearer form will be issued in compliance with 
rules identical to those provided in U.S. Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") unless (i) the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement state that the Notes are issued in compliance with 
rules identical to those provided in U.S. Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or (ii) the Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules or the 
TEFRA C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute "registration required obligations" under section 
4701(b) of the Code (an "Excluded Transfer"), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement as an Excluded 
Transfer. 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
The Federation is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement, Registered Notes may be sold in 
compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act and, if also 
specified, Registered Notes may be sold in accordance with 
Regulation S. 
Transfer Restrictions: 
 
There are restrictions on the transfer of certain Registered Notes. 
See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions—United States —Transfer Restrictions". 
Risk Factors: 
 
There are certain risks related to any issue of Notes under the 
Programme, which investors should ensure they fully understand. 
These principal risks, organised in appropriate categories and 
sub-categories, are set out in summary form under "Risk Factors" 
beginning on page 1 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 100 ---
-82- 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or 
talons attached, or registered form, without receipts, interest coupons and/or talons attached. Bearer Notes 
will be offered and sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and Registered Notes will be 
offered and sold either (1) only within the United States to QIBs, or to or for the benefit of U.S. persons who 
are QIBs, in each case in reliance on Rule 144A, or (2) both outside the United States in reliance on the 
exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United States to QIBs or to or for the 
benefit of U.S. persons who are QIBs, in each case in reliance on Rule 144A. 
Bearer Notes 
The relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of 
Bearer Notes issued will specify whether TEFRA C Rules or TEFRA D Rules apply or, in the case of Bearer 
Notes with a maturity of less than a year, that the TEFRA Rules are not applicable. If TEFRA C Rules apply, 
each issue of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a permanent global Note, without receipts, 
interest coupons or talons. If TEFRA D Rules apply, each issue of Bearer Notes will initially be represented 
by a temporary global Note, without receipts, interest coupons or talons. Such temporary global Note or 
permanent global Note, as the case may be, (i) if intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement, will be 
delivered on or prior to the relevant Issue Date to a common safekeeper ("Common Safekeeper") for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) if intended to be issued in classic global note ("CGN") 
form as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement, will 
be delivered on or prior to the relevant Issue Date to a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time 
to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing 
system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and 
a statement issued by such closing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant clearing system at that time. 
If an interest payment date for any Bearer Notes occurs whilst such Bearer Notes are represented by 
a temporary global Note, the related interest payment will be made (against presentation of the temporary 
global Note if the temporary global Note is issued in CGN form) only to the extent that certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership (in a form to be provided by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) has 
been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or after the date (the "Exchange Date") which 
is 40 days after the date of completion of the distribution of the Bearer Notes, upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership, interests in the temporary global Note, if any, will be exchangeable for interests 
in a permanent global Note. No payments will be made on a temporary global Note after the Exchange 
Date. Payments of principal or interest (if any) in respect of a permanent global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or, in the case of the payment of principal 
and all accrued interest in full, surrender, as the case may be, of the permanent global Note if the permanent 
global Note is in CGN form) without any requirement for certification. Temporary and permanent global 
Notes and definitive Bearer Notes will be issued by the Bearer Fiscal Agent pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement. Until exchanged in full, the holder of an interest in any global Note shall in all respects be

--- Page 101 ---
-83- 
entitled to the same benefits as the holder of Bearer Notes, receipts and interest coupons, subject as set 
out in the Conditions. 
Interests in a permanent global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) in whole (but not in part) by 
the owners thereof for security-printed definitive Notes only if such exchange is permitted by applicable law 
and one of the following events has occurred: (i) Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system, as the case may be, closes for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces its intention to permanently cease 
business or does in fact do so; (ii) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and the 
relevant clearing system acting on instructions of the owners of interests in such permanent global Note 
requests in writing definitive Notes from the Bearer Fiscal Agent or (iii) the Federation determines that it 
would suffer a material disadvantage in respect of the Bearer Notes as a result of a change in the laws or 
regulations (taxation or otherwise) of any jurisdiction referred to in Condition 9 which would not be suffered 
were the Bearer Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect (signed by an authorized signatory 
of the Federation) is delivered to the Bearer Fiscal Agent for display to Noteholders together with a request 
that definitive Bearer Notes be issued. In such circumstances, the Federation will cause sufficient definitive 
Bearer Notes to be executed and delivered as soon as practicable (and, in any event, within 45 days of the 
occurrence of any of the circumstances described in (i) or the making of the written request described in (ii) 
or (iii) above) to the Bearer Fiscal Agent for completion, authentication and delivery to the owners of 
interests in such permanent global Note. 
The following legend will appear on all global Bearer Notes (other than a temporary global note), 
definitive Bearer Notes, receipts and interest coupons issued under TEFRA D Rules: 
"Any U.S. person (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of the United States) who 
holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws including 
the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986". 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition or payment of principal in respect of Notes, receipts or interest 
coupons. 
The following legend will appear on all global Notes and definitive Notes: 
"THIS NOTE IS NOT INSURED UNDER THE DEPOSIT INSTITUTIONS AND DEPOSIT 
PROTECTION ACT (QUÉBEC) OR THE CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION 
ACT". 
The following legend will appear on Notes identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement: 
"THE NOTES (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS THEREIN) ARE (IN EACH CASE, IN WHOLE 
OR IN PART) SUBJECT TO CONVERSION INTO CONTRIBUTED CAPITAL SECURITIES OF 
THE FEDERATION, OF A DEPOSIT-TAKING INSTITUTION THAT IS PART OF THE GROUPE 
COOPÉRATIF DESJARDINS OR OF A LEGAL PERSON CONSTITUTED OR RESULTING FROM 
AN AMALGAMATION/CONTINUANCE OR OTHER CONVERSION CARRIED OUT FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF THE RESOLUTION OF THE FÉDÉRATION DES CAISSES DESJARDINS DU

--- Page 102 ---
-84- 
QUÉBEC BY THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS FINANCIERS (QUÉBEC) UNDER SECTION 40.50 
OF THE DEPOSIT INSTITUTIONS AND DEPOSIT PROTECTION ACT (QUÉBEC) AND 
REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER (INCLUDING, AMONG OTHERS, THE 
REGULATION RESPECTING THE CLASSES OF NEGOTIABLE AND TRANSFERABLE 
UNSECURED DEBTS AND THE ISSUANCE OF SUCH DEBTS AND OF SHARES (QUÉBEC)." 
Bearer Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferrable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, except in relation to Bearer Notes in NGN form, be deemed to include a reference to any additional 
or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement or as may otherwise be approved by the Federation, the Bearer Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers. 
 
Direct Rights 
Each global Bearer Note provides that the holder may cause such global Bearer Note, or a portion of it 
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination, to become due and repayable in the circumstances 
described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default" by stating in the notice to the 
Bearer Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such global Bearer Note that is becoming due and repayable. 
If the principal in respect of any such global Bearer Note is not paid before 8:00 p.m. (London time) on the 
relevant due date, the holder of a global Bearer Note may elect for direct enforcement rights against the 
Federation in favour of one or more of the persons with beneficial interests in such Bearer Notes equal to 
at least the Specified Denomination as accountholders within the relevant clearing systems. Following any 
such acquisition of direct rights, the global Bearer Note will become void as to the specified portion. 
Registered Notes 
 
Form of the Notes and registration 
 
General 
The Registered Notes may be offered (i) within the United States only to QIBs in reliance on the 
exemption provided by Rule 144A or (ii) simultaneously within the United States to QIBs in reliance on the 
exemption provided by Rule 144A and outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in offshore 
transactions in reliance on Regulation S as part of a global offering. Upon issue, Registered Notes will be 
represented initially by one or more global certificates in fully registered form (each, a "Global Note") 
without receipts, interest coupons or talons. 
If the Registered Notes are intended to be held under the NSS, the Euro Regulation S Global Notes 
representing such Registered Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to 
a Common Safekeeper.  
Registered Notes sold pursuant to an offering made in the United States only will be represented by 
one or more Global Notes deposited with the U.S. Registrar (in such capacity, the "Custodian") as 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC as depositary (each Global Note so 
deposited and registered is referred to herein as a "Rule 144A Global Note").

--- Page 103 ---
-85- 
Registered Notes sold pursuant to an offering made in and outside the United States simultaneously 
as part of a global offering may be represented either (i) solely by one or more Rule 144A Global Notes 
registered in respect of Registered Notes sold in the United States and one or more Global Note deposited 
with the U.S. Registrar as custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC, registered in 
respect of Registered Notes sold outside the United States (each Global Note so deposited and registered 
is referred to herein as a "DTC Regulation S Global Note"; and each DTC Regulation S Global Note 
together with any Euro Regulation S Global Note, each a "Regulation S Global Note"; and each DTC 
Regulation S Global Note together with any Rule 144A Global Note, each a "DTC Global Note"), such 
arrangement referred to herein as a "Single Global Note Issue" or, alternatively (ii) by one or more Rule 
144A Global Notes so deposited and registered in respect of Registered Notes sold in the United States, 
and a separate Euro Regulation S Global Note registered by the European Registrar (which initially is The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch) in a register (the "European Register") in the name 
of, or the name of a nominee of, and deposited with (i) in the case of Registered Notes held under the NSS, 
the Common Safekeeper, and (ii) in the case of Registered Notes not held under NSS, a common 
depositary (the "Depositary") for, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, (each 
Global Note so deposited and registered is referred to herein as a "Euro Regulation S Global Note") in 
respect of Registered Notes sold outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S, such 
arrangement referred to herein as a "Dual Global Note Issue". 
The European Registrar will cause the European Register to be kept initially at its offices in 
Luxembourg, in which, subject to such reasonable regulations it may prescribe, the European Registrar will 
provide for the registration of Euro Regulation S Global Notes, any Definitive Registered Notes related 
thereto and any transfers thereof. The Issuer reserves the right to transfer such registration function to 
another bank or financial institution at any time. 
Registered Notes sold to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A (including beneficial interests in the Rule 144A 
Global Notes) will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer and will bear a restrictive legend as described 
under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Except as described below, owners of beneficial interests in a Global Note (each, a "Beneficial 
Owner") will not be entitled to have Registered Notes registered in their names, will not receive or be 
entitled to receive physical delivery of Registered Notes in individual certificated registered form (each, a 
"Definitive Registered Note") and will not be considered the owners or holders thereof under the 
Registered Notes Agency Agreement. Beneficial interests in a Global Note will be represented, and 
transfers thereof will be effected, only through book-entry accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf 
of the Beneficial Owners, as a direct or indirect participant in the relevant clearing system. 
Investors in a global offering may elect to hold beneficial interests in a Global Note (a) through DTC (in 
the United States) if such investors are U.S. persons who are also QIBs, or (b) through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (in Europe) if such investors are not U.S. persons (within the meaning of 
Regulation S), if they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through organizations that are 
participants in such systems. If the Registered Notes sold pursuant to a global offering are part of a Single 
Global Note Issue, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will hold omnibus positions on behalf of their 
participants through customers' securities accounts in Clearstream, Luxembourg's and/or Euroclear's 
names on the books of their respective U.S. depositories, which, in turn, hold such positions in customers' 
securities accounts in the U.S. depositories' names on the books of DTC. Citibank, N.A. acts as the U.S.

--- Page 104 ---
-86- 
depository for Clearstream, Luxembourg and The Bank of New York Mellon, New York acts as the U.S. 
depository for Euroclear (each, a "U.S. Depositary" and, collectively, the "U.S. Depositaries"). 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York will serve initially as the U.S. registrar for the Registered 
Notes (the "U.S. Registrar"). In such capacity, the U.S. Registrar will cause to be kept at its offices in The 
City of New York, a register (the "U.S. Register"; the U.S. Register and the European Register are 
collectively referred to as the "Registers" and each a "Register") in which, subject to such reasonable 
regulations as it may prescribe, the U.S. Registrar will provide for the registration of Registered Notes and 
of transfers thereof. The Issuer reserves the right to transfer such registration function to another bank or 
financial institution at any time. Subject to applicable law and the terms of the Registered Notes Agency 
Agreement and the Registered Notes, the Issuer, the Registered Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Registrars and the Transfer Agents (collectively, the "Agents," and each individually, a "Agent") will deem 
and treat the registered holder or holders of Securities in the relevant Register as the absolute owner or 
owners thereof for all purposes whatsoever notwithstanding any notice to the contrary; and all payments 
to, or to the order of, the registered holders will be valid and effectual to discharge the liability of the Issuer 
and the Agents on the Registered Notes to the extent of the sum or sums so paid. So long as DTC, its 
nominee, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, a nominee of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or a successor to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any such nominee is 
the registered owner of a Global Note, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any such 
nominee or successor, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Registered 
Notes represented by such Global Note for all purposes under the Registered Notes Agency Agreement. 
Accordingly, any Beneficial Owner must rely on the procedures of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, if such person is not a participant in any such clearing system, on 
the procedures of the participant therein through which such person owns its beneficial interest, to exercise 
any rights of a holder of Registered Notes. The Issuer understands that, under existing industry practices, 
in the event that the Issuer requests any action of holders or that Beneficial Owners desire to give or take 
any action which a holder is entitled to give or take under the Registered Notes Agency Agreement, DTC, 
its nominee or a successor to DTC or its nominee, as the holder of the DTC Global Note, would authorize 
the participants through which the relevant beneficial interests are held (or persons holding beneficial 
interests in the Registered Notes through participants) to give or take such action, and such participants 
would authorize Beneficial Owners owning through such participants (or such persons holding beneficial 
interests in the Registered Notes through participants) to give or take such action and would otherwise act 
upon the instructions given to such participants (or such persons) by such Beneficial Owners. 
DTC may grant proxies or otherwise authorize its participants (or persons holding beneficial interests 
in the Registered Notes through its participants) to exercise any rights of a holder or take any other actions 
which a holder is entitled to take under the Registered Notes Agency Agreement or in respect of the 
Registered Notes. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will take any action 
permitted to be taken by a holder under the Registered Notes Agency Agreement or the Registered Notes 
on behalf of a Euroclear participant or a Clearstream, Luxembourg participant only in accordance with its 
relevant rules and procedures and, with respect to beneficial interests in a DTC Global Note, subject to the 
common depositary's ability to effect such actions on its behalf through DTC. Because DTC can act only 
on behalf of its participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a Beneficial 
Owner to pledge its beneficial interest in the Registered Notes to persons or entities that do not participate 
in the DTC system or otherwise take action in respect of such beneficial interest, may be limited by the lack 
of a definitive certificate for such beneficial interest. The laws of some jurisdictions may require that certain

--- Page 105 ---
-87- 
purchasers of securities take physical delivery of such securities in definitive form. Such limits and such 
laws may impair the ability to transfer beneficial interests in a DTC Global Note. 
Principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, the Registered Notes are payable to the persons in 
whose names the Registered Notes are registered on the Record Date (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Registered Notes) preceding any Interest Payment Date or at Maturity, as the case may 
be. Ownership positions within each clearing system will be determined in accordance with the normal 
conventions observed by such system. The U.S. Paying Agent and the European Paying Agent will act as 
the Issuer's paying agents for the Registered Notes pursuant to the Registered Notes Agency Agreement. 
Principal and interest payments on a Global Note will be made to DTC, its nominee or a nominee of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (or to any successor to DTC or any such 
nominee), as the registered holder of the Global Note representing such Registered Notes. Neither the 
Issuer nor any agent of the Issuer will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
Upon receipt of any payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, a DTC Global Note, the 
Issuer expects that DTC will credit its participants' accounts with payment in amounts proportionate to their 
respective beneficial interests in the principal amount of such DTC Global Note as shown on the records of 
DTC. Payments by such participants to owners of beneficial interests in the DTC Global Note held through 
such participants will be the responsibility of such participants, as is now the case with securities held for 
the accounts of customers registered in a "street name". Distributions with respect to Registered Notes held 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be credited to the cash accounts of Euroclear 
participants (as defined herein) and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants (as defined herein) in 
accordance with the relevant system's rules and procedures, to the extent received by the Depositary.  
 
Exchange of Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes 
Beneficial interests in a Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes, only if such 
exchange is permitted by applicable law and one of the following events has occurred: (i) in the case of a 
DTC Global Note, DTC notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for the DTC 
Global Note or DTC ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, if so required by 
applicable law or regulation, and, in either case, a successor depositary is not appointed by the Issuer 
within 90 days after receiving such notice or becoming aware that DTC is no longer so registered, (ii) in the 
case of any other Global Note, the clearing system(s) through which it is cleared and settled is closed for 
business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention to cease business permanently or does in fact do so and a successor 
or successors is or are not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days from the commencement of such closure, 
announcement or cessation of business, (iii) the Issuer, in its discretion, elects to issue Definitive Registered 
Notes for a specific issue of Securities; or (iv) an Event of Default as described in Condition 11 occurs. The 
Definitive Registered Notes so issued in exchange for any such Global Note shall be of like tenor and of an 
equal aggregate principal amount, in authorized denominations and will bear the restrictive legend as 
referred to in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Such Definitive Registered 
Notes shall be registered in the relevant Register in the name or names of such person or persons as the 
relevant clearing system shall instruct the applicable Registrar. It is expected that such instructions may be 
based upon directions received by DTC from DTC participants with respect to ownership of beneficial 
interests in the DTC Global Note. Except as provided above, owners of beneficial interests in a Global Note

--- Page 106 ---
-88- 
will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of Definitive Registered Notes and will not be considered the 
registered holders of such Registered Notes for any purpose. 
 
Exchange of Definitive Registered Notes for Definitive Registered Notes 
Any Definitive Registered Note issued under the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph 
will be transferable in whole or in part in an authorized denomination upon the surrender of such Registered 
Note, together with the form of transfer endorsed thereon duly completed and executed, at the specified 
office of the applicable Registrar or the specified office of the Transfer Agent or any other transfer agent 
maintained for that purpose. In the case of a transfer in part only of a Definitive Registered Note, a new 
Definitive Registered Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. Each 
new Definitive Registered Note to be issued upon transfer will, within three Business Days of receipt of 
such form of transfer, be delivered to the transferee at the office of the applicable Registrar, the Transfer 
Agent or such paying agent or mailed, at the risk of the holder entitled to the Definitive Registered Note in 
respect of which the relevant Definitive Registered Note is issued, to such address as may be specified in 
such form of transfer. 
 
Exchange of Definitive Registered Notes for Global Notes 
Definitive Registered Notes may not be transferred for beneficial interests in any Global Note unless 
the transferor first delivers to the Transfer Agent a written certificate to the effect that such transfer will 
comply with the appropriate transfer restrictions applicable to such Registered Notes. See "Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
 
Exchange between Regulation S Global Notes and Rule 144A Global Notes 
Interests in a Regulation S Global Note may be transferred to a person who wishes to hold an interest 
in a Rule 144A Global Note only upon receipt by the Registrars, the Transfer Agent and the Paying Agents 
of a written certification from the transferor (in the form set out in the Registered Notes Agency Agreement) 
to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a 
qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A purchasing for its own account or for the 
account of a qualified institutional buyer, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in 
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global Note may also be transferred to a person who wishes to hold an interest 
through a Regulation S Global Note, but only upon receipt by the Registrars, the Transfer Agent and the 
Paying Agents of a written certification from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S or with Rule 144A (if available) under the Securities 
Act. 
Any interest in either a Rule 144A Global Note or a Regulation S Global Note that is transferred to a 
person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the other Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to 
be an interest in such Global Note and become an interest in the other Global Note and, accordingly, will 
thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to an interest in such other 
Global Note.

--- Page 107 ---
-89- 
 
Global clearance and settlement 
 
General 
Registered Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be held through one or more international 
and domestic clearing systems, principally, the book-entry systems operated by DTC in the United States, 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg in Europe. Electronic securities and payment transfer, 
processing, depositary and custodial links have been established among these systems and others, either 
directly or through custodians and depositaries, which enable Registered Notes to be issued, held and 
transferred among the clearing systems through these links. The relevant Agents (if any) have direct 
electronic links with DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Special procedures have been 
established among these clearing systems and the relevant Agents (if any) to facilitate clearance and 
settlement of certain Registered Notes traded across borders in the secondary market. Cross-market 
transfers of Registered Notes in respect of which payments will be made in U.S. dollars and which will be 
issued in global form may be cleared and settled using these procedures on a delivery against payment 
basis. Cross-market transfers of Registered Notes in other than global form may be cleared and settled in 
accordance with other procedures established among any relevant Agent or Agents, as the case may be, 
and the clearing systems concerned for this purpose. 
Although DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have agreed to the procedures described 
below in order to facilitate transfers of Registered Notes among participants of DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures 
and such procedures may be modified or discontinued at any time. Neither the Issuer nor the Agents (if 
any) will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or their respective participants or indirect participants of the respective obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations. 
 
The clearing systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York 
Banking Law, a "banking organization" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the 
Federal Reserve System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial 
Code, and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. 
DTC holds and provides asset servicing for over 3.5 million issues of U.S. and non-U.S. equity issues, 
corporate and municipal debt issues, and money market instruments (from over 100 countries) that DTC's 
participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlement among 
Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions in deposited securities, through electronic 
computerized book-entry transfers and pledges between Direct Participants' accounts. This eliminates the 
need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations, and certain other 
organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). 
DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing 
Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated 
subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a

--- Page 108 ---
-90- 
custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants"). The 
DTC Rules applicable to its Participants are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream, Luxembourg holds securities for its participating organizations ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg participants") and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg provides to Clearstream, Luxembourg participants, among other things, services for 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Clearstream, Luxembourg also interfaces with domestic securities markets in 
several countries. Clearstream, Luxembourg is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and as such is subject 
to regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, and the Banque Centrale du 
Luxembourg which supervise and oversee the activities of Luxembourg banks. Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants are world-wide financial institutions including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, 
banks, trust companies and clearing corporations, and may include the Agents (if any). Indirect access to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a Clearstream, Luxembourg participant. Clearstream, Luxembourg has established an 
electronic bridge with Euroclear as the operator of the Euroclear system (the "Euroclear Operator") in 
Brussels to facilitate settlement of trades between Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Euroclear Operator. 
Distributions with respect to Registered Notes held beneficially through Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
be credited to cash accounts of Clearstream, Luxembourg participants in accordance with its rules and 
procedures, to the extent received by the depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Euroclear 
Euroclear holds securities and book-entry interests in securities for participating organizations 
("Euroclear participants") and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between 
Euroclear participants, and between Euroclear participants and participants of certain other securities 
intermediaries through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of such participants or other securities 
intermediaries. Euroclear provides Euroclear participants, among other things, with safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement, securities lending and borrowing, and related services. Euroclear 
participants are investment banks, securities brokers and dealers, banks, central banks, supranationals, 
custodians, investment managers, corporations, trust companies and certain other organizations, and may 
include the Agents (if any). Non-participants in Euroclear may hold and transfer beneficial interests in a 
Global Note through accounts with a participant in the Euroclear system or any other securities intermediary 
that holds a book-entry interest in a Global Note through one or more securities intermediaries standing 
between such other securities intermediary and Euroclear. Securities clearance accounts and cash 
accounts with the Euroclear Operator are governed by the Terms and Conditions Governing Use of 
Euroclear and the related Operating Procedures of the Euroclear System, and applicable Belgian law 
(collectively, the "Euroclear Terms and Conditions"). The Euroclear Terms and Conditions governs 
transfers of securities and cash within Euroclear, withdrawals of securities and cash from Euroclear, and 
receipts of payments with respect to securities in Euroclear. All securities in Euroclear are held on a fungible 
basis without attribution of specific certificates to specific securities clearance accounts. The Euroclear 
Operator acts under the Euroclear Terms and Conditions only on behalf of Euroclear participants, and has

--- Page 109 ---
-91- 
no record or relationship with persons holding through Euroclear participants. Distributions with respect to 
Registered Notes held beneficially through Euroclear will be credited to the cash accounts of Euroclear 
participants in accordance with the Euroclear Terms and Conditions, to the extent received by the 
depositary for Euroclear. 
Other clearing systems 
Any other clearing system which the Issuer, the applicable Agent(s) and the relevant Dealer(s) agree 
shall be available for a particular issuance of Registered Notes, including the clearance and settlement 
procedures for such clearing system, will be described in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement. 
 
Primary distribution 
General 
Distributions of the Registered Notes will be cleared through one or more of the clearing systems 
described above or any other clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement. Payment for Registered Notes will be made on a delivery-versus-
payment basis unless a free delivery basis is agreed with the relevant Dealers.  
The Issuer and the relevant Agent(s) (if any) shall agree that either global clearance and settlement 
procedures or specific clearance and settlement procedures should be available for any Series of 
Registered Notes, in each case as agreed with the relevant Dealers. Clearance and settlement procedures 
may vary from one Series of Registered Notes to another according to the Specified Currency of the 
Registered Notes of such Series. Customary clearance and settlement procedures are described under the 
specific clearance and settlement procedures below. Application will be made to the relevant clearing 
system(s) for the Registered Notes of the relevant Series to be accepted for clearance and settlement and 
the applicable clearance numbers will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement. 
Clearance and Settlement Procedures 
DTC. DTC participants holding Registered Notes through DTC on behalf of investors will follow the 
settlement practices applicable to U.S. corporate debt obligations in DTC's Same-Day Funds Settlement 
System. Registered Notes will be credited to the securities custody accounts of such DTC participants 
against payment in same-day funds on the settlement date. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Investors electing to hold their Registered Notes through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg accounts will follow the settlement procedures applicable to 
conventional Eurobonds in registered form. Registered Notes will be credited to the securities custody 
accounts of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants, as the case may be, on the business 
day following the settlement date against payment for value on the settlement date.

--- Page 110 ---
-92- 
 
Secondary market trading 
Trading between DTC Participants 
Secondary market trading between DTC participants will occur in the ordinary way in accordance with 
DTC's rules and will be settled using procedures applicable to U.S. corporate debt obligations in DTC's 
Same-Day Funds Settlement System in same-day funds, if payment is made in U.S. dollars, or free of 
payment if payment is made in a currency other than U.S. dollars. In the latter case, separate payment 
arrangements outside of the DTC system are required to be made between DTC participants. 
Trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg Participants 
Secondary market trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants will occur 
in the ordinary way in accordance with the applicable rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be settled using procedures applicable to conventional Eurobonds in 
registered form. 
 
Trading between a DTC seller and a Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg purchaser 
Single Global Note Issues 
When Registered Notes represented by a DTC Global Note are to be transferred from the account of 
a DTC participant (other than the U.S. Depositaries) to the account of a Euroclear participant or a 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participant, the purchaser must send instructions to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg through a participant at least one business day prior to settlement. Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will instruct its U.S. Depositary to receive the Registered Notes against 
payment or free of payment, as the case may be. Its U.S. Depositary will then make payment to the DTC 
participant's account against delivery of the Registered Notes. After settlement has been completed, the 
Registered Notes will be credited to the respective clearing system and by the clearing system, in 
accordance with its usual procedures, to the account of the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participant. Credit for the Registered Notes will appear on the next day (Central European Time) and cash 
debit will be back-valued to, and the interest on the Registered Notes will accrue from, the value date (which 
would be the preceding day, when settlement occurs in New York). If settlement is not completed on the 
intended value date (i.e., the trade fails), the Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg cash debit will be 
valued instead as of the actual settlement date.  
Euroclear participants or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants will need to make available to the 
respective clearing systems the funds necessary to process same-day funds settlement. The most direct 
means of doing so is to pre-position funds for settlement, either from cash on hand or existing lines of credit, 
as the participants would for any settlement occurring within Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Under 
this approach, participants may take on credit exposure to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg until the 
Registered Notes are credited to their accounts one day later. 
As an alternative, if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has extended a line of credit to them, 
participants can elect not to pre-position funds and allow that credit line to be drawn upon to finance 
settlement. Under this procedure, Euroclear participants or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants 
purchasing Registered Notes would incur overdraft charges for one day, assuming they cleared the 
overdraft when the Registered Notes were credited to their accounts. However, interest on the Registered

--- Page 111 ---
-93- 
Notes would accrue from the value date. Therefore, in many cases, the investment income on Registered 
Notes earned during that one-day period may substantially reduce or offset the amount of such overdraft 
charges, although this result will depend on each participant's particular cost of funds. 
Because the settlement will take place during New York business hours, DTC participants can employ 
their usual procedures for delivering Registered Notes to the applicable U.S. Depositary for the benefit of 
Euroclear participants and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants. The sale proceeds will be available to 
the DTC seller on the settlement date. Thus, to the DTC participants, a cross-market transaction will settle 
no differently than a trade between two DTC participants. 
Dual Global Note issues 
When Registered Notes are to be transferred from the account of a DTC participant to the account of 
a Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant, the DTC participant will deliver the Registered Notes 
free of payment to the appropriate account of the Custodian at DTC by 11:00 A.M. (New York time) on the 
settlement date together with instructions for delivery to the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participant. Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the relevant Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participant and the DTC participant. The applicable Registrar, as custodian, will 
(i) decrease the amount of Registered Notes registered in the name of the nominee of DTC and represented 
by the DTC Global Note and (ii) increase the amount of Registered Notes registered in the name of the 
nominee of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and represented by the Global Note. The Depositary 
will deliver such Registered Notes free of payment to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for credit to the relevant participant in such clearing system on the business day following the 
settlement date. 
 
Trading between a Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg seller and a DTC purchaser 
Single Global Note issues 
Due to time zone differences in their favor, Euroclear participants or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants may employ their customary procedures for transactions in which Registered Notes 
represented by a DTC Global Note are to be transferred by the respective clearing system through the 
applicable U.S. Depositary to another DTC participant's account. The seller must send instructions to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg through a participant at least one business day prior to settlement. 
In these cases, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will instruct its respective U.S. Depositary to credit 
the Registered Notes to the DTC participant's account against payment. The payment will then be reflected 
in the account of the Euroclear participant or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant the following business 
day, and receipt of the cash proceeds in the Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant's account 
will be back-valued to the value date (which would be the preceding day, when settlement occurs in New 
York). If the Euroclear participant or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant has a line of credit with its 
respective clearing system and elects to draw on such line of credit in anticipation of receipt of the sale 
proceeds in its account, the back-valuation may substantially reduce or offset any overdraft charges 
incurred over the one-day period. If settlement is not completed on the intended value date (i.e., the trade 
fails), receipt of the cash proceeds in the Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant's account would 
instead be valued as of the actual settlement date.

--- Page 112 ---
-94- 
As is the case with sales of Registered Notes represented by a DTC Global Note by a DTC participant 
to a Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant, participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will have their accounts credited the day after their settlement date. 
Dual Global Note issues 
When Registered Notes are to be transferred from the account of a Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg participant to the account of a DTC participant, the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg participant must provide settlement instructions for delivery of the Registered Notes free of 
payment to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, by 7:45 P.M. (Brussels or 
Luxembourg time, as the case may be) one business day prior to the settlement date. Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will in turn provide appropriate settlement instructions to the Depositary for 
delivery to the DTC participant.  
Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the DTC participant and the relevant 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant. On the settlement date, the Custodian will deliver the 
Registered Notes free of payment to the appropriate DTC account of the DTC participant and will instruct 
the applicable Registrar to (i) decrease the amount of Registered Notes registered in the name of the 
nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and represented by the Global Note and (ii) increase 
the amount of Registered Notes registered in the name of the nominee of DTC and represented by the DTC 
Global Note. 
 
Same day settlement and payment generally 
The Registered Notes represented by the Global Notes will be eligible to trade in DTC's Same Day 
Funds Settlement System, and any permitted secondary market trading activity in such Registered Notes 
will, therefore, be required by DTC to be settled in immediately available funds. The Issuer expect that 
secondary trading in any Definitive Registered Notes will also be settled in immediately available funds. 
Because of time zone differences, the securities account of a Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participant purchasing an interest in a Global Note from a Participant in DTC will be credited, and any such 
crediting will be reported to the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant, during the 
securities settlement processing day (which must be a business day for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) immediately following the settlement date of DTC. DTC has advised the Issuer that cash 
received in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as a result of sales of interest in a Global Note by or 
through a Clearstream, Luxembourg participant to a Participant in DTC will be received with value on the 
settlement date of DTC but will be available in the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg cash 
account only as of the business day for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg following DTC's settlement 
date. 
Registered Notes may be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement save that the minimum denomination of each 
Registered Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. See "Special 
Provisions Relating to Foreign Currency Notes" for additional information regarding Foreign Currency 
Notes.

--- Page 113 ---
-95- 
General 
 
Notes that are initially deposited with a depositary or common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or a custodian for DTC may also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
(if indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) other 
clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC 
held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing 
system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
DTC or other clearing systems.

--- Page 114 ---
-96- 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BEARER NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes (each a "Condition") which, as 
completed by the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, as 
completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the provisions of the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, and, if required, simplified by deletion of non applicable provisions will be attached to, 
endorsed on or incorporated by reference into each global Note and definitive Bearer Note. The applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement (or in either case the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed on, or attached to, each temporary global Bearer Note or permanent 
global Bearer Note, as applicable, and each definitive Note. All capitalized terms that are not defined in 
these Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms, Pricing 
Supplement or, as the case may be, the Drawdown Prospectus.  
The Terms and Conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Terms and Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to 
the extent described in such Drawdown Prospectus and, in such circumstances, as endorsed on, or 
attached to, or incorporated by reference into the relevant global Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series of Notes issued by Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec (the 
"Federation" or the "Issuer"). References herein to the "Notes" shall mean with respect to the Notes of 
this Series (as defined herein) (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), 
units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; (ii) any definitive Notes in bearer form 
("Definitive Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note issued in bearer form (a "Global Bearer 
Note"); and (iii) any Global Bearer Note issued subject to, and with the benefit of, an Amended and Restated 
Agency Agreement dated 20 December 2021 (as further amended or supplemented from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof; the "Bearer Notes Agency Agreement") made between the Issuer, 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as issuing and principal paying agent (the "Bearer Fiscal 
Agent," which expression shall include any successor appointed in accordance with the Bearer Notes 
Agency Agreement) and the other paying agents named therein (the "Bearer Notes Paying Agents", which 
expression shall include the Bearer Fiscal Agent). In addition to Bearer Notes issuable under these Terms 
and Conditions of the Bearer Notes (the "Terms and Conditions"), the Issuer may also issue Notes in 
registered form under an Amended and Restated Fiscal Agency Agreement dated 20 December 2021 (as 
further amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof; the "Registered 
Notes Agency Agreement") made between the Issuer, Desjardins Florida Branch, The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch, as fiscal agent (the "Registered Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include 
any successor appointed in accordance with the Registered Notes Agency Agreement), as transfer agent 
(the "Transfer Agent") and as European Paying Agent (the "European Paying Agent"), The Bank of New 
York SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as European Registrar (the "European Registrar"), The Bank Of New 
York Mellon as U.S. registrar (the "U.S. Registrar" and, together with the European Registrar, the 
"Registrars" and each individually, a "Registrar"), as U.S. Exchange Agent (the "U.S. Exchange Agent") 
and as U.S. paying agent (the "U.S. Paying Agent" and, together with the European Paying Agent, the 
"Registered Notes Paying Agents"; and, the Registered Notes Paying Agents, together with the Bearer 
Notes Paying Agents, the "Paying Agents" and each individually, a "Paying Agent"), which expressions 
shall each include any successor appointed in accordance with the Registered Notes Agency Agreement.

--- Page 115 ---
-97- 
The term "Agency Agreement" when used herein shall mean the Bearer Notes Agency Agreement. 
The term "Fiscal Agent" when used herein means the Bearer Fiscal Agent and "Fiscal Agents" means 
the Bearer Fiscal Agent and the Registered Fiscal Agent. As used herein, "Series" means all Notes which 
are issued in the same form, denominated in the same currency and which have the same "Maturity Date", 
being a date on which Notes, other than Notes bearing interest on a floating rate basis ("Floating Rate 
Notes"), will be redeemed (unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled), or in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes, the month and year in which the Notes will be redeemed (unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled), as the case may be, interest and/or payment basis ("Interest/Payment 
Basis") and interest payment dates (if any) (all as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) and the terms of which (save for the date on which the Notes will 
be issued ("Issue Date"), the date from which the Notes, if interest-bearing, bear interest ("Interest 
Commencement Date"), the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and/or the price at 
which the Notes will be issued ("Issue Price") are otherwise identical; and the expressions "Notes of the 
relevant Series" and "holders of Notes of the relevant Series" and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. As used herein, "Tranche" means all Notes of the same Series with the same Issue 
Date, the terms of which are identical in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of more than 
one denomination. The Issuer may create and issue additional Tranches in accordance with Condition 19. 
The final terms and conditions (or the relevant provisions thereof) applicable to this Tranche of Notes 
are set forth in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or endorsed on the Note which completes these Terms 
and Conditions or, if the Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (an "Exempt Note"), the final terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Pricing Supplement attached to or endorsed hereon which 
supplements these Terms and Conditions and which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the Terms and Conditions for the purposes 
of this Note. References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to, endorsed on or incorporated by reference into the Note. References to the 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" are, unless otherwise stated, to the Pricing Supplement (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on the Note and any references in these Terms and Conditions 
to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to the "applicable Pricing Supplement" 
in the case of a Tranche of Exempt Notes. 
Interest bearing Definitive Bearer Notes will have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if issued at a time 
when there are more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached. 
Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to 
include a reference to Talons or talons. 
The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders", which expression shall, in relation to any Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided in Condition 1) and the holders of the Coupons 
(the "Couponholders") are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. 
A copy of the Agency Agreement (which contains the form of Final Terms) is available for inspection 
during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice at the principal office of the Fiscal Agent in 
London, England. A copy of the Agency Agreement is available for collection without charge from the 
registered office of the Federation in Lévis, Québec, Canada. Copies of the applicable Final Terms can be

--- Page 116 ---
-98- 
viewed at the registered offices of the Issuer or the specified offices of the European Paying Agent, save 
that Pricing Supplements may only be viewed by a Noteholder on production of evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin"), the Final Terms can be viewed on the website of Euronext Dublin. If a Note is not so listed but it 
is not an Exempt Note, the Final Terms can be viewed on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com as the competent authority of the home member state for such Notes. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires 
or unless otherwise stated. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
1. Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes of this Series are issuable in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), in the Specified Currency and 
the Specified Denominations and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note other than an Exempt Note will be at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in any currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Specified Currency. None of the Specified Denominations will 
be exchangeable for any other Specified Denominations.  
 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so 
permit, if Specified Denominations are expressed as such, the Notes shall be tradeable only in nominal 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest 
Specified Denomination) specified in the applicable Final Terms and (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) higher integral multiples of at least 1,000 in the relevant currency as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Integral Amount").  
Unless this is an Exempt Note, this Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Rate Reset Note, a Floating 
Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or any appropriate combination thereof, depending upon the 
Interest/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Rate Reset Note, a Floating 
Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or any other type of 
Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment 
Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
This Note is a Senior Note (which may be a Bail-inable Note (as defined below)) or an NVCC 
Subordinated Note depending upon the Status of the Notes indicated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 117 ---
-99- 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons and, if applicable, Talons for further Coupons 
attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to Coupons and Talons in these 
Terms and Conditions are not applicable.  
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. Except as required 
by applicable law or regulatory requirement and except as provided in the second succeeding paragraph, 
the Federation and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Bearer 
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out below.  
 
Any reference herein to "Noteholders", "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall mean, 
for so long as any of the Bearer Notes are represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of Bearer Notes (a "Relevant 
Account Holder") (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Bearer Notes standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Federation, the Fiscal Agent, and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such principal amount of such 
Bearer Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, 
the right to which shall be vested, as against the Federation, the Fiscal Agent any other Paying Agent solely 
in the bearer of the relevant global Bearer Note in accordance with and subject to its terms. Similar rights 
as those made available to Relevant Account Holders in the preceding sentences may be made available 
to Relevant Account Holders in other relevant clearing systems as more fully provided in the Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, except 
in relation to Bearer Notes in NGN form, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms as may otherwise be approved by the Federation 
and the Fiscal Agent. 
 
2. Definitive Notes 
Interests in a permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) in whole (but not in part) by 
the owners thereof for security-printed definitive Notes only if such exchange is permitted by applicable law 
and one of the following events has occurred: (i) Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system, as the case may be, closes for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces its intention to permanently cease 
business or does in fact do so, (ii) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 12) has occurred and the 
relevant clearing system acting on instructions of any person who is shown on a relevant due date in the 
records of such clearing system as the holder of a particular amount of Notes represented by such 
permanent Global Note requests in writing definitive Notes from the Agent or (iii) the Federation determines 
that it would suffer a material disadvantage in respect of the Notes as a result of a change in the laws or 
regulations (taxation or otherwise) of any jurisdiction referred to in Condition 11 which would not be suffered 
were the Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect (signed by an authorized signatory of the

--- Page 118 ---
-100- 
Federation) is delivered to the Agent for display to the Noteholders together with a request that definitive 
Notes be issued. In such circumstances, the Federation will cause sufficient definitive Notes to be executed 
and delivered as soon as practicable (and, in any event within 45 days of the occurrence of any of the 
circumstances described in (i) or the making of the written request described in (ii) or (iii) above) (the 
"Permanent Exchange Date") to the Bearer Agent for completion, authentication and delivery to the 
owners of interests in such permanent Global Notes. 
 
 
3. Status of Notes  
(a) Status of Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(a) will apply in respect of all Senior Notes of the Federation issued hereunder. 
Senior Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Federation and rank 
pari passu and pro rata with all unsecured and unsubordinated deposits, borrowings and obligations of the 
Federation, whether now outstanding or hereafter incurred, except as may be provided by law and subject 
to the exercise of resolution powers of the Autorité des marchés financiers (Québec) (the "AMF") (the 
"Resolution Powers"), if applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the winding-up, 
insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the Federation in accordance with applicable law, the 
Senior Notes will rank equally in right of payment with all deposit liabilities and other unsecured and 
unsubordinated liabilities of the entities of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins (as defined in an Act respecting 
financial services cooperatives (Québec) (as amended from time to time, the "Cooperatives Act")) (the 
"Groupe coopératif Desjardins"), except as may be provided by law and subject to the exercise of the 
Resolution Powers, if applicable.  
(b) Status of NVCC Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(b) will apply in respect of all NVCC Subordinated Notes of the Federation issued 
hereunder.  
NVCC Subordinated Notes constitute direct unsecured debt obligations representing Subordinated 
Indebtedness and, in the event of the winding-up, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the 
Federation in accordance with applicable law, the NVCC Subordinated Notes shall rank: 
(i)  
subordinate in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all Indebtedness of the Federation 
then outstanding other than Subordinated Indebtedness (the "Higher Ranked Indebtedness"), 
whether now outstanding or hereafter incurred; 
(ii) 
in right of payment equally with and not prior to Subordinated Indebtedness (other than any 
Subordinated Indebtedness which by its terms ranks subordinate to the NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
of the Federation then outstanding, in each case, whether now outstanding or hereafter incurred; 
and 
(iii) 
senior to (A) any instrument of the Federation that constitutes Tier 1 Capital, and (B) any 
Subordinated Indebtedness which by its terms ranks subordinate to the NVCC Subordinated Notes, 
in each case, whether now outstanding or hereafter incurred.

--- Page 119 ---
-101- 
The Federation agrees and each Noteholder, by his, her or its acquisition of such NVCC Subordinated 
Notes, is deemed to irrevocably agree and shall be deemed conclusively to have agreed, for the benefit of 
the present and future holders of Higher Ranked Indebtedness that, upon the winding-up, insolvency, 
bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the Federation in accordance with applicable law, the Federation 
shall have no obligation to repay the NVCC Subordinated Notes or any interest due thereon until all Higher 
Ranked Indebtedness of the Federation have been reimbursed or paid, or the funds necessary to satisfy 
all Higher Ranked Indebtedness has been deposited for payment. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Negative Covenant is applicable, so long as any of the 
applicable NVCC Subordinated Notes remain outstanding, the Federation shall not create, issue or incur 
any Indebtedness subordinate in right of payment to the deposit liabilities of the Federation (including, in 
the event of a merger, amalgamation, combination or consolidation of the members of the Groupe 
coopératif Desjardins (by law or otherwise), the deposit liabilities of other entities forming part of the Groupe 
coopératif Desjardins) which, in the event of the winding-up, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Federation in accordance with applicable law, would rank in right of payment in priority to 
the NVCC Subordinated Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the subordination provisions of the NVCC 
Subordinated Notes will not be relevant as each outstanding NVCC Subordinated Note shall automatically 
and immediately be converted, on a full and permanent basis, without any action on the part of, or the 
consent of, the Noteholders (which, for the purposes of Condition 6, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the NVCC Subordinated Notes), into fully-paid and non-assessable Class Z Shares, in 
accordance with Condition 6 (an "Automatic Conversion"). 
The NVCC Subordinated Notes do not constitute deposits that are insured under the Deposit 
Institutions Act or the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"AMF" means the Autorité des marchés financiers (Québec), and any successor institution thereof.  
"AMF Guideline" means the AMF Guideline for Capital Adequacy Requirements (Ligne directrice sur 
les normes relatives à la suffisance du capital de base (Coopératives de services financiers)), effective 1 
January 2020, as such guideline (or any Section thereof) may be amended from time to time. 
"C$" means Canadian Dollars. 
"Class Z Shares" means the Class Z-Contingent Capital shares of the Federation having a par value 
of C$10. 
"Cooperatives Act" means the Act Respecting Financial Services Cooperatives (CQLR, chapter C-
67.3), and any statute hereafter enacted in substitution therefor, as such act, or substituted statute, may be 
amended from time to time. 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board.

--- Page 120 ---
-102- 
"Indebtedness" at any time means all deposit liabilities and other liabilities of the Federation (including, 
as the context requires, in the event of a merger, amalgamation, combination or consolidation of the 
members of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins (by law or otherwise), all deposit liabilities and other liabilities 
and obligations of entities forming part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins, namely the Federation, the 
Fonds de sécurité Desjardins and the Québec caisses which are members of the Federation) which in 
accordance with the accounting rules established for financial services cooperatives pursuant to the 
Cooperatives Act or with IFRS, as the case may be, would be included in determining the total liabilities of 
the Federation at such time, other than liabilities for paid-up capital, contributed surplus, retained earnings 
and general reserves of the Federation. 
"Non-Viability Trigger Event" means an "élément déclencheur" within the meaning set out in the AMF 
Guideline, Section 2.5.1, Principle 3, as such term may be amended or superseded by the AMF from time 
to time, which term currently provides that each of the following constitutes a triggering event: 
(i) 
the AMF publicly announces that the Federation has been advised, in writing, that the AMF is of 
the opinion that the Federation has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and that, after the 
conversion of the NVCC Subordinated Notes and other contingent instruments issued by the 
Federation, the viability of the Federation could be restored or maintained; or 
(ii) 
a federal or provincial government in Canada publicly announces that the Federation has accepted 
or agreed to accept a capital injection, or equivalent support, from the federal government or any 
provincial government or political subdivision or agent or agency thereof without which the 
Federation would have been determined by the AMF to be non-viable as a result of the Federation's 
risk-based capital ratios. 
For the purposes of (ii) above, the term "equivalent support" means support for a non-viable deposit-
taking institution that enhances the institution's risk-based capital ratios or its funding that is provided on 
terms other than normal terms and conditions. For greater certainty, and without limitation, "equivalent 
support" does not, for these purposes, include (i) emergency liquidity assistance provided by the Bank of 
Canada at or above the bank rate, (ii) open bank liquidity assistance provided by the AMF according to the 
Deposit Institutions Act (as defined below) at or above its cost of funds or (iii) support, including conditional, 
limited guarantees, provided by the AMF in accordance with the Deposit Institutions Act to facilitate a 
transaction, including an acquisition or amalgamation. 
"Subordinated Indebtedness" means Indebtedness of the Federation that by its terms provides that 
such Indebtedness will, in the event of the winding-up, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of 
the Federation in accordance with applicable law, be subordinate in right of payment to all deposit liabilities 
and other liabilities of the Federation (including, as the context requires, in the event of a merger, 
amalgamation, combination or consolidation of the members of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins (by law 
or otherwise), all deposit liabilities and other liabilities and obligations of other entities forming part of the 
Groupe coopératif Desjardins, namely the Federation, the Fonds de sécurité Desjardins and the Québec 
caisses which are members of the Federation) which in accordance with the accounting rules established 
for financial services cooperatives pursuant to the Cooperatives Act or with IFRS, as the case may be, 
would be included in determining the total liabilities of the Federation at such time, other than liabilities for 
paid-up capital, contributed surplus, retained earnings and general reserves of the Federation, except those 
that, by their terms, rank equally with or are subordinate to such Indebtedness.

--- Page 121 ---
-103- 
"Tier 1 Capital" means fonds propres de la catégorie 1 or fonds propres de base, within the meaning 
of such terms as set out in the AMF Guideline, Section 2.1.1. 
"Tier 2 Capital" means fonds propres de la catégorie 2 or fonds propres complémentaires, within the 
meaning of such terms as set out in the AMF Guideline, Section 2.1.1.3. 
"Total Capital" means fonds propres, within the meaning of such term as set out in the AMF Guideline, 
Chapter 2. 
(c) Status of Bail-inable Notes 
This Condition 3(c) will apply in respect of all Senior Notes issued by the Federation that are identified 
as "Bail-inable Notes" in the applicable Final Terms (the "Bail-inable Notes"). 
Pursuant to Section 40.50 of the Deposit Institutions and Deposit Protection Act (Québec) (as amended, 
from time to time, the "Deposit Institutions Act") and regulations promulgated thereunder (including, 
among others, the Regulation respecting the Classes of Negotiable and Transferable Unsecured Debts and 
the Issuance of such Debts and of Shares (Québec) (the "Prescribed Debt Regulations")), all Senior 
Notes issued on or after 31 March 2019 that are perpetual or have a term to maturity of more than 400 days 
(including explicit or embedded extension options) and that are assigned an international securities 
identification number (ISIN) or other similar designation for the purposes of trading and settlement, and that 
are not otherwise excluded under the Prescribed Debt Regulations (including structured notes (as such 
term is defined in the Prescribed Debt Regulations)), will be identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
By its acquisition of an interest in Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 3(c), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Bail-inable Notes) is deemed to represent, 
acknowledge and is deemed to agree that: 
(i) 
it is bound (A) by the Deposit Institutions Act, including the provisions dealing with the powers 
conferred on the AMF under the second paragraph of Section 40.50 of the Deposit Institutions Act 
and under the Prescribed Debt Regulations, and by their effect on the Bail-inable Notes, and (B) by 
the other laws and regulations applicable in Québec to the application of the Deposit Institutions Act 
and the Prescribed Debt Regulations to the Bail-inable Notes; 
(ii) 
it attorns to the jurisdiction of the courts of Québec and, where applicable, Canada with respect to 
the application of the Deposit Institutions Act, the Prescribed Debt Regulations and the other laws 
and regulations applicable in Québec with respect to the Bail-inable Notes;  
(iii) 
it has represented and warranted to the Issuer that the Issuer has not directly or indirectly provided 
financing to the Noteholder for the express purpose of investing in the Bail-inable Notes; and 
(iv) 
the items mentioned in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) are binding on it despite any terms of the Bail-inable 
Notes (including the provisions of these Conditions), any other law governing the Bail-inable Notes 
or any agreement, arrangement or understanding between the parties with respect to the Bail-inable 
Notes.

--- Page 122 ---
-104- 
Each Noteholder (or beneficial owner) of the Bail-inable Notes that acquires an interest in the Bail-
inable Notes in the secondary markets and any successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, 
trustees in bankruptcy and legal representatives of any such Noteholder (or beneficial owner) shall be 
deemed to acknowledge, accept and agree to be bound by, and consent to, the same provisions specified 
herein to the same extent as the Noteholders (or beneficial owners) that acquire an interest in the Bail-
inable Notes upon their initial issuance, including, without limitation, with respect to the acknowledgement 
and agreement to be bound by, and consent to, the terms of the Bail-inable Notes related to the Resolution 
Powers (including the Bail-in Powers). 
Noteholders (and beneficial owners) of Bail-inable Notes will have no further rights in respect of such 
Bail-inable Notes to the extent that such Bail-inable Notes are, in whole or in part, converted into contributed 
capital securities of the Federation, of a deposit-taking institution that is part of the Groupe coopératif 
Desjardins or of a legal person constituted or resulting from an amalgamation/continuance or other 
conversion ("Conversion Securities") carried out for the purposes of the resolution of the Federation (a 
"Bail-in Conversion") by the AMF pursuant to Section 40.50 of the Deposit Institutions Act and regulations 
promulgated thereunder (including, among others, the Prescribed Debt Regulations) (the "Bail-in 
Powers"), other than those rights provided under the recapitalization regime (including under the 
indemnification process) for Québec domestic systemically important financial institutions belonging to a 
cooperative group (the "Bail-in Regime"); and by its acquisition of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes, each 
Noteholder or beneficial owner of a Bail-inable Note is deemed to irrevocably consent to the conversion 
pursuant to a Bail-in Conversion of the converted portion of the principal amount of such Bail-inable Note 
(and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon), with the converted portion of the principal amount of such 
Bail-inable Note (and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon) being deemed paid in full by the issuance 
of Conversion Securities upon the occurrence of a Bail-in Conversion, which Bail-in Conversion shall occur 
without any further action on the part of that Noteholder (or beneficial owner or any Agent); provided that, 
for the avoidance of doubt, this consent shall not limit or otherwise affect any rights of that Noteholder or 
beneficial owner provided for under the Bail-in Regime. 
By its acquisition of an interest in a Bail-inable Note, each Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest 
in such Bail-inable Note is deemed to have authorised, directed and requested Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any direct participant in such clearing system or other intermediary through which it holds 
such Bail-inable Note to take any and all necessary action, if required, to implement the Bail-in Conversion 
or any other action pursuant to the Resolution Powers (including the Bail-in Powers) with respect to any 
Bail-inable Note, as may be imposed on it, without any further action or direction on the part of that 
Noteholder (or beneficial owner or any Agent), except as may be required in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the intermediary, as 
applicable. 
(d) Waiver of set-off and netting rights in relation to Bail-inable Notes 
No Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes may exercise, or direct the 
exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, netting, compensation or retention in respect of any amount 
owed to it by the Federation arising under, or in connection with, the Bail-inable Notes and each Noteholder 
or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes shall, by virtue of its acquisition of any Bail-inable 
Note (or an interest therein), be deemed to have irrevocably and unconditionally waived all such rights of 
set-off, netting, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amounts due and payable 
to any Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes by the Federation in respect of,

--- Page 123 ---
-105- 
or arising under, the Bail-inable Notes are purportedly discharged by set-off, netting, compensation or 
retention, without limitation to any other rights and remedies of the Federation under applicable law, such 
Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest shall be deemed to receive an amount equal to the amount of 
such discharge and, until such time as payment of such amount is made, shall hold such amount in trust 
for the Federation and, accordingly, any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place and such 
set off, netting, compensation or retention shall be ineffective. 
(e) Status of all Notes  
At the date hereof, all liabilities for borrowed money of the Federation are unsecured. 
The Notes are not insured by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, under the Deposit 
Institutions Act or the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act or by any governmental agency and are 
not guaranteed by any member of Desjardins Group or any other affiliate of the Federation (as described 
in the Base Prospectus referred to in the applicable Final Terms). 
4. Interest 
(a) Fixed Rate Note and Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions 
This Condition 4(a) applies to Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes only. The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and fixed rate reset interest and must 
be read in conjunction with this Condition 4(a) (and, in the case of the Day Count Fractions applicable to Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes, Condition 4(b)) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Reset Periods, Reset Dates and 
Reset Rate(s) (if applicable), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount (if applicable), any applicable Broken 
Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction, any applicable Determination Date and any Calculation 
Agent. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date so specified if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The first payment of interest will be 
made on the Interest Payment Date next following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the first 
anniversary of the Interest Commencement Date is not an Interest Payment Date, will amount to the initial 
Broken Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest from and including the preceding Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be) to but excluding the Maturity Date will amount to the final Broken Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest will be paid, in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, subject to and in accordance with the provisions 
of Condition 8. 
If the Fixed Rate Notes are in definitive form, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on and including such date will, where an applicable 
Fixed Coupon Amount and, if applicable, Broken Amount are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
amount to such Fixed Coupon Amount and, if applicable, Broken Amount.

--- Page 124 ---
-106- 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount and, if 
applicable, Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
1. in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
2. in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In the case of Notes for which Adjusted Fixed Interest Periods is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms:  
 
(A)  
where (x) there is not a numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then such Interest Payment Date shall be adjusted, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, for payment and interest accrual purposes in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention (as defined in Condition 4(b)(i)) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, where "Business Day" shall be as defined in Condition 4(b)(i); and 
 
(B)   the Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest per Calculation Amount for each Fixed 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer as soon as 
possible after determination. The Issuer will cause any such amount to be notified by the 
relevant Fiscal Agent (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are listed on the Official List of the 
Central Bank of Ireland and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin) to 
Euronext Dublin and, if applicable to any other stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the relevant Fixed Rate Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading, and to 
be given in accordance with Condition 17 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each amount of interest per 
Calculation Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the relevant Fixed Interest Period. For these purposes, the 
expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date at 
the Initial Rate of Interest;

--- Page 125 ---
-107- 
(ii) 
in the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, subject as provided in this Condition 4(a), in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount 
of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with this Condition 4(a) provided that, where specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, a Day Count Fraction outlined in Condition 4(b)(iii) may apply to a Fixed Rate 
Reset Note. 
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes shall apply to Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Anniversary Date(s)" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Benchmark Gilt" means, in respect of a Reset Period, such United Kingdom government security 
having a maturity date on or about the last day of such Reset Period as the Calculation Agent, with the 
advice of the Reset Reference Banks, may determine to be appropriate; 
"Benchmark Gilt Rate" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the gross redemption yield (as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent, after consultation with the Federation, in accordance with generally accepted 
market practice at such time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and 
rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) of the Benchmark Gilt in respect of that Reset Period, 
with the price of the Benchmark Gilt for this purpose being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered prices of 
such Benchmark Gilt quoted by the Reset Reference Banks at 3:00 p.m. (London time) on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following dealing day in London. If 
at least four quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and 
the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are 
provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only 
one quotation is provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations 
are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be  (i) in the case of each Reset Period other than the First 
Reset Period, the Benchmark Gilt Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the 
case of the First Reset Period, an amount as set out in the applicable Final Terms as the "First Reset 
Period Fallback"; 
"Calculation Agent" shall mean, for the purposes of the definitions in relation to Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes (including without limitation any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest), the Issuer or, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, a financial institution of international repute appointed by the Federation at its 
own expense for these purposes and in no event shall be the Fiscal Agent or any of its affiliates.  
"CMT Designated Maturity" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 126 ---
-108- 
"CMT Rate" or "U.S Treasury Rate" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, 
the rate per annum determined by the Calculation Agent, and expressed as a percentage, equal to: 
 
(i) 
the average of the yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury Securities adjusted to "constant 
maturity" for the CMT Designated Maturity for the five business days immediately prior to such Reset 
Determination Date, and appearing under the caption "Treasury constant maturities" at the CMT 
Reset Determination Time on such Reset Determination Date in the applicable most recently 
published statistical release designated “H.15 Daily Update", or any successor publication that is 
published by the Board of Govenors of the Federal Reserve System on which established yields on 
actively traded U.S. Treasury Securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption "Treasury 
Constant Maturities" at the CMT Designated Maturity are displayed; or 
(ii) 
if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week immediately prior 
to such Reset Determination Date or does not contain such yields, the rate per annum equal to the 
semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, calculated using a price 
for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Comparable Treasury Price for the Reset Date; or 
(iii) 
if the CMT Rate cannot be determined, for whatever reason, as described under (i) or (ii) 
above, "U.S. Treasury Rate" means the rate in percentage per annum as notified by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer equal to the yield on U.S. Treasury Securities having the CMT Designated 
Maturity as set forth in the most recently published statistical release designated “H.15 Daily Update” 
under the caption "Treasury constant maturities” (or any successor publication that is published 
weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and that establishes yields on 
actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption “Treasury 
constant maturities” for the CMT Designated Maturity) on such Reset Determination Date; 
"CMT Reset Determination Time" mean, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, 5:00 
p.m. (New York City time); 
"Comparable Treasury Issue" means, with respect to the Fixed Interest Period from the Reset Date to 
the next Interest Payment Date, the U.S. Treasury security or securities selected by the Issuer with a 
maturity date on or about the last day of such Fixed Interest Period and that would be utilized, at the time 
of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities denominated in U.S. dollars and having a remaining maturity of the number of years specified in 
the definition of the CMT Rate; 
"Comparable Treasury Price" means, with respect to the Reset Date, (i) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Reset Date (calculated on the Reset Determination 
Date), after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer 
than five such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations, or (iii) if fewer than two such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations are received, then such 
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation as quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by a Reset Reference 
Bank;

--- Page 127 ---
-109- 
"Day Count Fraction" means in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(a) for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (which may be for a Fixed Interest Period or, if applicable, the period from (and including) the most 
recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date) (the "Calculation Period"): 
(A) if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Fixed Rate 
Notes or any Fixed Rate Reset Notes: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the 
number of days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year;  
(B) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days) divided 
by 360;  
(C) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Fixed Rate 
Notes, the actual number of days in the period from and including the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant 
payment date divided by 360; and 
(D) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Fixed 
Rate Notes, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
"dealing day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which the London Stock Exchange 
(or such other stock exchange on which the Benchmark Gilt is at the relevant time listed) is ordinarily open 
for the trading of securities; 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
it means the Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 128 ---
-110- 
"Determination Period" means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date);  
"First Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from and including the First Reset Date up to but excluding the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the date 
fixed for redemption of the Notes (if any), which may be the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset Period as the sum of the relevant 
Reset Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
"Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; 
"H.15" means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, published 
by the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 
or at or on any other page, section, successor site or publication;  
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest per annum specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Margin" means the margin (expressed as a percentage) in relation to the relevant Reset Period 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Quotations" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed 
leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
for the Mid-Swap Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
 "Mid–Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) the 6 month EURIBOR rate if the Specified Currency is euro, (ii) the overnight  SONIA rate 
compounded for 6 months if the Specified Currency is sterling, (iii)  the overnight SOFR rate compounded 
for 12 months if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars or (iv) any other reference rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 129 ---
-111- 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means in respect of a Reset Period and a Reset Determination Date, (i) the 
applicable semi-annual or annualised (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) mid-swap rate for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency (with a maturity equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) as displayed on the Screen Page at 11:00 a.m. or any other 
Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the relevant Reset Determination Date (which rate, if the relevant Interest Payment Dates are 
other than semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, shall be adjusted by and in the manner 
determined by, the Calculation Agent, after consultation with the Federation) or (ii) if such rate is not 
displayed on the Screen Page at such time and date (other than in the circumstances provided for in 
Condition 4(h)), the relevant Reset Reference Bank Rate;  
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the 
government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the 
Federation as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that 
(in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, after consultation with the Federation) would be utilised, at the time 
of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reference Bond Dealer" means each of five banks that are primary government securities dealers or 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issuances, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion 
after consultation with the Federation; 
"Reference Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Bond Dealer and the 
Reset Determination Date, in the case of a Reference Bond, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) as at approximately 11:00 a.m. (or any other Relevant Time as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset 
Determination Date and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to a Reset Determination Date that does not relate to 
the CMT Rate, (a) the arithmetic mean of the Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for that Reset 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) 
if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
mean of all such quotations, or (c) if the Calculation Agent obtains only one Reference Bond Dealer 
Quotation or if the Calculation Agent obtains no Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be that which was determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in 
the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be an amount as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms as the "First Reset Period Fallback"; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for 
such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price;

--- Page 130 ---
-112- 
"Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations" means with respect to each Reset Reference Bank and the 
Reset Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices 
for the applicable Comparable Treasury Issue, expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount, at 11:00 a.m. (New York City time), on the Reset Determination Date;  
"Reset Date" means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each of the Anniversary 
Dates (if any) as is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is Sterling, the first 
Business Day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified Currency is euro, the day falling two TARGET2 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period, (iii) if the Specified Currency is US dollars, the 
day falling two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period and, 
(iv) for any other Specified Currency, the day falling two Business Days in the principal financial centre for 
such Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Rate" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date (a) if 'Mid-Swap Rate' is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Mid-Swap Rate; (b) if 'Benchmark Gilt Rate' is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Benchmark Gilt Rate; (c) if "CMT Rate" is specified in the applicable 
Final Term, the relevant CMT Rate; or (d) if 'Reference Bond Rate' is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Reference Bond Rate;  
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means the percentage rate determined on the basis of the Mid-Swap 
Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at or around 11:00 a.m. (or 
any other Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms) in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on the relevant Reset Determination Date and, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards). If at least four quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate 
will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be determined by (i) in the case of each Reset Period other than the First Reset 
Period, the Mid-Swap Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the 
First Reset Period, an amount as set out in the applicable Final Terms as the "First Reset Period 
Fallback"; 
"Reset Reference Banks" means (i) in the case of the calculation of a Reset Reference Bank Rate, 
five leading swap dealers in the principal interbank market relating to the Specified Currency selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Federation (ii) in the case of a Benchmark 
Gilt Rate, five brokers of gilts and/or gilt-edged market makers selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion after consultation with the Federation; or (iii) in the case of a CMT Rate, each of up to five banks 
(which may include the dealers or their affiliates), which are (a) primary U.S Treasury securities dealers or 
their respective successors or (b) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. 
dollars selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Federation;

--- Page 131 ---
-113- 
"Screen Page" means Reuters screen page "ICESWAP1", "ICESWAP2", "ICESWAP3", "ICESWAP4", 
"ICESWAP5" or "ICESWAP6" as specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other page on Thomson 
Reuters or any other information service as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other screen 
page as may replace it on Thomson Reuters or any other information service or, as the case may be, on 
such other information service that may replace Thomson Reuters or any other information service, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying comparable rates; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Specified Time” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from and including the Second Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Reset Date, and each successive period from and including a Reset Date to but 
excluding the next succeeding Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to such 
Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
"sub-unit" means with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent.; 
"Swap Rate Period" means the period or periods specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; and 
"U.S. Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations of the U.S. Treasury, issued 
other than on a discount rate basis. 
(b) Floating Rate Note Provisions  
This Condition 4(b) applies to Floating Rate Notes only, save in relation to the Day Count Fractions specified 
in Condition 4(b)(iii) or to any relevant Interest Period(s) for a Note with a Change of Interest Basis . The applicable 
Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 4(b) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes, where applicable, the Day Count Fraction applicable to a Note or any relevant Interest Period(s) for a  
Note (other than a Floating Rate Note) with a Change of Interest Basis . In particular, the applicable Final Terms 
will identify, as applicable, any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date, the applicable Business Day definition, the Business Day Convention, any Additional 
Business Centers, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, 
the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Fiscal Agent, the Margin, any maximum or 
minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of

--- Page 132 ---
-114- 
interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and 
Reset Date. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will 
also specify, among other items, the applicable Reference Rate, Relevant Financial Centre, Interest Determination 
Date(s), Reference Banks and Relevant Screen Page. 
(i) Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate equal to the Rate of Interest and such interest will be payable in 
arrear on either: 
(A) the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an "Interest Payment Date") in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest shall be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(1) in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date 
shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 133 ---
-115- 
(5) No Adjustment, such Interest Payment Date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention, 
provided that if ISDA Determination, "2021 ISDA Definitions" and "Unscheduled Holiday" are 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then in the case where Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, Modified Business Day Convention, Preceding Business Day Convention, 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention apply to a particular date 
and that date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions but disregarding references to 
Valuation Business Day and Exercise Business Day and construing references to the 
Confirmation to mean the applicable Final Terms) notwithstanding the provisions of (2) to (4) 
above, such day will instead fall on the first following day that is a Business Day. 
In this Condition 4, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Additional 
Business Centre (other than TARGET2) specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
if TARGET2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre, a TARGET2 Business 
Day (as defined below); and   
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any 
Additional Business Centre) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (or any successor thereto) ("TARGET2") is open (a 
"TARGET2 Business Day").   
(ii) Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
one of the manners set out below and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus the Margin (if any, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). For the 
purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating:

--- Page 134 ---
-116- 
(1) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, 
as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (including any successor thereto, 
"ISDA"); or 
(2) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (as defined therein)) 
(and any successor thereto), as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes, 
(the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a 
period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either: 
(i)  
if the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on EURIBOR, the first day of 
the Interest Period; or  
(ii)  
in any other case, the day as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(D)  
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding 
Method is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms, the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method will be one of the following, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
 
(i) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
 
(ii) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
 
(iii) 
Compounding with Lockout; 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and Averaging  is 
specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms, the Overnight Averaging Method 
wil be  one of the following, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
Averaging with Lookback; 
(ii) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift; or 
(iii) 
Averaging with Lockout; 
(F) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the Index 
Method will be Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 135 ---
-117- 
(G) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, (i) any fallbacks that would otherwise be 
required to be determined in accordance with Section 8.6 (Generic Fallback 
Provisions) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall not be so determined, but shall 
instead be determined in accordance with Condition 4(h) and (ii) if 
Administrator/Benchmark Event is specified in the Floating Rate Matrix in respect 
of the relevant Floating Rate Option, Condition 4(h) shall apply in place of the 
provisions relating to Administrator/Benchmark Event and the Administrator/ 
Benchmark Fallback in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, and the ISDA Definitions shall 
be construed accordingly; 
(H) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Period End Date/ Termination Date adjustment 
for Unscheduled Holiday (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will apply if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable; 
(I) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Non-Representative (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) will apply if specified in the relevant Final Terms to be applicable; 
and 
(J) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Successor Benchmark and Successor 
Benchmark Effective Date (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject to (G) above, the ISDA Definitions contain provisions for determining the applicable Floating 
Rate (as defined below) (including Supplement 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions and Section 9 of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions (Bespoke Triggers and Fallbacks)) in the event that the specified Floating Date is not 
available and such provisions shall apply to Floating Rate Notes as if incorporated in these Conditions. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Floating Rate Matrix ", "Designated Maturity" ,"Reset Date", "Overnight Floating Rate 
Option", "Overnight Rate Compounding Method", "Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift", "Compounding with Lockout", "Averaging with Lookback", 
"Averaging with Observation Period Shift", "Averaging with Lockout", "Generic Fallback Provisions", 
"Compounded Index Floating Rate Option", "Index Method" and "Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift"  have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable ISDA Definitions, 
provided that for these purposes, the Calculation Agent shall, in no event, be the Fiscal Agent or any of its 
affiliates.  
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Calculation Agent 
will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 4(b)(iii) in respect of the determination 
of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the 
manner provided in this sub-paragraph (A).

--- Page 136 ---
-118- 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination by Calculation Agent for Floating Rate Notes 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the rate (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/16 per cent.) 
of the offered rates, 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date (as defined herein) in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
If, in the case of (B)(1) above, no such rate appears or, in the case of (B)(2) above, fewer 
than two of such offered rates appear at such time or if the offered rate or rates which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, as at such time do not apply to a period of a 
duration equal to the relevant Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall, subject as provided below, be the arithmetic mean (rounded upwards, if necessary, 
to the nearest 1/16 per cent.) of the rates at which the Calculation Agent is advised by the 
principal Relevant Financial Centre office of all Reference Banks that deposits in the 
Specified Currency of a duration equal to such Interest Period are offered in the Relevant 
Financial Centre interbank market to leading banks by the Reference Banks as at 11:00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
(D) 
If on any Interest Determination Date to which sub-paragraph (C) above applies two or 
three only of the Reference Banks advise the Calculation Agent of such rates, the Rate of 
Interest for the next Interest Period shall, subject as provided below, be determined as in 
sub-paragraph (C) above on the basis of the rates of those Reference Banks advising such 
rates. 
(E) 
If on any Interest Determination Date to which sub-paragraph (C) above applies one only 
or none of the Reference Banks advises the Calculation Agent of such rates, the Rate of 
Interest for the next Interest Period shall, subject as provided below, be whichever is the 
higher of: 
(1) 
the Rate of Interest in effect for the last preceding Interest Period to which sub-
paragraphs (B), (C) and (D) above shall have applied (minus or plus (as 
appropriate), where a different Margin is to be applied to the next Interest Period 
to that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period, plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin for 
the next Interest Period); and

--- Page 137 ---
-119- 
(2) 
the reserve interest rate (the "Reserve Interest Rate") which shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines to be either (x) the arithmetic mean 
(rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/16 per cent.) of the lending rates 
for the Specified Currency which banks selected by the Issuer in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the country of the Specified Currency (other than euro, in which 
event, the Principal Financial Centre shall be of those member states that are 
participating in European economic and monetary union whose lawful currency is 
euro) are quoting on the relevant Interest Determination Date for the next Interest 
Period to the Reference Banks or those of them (being at least two in number) to 
which such quotations are, in the opinion of the Issuer, being so made plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), or (y) in the event that the Calculation 
Agent can determine no such arithmetic mean, the lowest lending rate for the 
Specified Currency which banks selected by the Issuer in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the country of the Specified Currency (other than euro, in which event, 
the Principal Financial Centre shall be of those member states that are 
participating in European economic and monetary union whose lawful currency is 
euro) are quoting on such Interest Determination Date to leading European banks 
for the next Interest Period plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that if the banks selected as aforesaid by the Issuer are not quoting as 
mentioned above, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest specified in (1) 
above.  
(F) 
(1) If the relevant Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", then Conditions 4(b)(ii)(B) – (E) shall not apply to the Notes 
and, subject to Condition 4(h), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period (as defined 
below) shall, as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin.  
 
 
In this Condition: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards: 
 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
d
365
 
 
 
n 
 
 SONIA
Relevant
i
i
















1
365
1
o
d
1
i

--- Page 138 ---
-120- 
(a) where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"dO" is the number of London Banking Days in: 
(a) where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to dO, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in:  
(a) where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London, United Kingdom; 
"ni", for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) the earlier of (i) the following 
London Banking Day and (ii) the last day in the relevant Interest Period or, in respect of 
the final Interest Period, the  Maturity Date; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms and in no 
case shall be less than five London Business Days; 
"p" is the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Observation Period" means the period from and including the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, (a) the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period or (b) such date (if any) on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition and the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded 
from the Interest Period); and   
"Relevant SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i":

--- Page 139 ---
-121- 
(a) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
SONIAi-pLBD; or 
(b) where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
SONIAiLBD;  
"SONIA reference rate", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day;  
"SONIAiLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for such London Banking Day "i"; and  
 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i" 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA 
Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, unless 
the Calculation Agent has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and 
any related Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments), be the sum of: (a) (i) the Bank 
of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5:00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of 
business) on the relevant London Banking Day; and (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on 
which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to 
the Bank Rate, or (b) if the Bank Rate is not available on the relevant London Banking Day, 
the most recent SONIA Reference Rate in respect of a London Banking Day. 
 
Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (2) above, and subject to Condition 4(d), in the event the 
Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Reference Rate is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Reference Rate, the Calculation 
Agent shall, to the extent that is reasonably practicable and as set forth in a direction from 
the Issuer in writing, follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA Reference Rate 
for any London Banking Day "i", for the purposes of the Notes and for so long as the SONIA 
Reference Rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
 
(2) Subject to Condition 4(h), where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "SONIA" and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "Compounded Index Rate", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be Compounded Daily SONIA for the Interest Period determined by reference to the 
screen rate or index for Compounded Daily SONIA administered by the administrator of

--- Page 140 ---
-122- 
the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other 
information service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant Index 
Determination Dates specified below as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"SONIA Compounded Index") and in accordance with the following formula, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
per cent. being rounded upwards, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin, if any, all determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate means: 
 
 
 
 
where: 
"x" denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
"y" denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such other date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls to be due (but which by definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
A day on which the SONIA Compounded Index is determined pursuant to  clause "x" or "y" 
above is referred to as an "Index Determination Date"; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which x is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which y is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, two London Banking Days). 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate or other information service at the relevant time on any relevant Index 
Determination Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Compounded Daily 
SONIA rate for the applicable Interest Period for which SONIA Compounded Index is not 
available shall be "Compounded Daily SONIA" determined in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(ii)(F)(1) above as if it had been specified in the applicable Final Terms in place of 
Compounded Index Rate. For these purposes, the "Calculation Method" shall be deemed 
to be "Compounded Daily SONIA", the "Relevant Number" specified in the applicable Final 
Terms shall be deemed to be the "Observation Lookback Period" and "Observation

--- Page 141 ---
-123- 
Method" shall be deemed to be "Shift" as if Compounded Index Rate is not specified as 
being applicable and these alternative elections had been made. 
(3)  
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 12, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Period up to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of 
Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon as provided in Condition 4(d). 
(G)   
(1) Subject to Conditions 4(h) or 4(i), where the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR” and the Calculation Method is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Observation Shift", the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest  Period (as defined below) shall, as provided below, be Compounded 
SOFR, as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
 
"Compounded SOFR" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with the following formula and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
 
where:  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Shift Period; 
"do" for any Observation Shift Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Shift Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Shift Period; and 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation Shift 
Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i+1". 
"Observation Shift Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first 
date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period.

--- Page 142 ---
-124- 
"p", for any Observation Shift Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SOFRi, " for any U.S. Government Securities Business day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Shift Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i". 
"Secured Overnight Financing Rate" or " SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website 
at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or  
(2)  
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, unless both a Benchmark 
Transition Event (as defined in Condition 4(i)) and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (as defined in Condition 4(i)) have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; or 
(3)  
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, then SOFR shall be determined to be the rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 4(i). 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate). 
"SOFR Administrator’s Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source. 
 
(2) Subject to Conditions 4(h) or 4(i), where the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR" and the Calculation Method is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR Index”, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) shall, as provided below, be Compounded SOFR, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin 
 
"Compounded SOFR" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with the following formula and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards:  
 
where:

--- Page 143 ---
-125- 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest 
Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from, and including, the SOFR IndexStart to, but 
excluding, the SOFR IndexEnd ; 
"SOFR Index" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR Index Determination 
Time”); provided that:  
(b) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the SOFR 
Determination Time, unless both a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in 
Condition 4(i)) and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined in 
Condition 4(i)) have occurred, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined 
pursuant to the “SOFR Index Unavailable” provisions (defined below). 
(c) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred in respect of SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined 
pursuant to Condition 4(i)). 
For the definition of "SOFR Index”, "SOFR" means the daily secured overnight financing 
rate provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s website. 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12, 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
become due and payable, and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as such 
Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of the SOFR Index Convention, the following expressions have the 
following meaning: 
"SOFR Index Unavailable" means if  a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published  
on the associated Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to SOFR, 
"Compounded SOFR" means,  for the applicable Interest Period for which such index is not 
available, the rate of return on a daily compounded interest investment calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
formula for SOFR Averages, and the definitions required for such formula, published on 
the SOFR Administrator’s Website at https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-
reference-rates-information.  For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR

--- Page 144 ---
-126- 
Averages compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation period” shall be 
replaced with "SOFR Index Observation Period",  as defined in this Condition and the words 
"that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days" shall be removed. If SOFRi does not so appear for 
any day "i" in the SOFR Index Observation Period, SOFRi shall be SOFR published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for with SOFR was 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website. 
"SOFR Index Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other period as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
"p", for any SOFR Index Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if the Issuer or its designee determines:  
(a) 
to the extent Condition 4(i) is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, a 
Benchmark Event has occurred; or  
(b) 
to the extent Condition 4(i) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, on or prior 
to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to determining 
Compounded Daily SOFR rate,  
 then the Benchmark Discontinuation Provisions set forth in Condition 4(h) or the 
Benchmark Replacement Provisions set forth in Condition 4(i), as applicable, will thereafter 
apply to all determinations of the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes. 
(H) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall in no event be less than such 
minimum, and if a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall in no event 
exceed such maximum. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.   
(I) 
In this Condition: 
"Calculation Agent" means the relevant Fiscal Agent or such other entity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and

--- Page 145 ---
-127- 
the Interest Amount(s) or such other amounts as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes and ISDA Determination under Condition 
4(b)(ii)(A), the Calculation Agent shall not, in either case, be the Fiscal Agent or any of its affiliates.  
 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate. 
"Eurozone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European economic and 
monetary union that adopt the euro as the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"Interest Period" means (i) each successive period beginning on and including an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, provided 
always that the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date and the final Interest Period shall end on but exclude the Maturity Date and (ii) such other 
period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated being the period from (and including) 
the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due (which, in the case of early redemption of any Notes, shall be the date for redemption, and in 
other cases where the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12, 
shall be the date on which such Notes become due and payable). 
 
"Principal Financial Centre" means: 
 
(i) 
in relation to any currency other than euro: 
(a) 
the place specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no place is specified in the applicable Final Terms as aforesaid, the principal 
financial centre for that currency or, if there is more than one principal financial 
centre for that currency, one of the principal financial centres selected by the 
Issuer; and 
(ii) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre or centres of such Member State 
or Member States as is selected by the Issuer.  
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate. 
 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR Compounded Rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any other reference rate as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of providing 
a Reference Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on 
that information service or on such other information services, in each case as may be nominated

--- Page 146 ---
-128- 
by the person or organization providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of deploying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
 
"Specified Time" means the time as of which the rate to be determined as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (which, in the case of EURIBOR, means Central European time) or, if none 
is specified, at which it is customary to determine sure rate. 
(iii) Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the Specified Time on each "Interest 
Determination Date", determine the Rate of Interest (subject to any Minimum or Maximum Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will calculate 
the amount of interest (each an "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
 
and, in each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Notes shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
The determination of the Rate of Interest and calculation of each Interest Amount by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
Condition 4(b) for any Calculation Period: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (2) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case the last day of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 147 ---
-129- 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)]+ (D2 - D1) 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
 
360 
 
where: 
 
 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F)  
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
 
360 
where: 
 
 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 148 ---
-130- 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(G)  
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
 
360 
where: 
 
 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
(iv) Linear Interpolation 
 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as being applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), 
one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as are designated by the Issuer in writing to the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 149 ---
-131- 
(v) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Issuer will cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified by the relevant Fiscal Agent (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes which are listed on the Official List of the Central Bank of Ireland and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin) to Euronext Dublin and, if applicable, to any other stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading, and to be given in accordance with the provisions of Condition 17 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter (and no later than the 
second London Banking Day thereafter in the case of Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms 
specify the Reference Rate as being SONIA or SOFR Compounded Rate). Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified by the relevant Fiscal Agent to each stock exchange on 
which this Note, if it is a Floating Rate Note, is for the time being listed. For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (v), the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
(vi) Reference Banks 
If the Reference Banks are specified in the applicable Final Terms and unless otherwise stated in these 
Terms and Conditions, the initial Reference Banks (four or more) will be the principal Eurozone offices in 
the case of EURIBOR of such specified bank. The Federation will procure that, so long as any Floating 
Rate Note remains outstanding, in the case of any bank being unable or unwilling to continue to act as a 
Reference Bank, the Federation shall appoint the London office of some other leading bank engaged in the 
Eurodollar market to act as such in its place. 
(c) Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when 
due, the amount due and repayable shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as determined in 
accordance with Condition 5(e)(iii)(B). As from the Maturity Date, any overdue principal of such Note shall 
bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Accrual Yield set forth in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) Accrual of Interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder of such Note; 
and (ii) the day on which the relevant Fiscal Agent has notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with 
Condition 17 or individually) of receipt of all sums due in respect thereof up to that date. Such interest will 
accrue at a rate per annum equal to (A) the Fixed Rate, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes; (B) the Amortisation 
Yield, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes; or (C) the Rate of Interest in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 150 ---
-132- 
(e) Interest Act (Canada) Disclosure 
For the purposes of disclosure pursuant to the Interest Act (Canada), where in any Note a rate of 
interest is to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days (or any period that is less than a calendar 
year), the yearly rate of interest to which the 360 day (or such other applicable period that is less than a 
calendar year) rate is equivalent is such rate multiplied by the number of days in the year for which such 
calculation is made and divided by 360 (or such other period that is less than a calendar year, as the case 
may be). 
The Issuer confirms that it fully understands and is able to calculate the rate of interest applicable to 
the Notes based on the methodology for calculating per annum rates provided for in the paragraph above 
if applicable. The Issuer hereby irrevocably agrees not to plead or assert, whether by way of defence or 
otherwise, in any proceeding relating to the Notes or any transaction document, that the interest payable 
under the Notes and the calculation thereof has not been adequately disclosed to the Issuer, whether 
pursuant to Section 4 of the Interest Act (Canada) or any other applicable law or legal principle. 
 
(f) 
Coupon Switch Option Provisions 
(i) Application: This Condition 4(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Coupon Switch Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and each such Note shall bear interest on the following basis. 
(ii) The Final Terms shall specify whether the Fixed Rate Note Provisions or, as the case may be, the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable to the Notes from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the Coupon Switch Option Date. The Final Terms shall also specify whether the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions or, as the case may be, the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable upon the exercise by 
the Issuer of the Coupon Switch Option, from and including such Coupon Switch Option Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date. Upon the Issuer giving the requisite notice (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 4(f) only, shall be five Business Days prior to the Coupon Switch Option Date or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the Final Terms) to exercise its Coupon Switch Option, from (and including) 
the Coupon Switch Option Date, interest shall accrue on the basis set out in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying following the Coupon Switch Date. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(f), "Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign currency deposits) in the Principal Financial Centre (as 
defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)) and any Additional Business Centres (other than TARGET2) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and if TARGET2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre, a TARGET2 
Business Day.  
(g) 
Exempt Notes 
The rate or amount of interest in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
provided that where such Exempt Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes, the provisions of Condition 4(b) 
and other related provisions of Condition 4 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes were references to Index Linked 
Interest Notes.

--- Page 151 ---
-133- 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Exempt Note and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(h) Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 4(h) applies to all Notes with an Original Reference Rate used to calculate a Rate 
of Interest or a component thereof other than where the Original Reference Rate specified in the Final 
Terms is SOFR Compounded Rate and Condition 4(i) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms.  
For greater certainty, this Condition 4(h) also applies to Condition 4(b)(ii)(A) to the extent that the 
ISDA Definitions do not provide for a successor rate or any successor rate also requires Benchmark 
Amendments or, in the case where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, where Section 8.6 (Generic Fallback 
Provisions) of the ISDA Definitions would otherwise apply. 
(i) Independent Adviser 
 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 4(h)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any 
(in accordance with Condition 4(h)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 4(h)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(h) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice 
given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant 
to this Condition 4(h). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A)  there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 4(h)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 4(h)); or 
(B)  there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(h)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of

--- Page 152 ---
-134- 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(h)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) is determined in accordance with this Condition 
4(h) and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that amendments 
to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") 
and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(h)(v), vary these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice. 
No consent of Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection with 
effecting the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as may be applicable), any 
Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments, or varying these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such changes pursuant to this Condition 
4(h), including the execution of any documents thereto or the taking of any steps by the 
Issuer or any parties to any relevant documents (if required). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(h)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 4(h) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as may be applicable), the Adjustment Spread and/or the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.

--- Page 153 ---
-135- 
No later than one Business Day following the date of notifying the Fiscal Agent of the 
same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer: 
(A)  confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(h); and 
(B) certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall make available such certificate at its offices for inspection by the 
Noteholders, upon reasonable request, at all reasonable times during normal business 
hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and 
the Noteholders. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for choosing any substitute for 
any Original Reference Rate, or for making any adjustments to any Substitute Rate or 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread thereon, the Business Day Convention, Interest 
Determination Dates, Reset Determination Date or any other relevant methodology for 
calculating any such Substitute Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread, or for 
determining whether any Benchmark Event has occurred, even in circumstances where 
the Issuer has not made such determinations.  In connection with the foregoing, the 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by 
the Issuer or any Independent Adviser in compliance with this Condition 4(h) and will 
have no liability in connection with the foregoing or for such actions taken at the direction 
of the Issuer.  At no time shall the Calculation Agent have any responsibility in 
connection therewith.   
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4(h) (i), (ii), (iii) and 
(iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 
4(a) or 4(b)(ii) will continue to apply until a Benchmark Event has occurred and the Fiscal 
Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be), and in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) and Benchmark 
Amendments, in accordance with Condition 4(h)(v). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest

--- Page 154 ---
-136- 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) is determined pursuant to this Condition 
4(h), the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Conditions 4(a) or 4(b)(ii) will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Rate of Interest (or component part(s) thereof) on such Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing paragraph shall apply to the determination of 
the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as the case may be, only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent 
Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as the case may be is subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(h). 
(vii) 
Definitions: 
 
As used in this Condition 4(h): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and:  
(A) in the case of a Successor Rate, is the spread, formula or methodology which is 
formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or   
(B) 
if no such formal recommendation has been made in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body and, in all cases, in the case 
of an Alternative Rate, is the spread, formula or methodology which the Issuer determines, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate of the 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(C)  
if the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, that no such spread is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions under (B) above, is the spread, formula or methodology 
which the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or

--- Page 155 ---
-137- 
(D)  
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate under 
(C) above, is the spread, formula or methodology which the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 4(h)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(h)(iv).  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days (as 
defined in Condition 4(b)(i)) or ceasing to exist or be published; or 
(B) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(C)  
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally or in respect of 
the Notes; or  
(E) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(F)  
it has become unlawful for the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, any Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended from time to time), if 
applicable); 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of paragraphs (B) and (C) 
above, on the date of the cessation of the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of (D) above, on the date of prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of paragraph (E) above, on the date with effect from which the 
Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the public statement, and, in each 
case, not the date of the relevant public statement.

--- Page 156 ---
-138- 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under 
Condition 4(h)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means either (i) the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof including, 
without limitation, any component mid-swap floating leg) on the Notes or (ii) any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate which replaces the Original Reference Rate pursuant to the operation of this Condition 
4(h). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (x) any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, 
(y) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (z) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(i) Benchmark Replacement Provisions 
This Condition 4(i) applies to all Notes with an Original Reference Rate used to calculate a Rate of Interest 
or a component thereof where the Original Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms is SOFR 
Compounded Rate and Condition 4(i) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
a)  
Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event. 
 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation 
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Issuer or its designee in consultation with the Issuer pursuant to the 
Benchmark Replacement Provisions described herein, including any determination with 
respect to tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event,

--- Page 157 ---
-139- 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection: 
   
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
   
if made by the Issuer, will be made in its sole discretion; 
   
if made by the Issuer's designee, will be made after consultation with the Issuer, 
and the designee will not make any such determination, decision or election to which 
the Issuer objects; and 
   
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Notes, shall become effective 
without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
If a designee of the Issuer does not make any determination, decision or election that it 
is required to make pursuant to the Benchmark Replacement Provisions, then the Issuer 
will make that determination, decision or election on the same basis as described above. 
The designee shall have no liability for not making any such determination, decision or 
election.  
b)  
Certain Defined Terms. 
 
As used herein for Notes with an Original Reference Rate of SOFR Compounded Rate: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) the sum of: (a) an alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
(c) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment. 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 158 ---
-140- 
(a) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(b) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; and 
(c) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including the timing and frequency of determining 
rates and making payments of interest, the rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
or its designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably practicable). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the later of (1) the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark; or 
(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark Replacement Date and 
Benchmark Transition Event, references to Benchmark also include any reference rate underlying such 
Benchmark. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time

--- Page 159 ---
-141- 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) ; 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such 
component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for 
the then-current Benchmark. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any 
successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is 
Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time or the SOFR Index Determination Time, as applicable, 
and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee in 
accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 160 ---
-142- 
(c) 
Notices, etc. 
 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, any 
Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any Benchmark Replacement 
Confirming Changes determined under this Condition 4(i) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
No later than one Business Day following the date of notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(1)  
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, (ii) the Benchmark Replacement and, (iii) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(i); and 
(2)  
certifying that any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement. 
The Fiscal Agent shall make available such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders, upon 
reasonable request, at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Confirming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error 
or bad faith in the determination of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment (if any) and the Benchmark Replacement Confirming Changes (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for choosing any substitute for any Original 
Reference Rate, or for making any adjustments to any Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes thereon, the Business 
Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates, Reset Determination Date or any other relevant 
methodology for calculating any such Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, or for determining whether any Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, even in circumstances where the Issuer 
has not made such determinations.  In connection with the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will be entitled 
to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or its designee in compliance with this 
Condition 4(i) and will have no liability in connection with the foregoing or for such actions taken at the 
direction of the Issuer.  At no time shall the Calculation Agent have any responsibility in connection 
therewith. 
5. Redemption and Purchase 
(a) At Maturity 
Unless previously repaid, each Note will be repaid by the Federation at its Final Redemption Amount 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 161 ---
-143- 
(b) Early Redemption for Tax Reasons and upon a Special Event and TLAC Disqualification Event 
(i) Early Redemption for Tax Reasons  
If, as a result of any change in the laws or regulations of Canada or any province or territory thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the administration or interpretation of 
any such laws or regulations, which change becomes effective on or after the latest Issue Date of the Notes 
of this Series, the Federation would, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes of 
this Series, be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 11, the Federation may, at its 
option, having given not more than the maximum period nor less than the minimum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the relevant Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, 
to the holders of the Notes of this Series, and provided that, in the case of Bail-inable Notes where the 
redemption would lead to a breach of the Federation's TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject 
to the prior written approval of the AMF and, in relation to the redemption of NVCC Subordinated Notes in 
all cases, such redemption will be subject to the prior written approval of the AMF, at any time or, if the 
Notes of this Series are Floating Rate Notes, on any Interest Payment Date redeem all, but not some, of 
the Notes of this Series, each at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(e), together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, 
the Federation shall be bound to redeem the Notes of this Series accordingly.  
(ii) Early Redemption upon Special Event 
This Condition 5(b)(ii) applies to NVCC Subordinated Notes only. 
The Federation may, at its option at any time on or after a Special Event Redemption Date, with the 
prior written approval of the AMF and having given not more than the maximum period nor less than the 
minimum period of notice, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the relevant Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 17, to the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series redeem all (but not less 
than all) of the NVCC Subordinated Notes, each at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
5(e), together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii): 
"Regulatory Event" means, as determined in a letter from the AMF to the Federation, the date on which 
the NVCC Subordinated Notes will no longer be recognized in full as eligible Tier 2 Capital of the Federation 
or will no longer be eligible to be included in full as risk-based Total Capital on a consolidated basis under 
the AMF Guideline. 
"Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction" means the government of Canada, any province or territory of Canada or 
any political subdivision or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, or within any 
other jurisdiction in which the Federation is constituted, organized, or is otherwise carrying on business in, 
or is otherwise resident for tax purposes or any jurisdiction from or through which payments made by or on 
behalf of the Federation under or with respect to the NVCC Subordinated Notes are made. 
"Special Event" means a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event, as the case may be. 
"Special Event Redemption Date" means the date of the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or Tax Event, 
as the case may be.

--- Page 162 ---
-144- 
"Tax Event" means the Federation has received an opinion of independent counsel of recognized standing 
experienced in such matters to the effect that, as a result of:  
(i)  
any amendment to, clarification of, or change (including any announced prospective change) in, 
the laws, or any regulations thereunder, or any application or interpretation thereof, of any Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction; 
(ii)  
any judicial decision, administrative pronouncement, published or private ruling, regulatory 
procedure, rule, notice, announcement, assessment or reassessment (including any notice or 
announcement of intent to adopt or issue such decision, pronouncement, ruling, procedure, rule, 
notice, announcement, assessment or reassessment) (collectively, an "Administrative Action"); 
or  
(iii)  
any amendment to, clarification of, or change (including any announced prospective change) in, 
the official position with respect to or the interpretation of any Administrative Action or any 
interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such Administrative 
Action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position,  
in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or agency, 
regulatory body or taxing authority (irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, clarification, 
change, Administrative Action, interpretation or pronouncement is made known, which amendment, 
clarification, change or Administrative Action is effective or which interpretation, pronouncement or 
Administrative Action is announced on or after the date of the issue of the NVCC Subordinated Notes), 
there is more than an insubstantial risk (assuming any proposed or announced amendment, clarification, 
change, interpretation, pronouncement or Administrative Action is effective and applicable) that the 
Federation is, or may be, subject to more than a de minimis amount of additional taxes, duties or other 
governmental charges or civil liabilities because the treatment of any of its items of income, taxable income, 
expense, taxable capital or taxable paid up capital with respect to the NVCC Subordinated Notes or the 
treatment of the NVCC Subordinated Notes (including the treatment by the Federation of interest on the 
NVCC Subordinated Notes), as or as would be reflected in any tax return or form filed, to be filed, or 
otherwise could have been filed, will not be respected by a taxing authority. 
(iii) Early Redemption due to TLAC Disqualification Event 
This Condition 5(b)(iii) applies to Bail-inable Notes only. 
Where a TLAC Disqualification Event Call is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
relating to a Series of Bail-inable Notes, the Federation may, having given not more than the maximum 
period nor less than the minimum period of notice, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the relevant 
Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, to the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series, at 
any time within 90 days following a TLAC Disqualification Event, redeem all, but not some, of the Notes of 
the relevant Series, each at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(e), together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
A "TLAC Disqualification Event" means the AMF has advised the Federation in writing that the 
relevant Series of Bail-inable Notes will no longer be recognized in full as TLAC under the AMF's guideline 
on Total Loss Absorbing Capacity in effect from time to time as interpreted by the AMF, provided that a 
TLAC Disqualification Event will not occur where the exclusion of the relevant Series of Bail-inable Notes

--- Page 163 ---
-145- 
from the Federation's TLAC requirements is due to the remaining maturity of such Series of Bail-inable 
Notes being less than any period prescribed by any relevant eligibility criteria applicable as of the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of such Series of Bail-inable Notes. 
(c) Early Redemption at the Option of the Federation (Issuer Call Option) 
This Condition 5(c) applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of 
the Issuer (other than for tax reasons, a Special Event or a TLAC Disqualification Event), such option being 
referred to as an "Issuer Call". The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and 
must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5(c) for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, 
whether the Notes are redeemable in whole or in part and any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which 
can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
 
If an Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Federation may, having given 
not more than the maximum period nor less than the minimum period of notice, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to the relevant Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, to the holders of the Notes 
of this Series, redeem all or, if so specified in the Final Terms, some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding any such Optional Redemption 
Date(s), provided that, in respect of NVCC Subordinated Notes, such redemption takes place on or after 
the First Call Date which shall be at least 5 years following the Issue Date and provided further that, in 
respect of Bail-inable Notes where the redemption would lead to a breach of the Federation's TLAC 
requirements and, in respect of NVCC Subordinated Notes at all times, such redemption will be subject to 
the prior written approval of the AMF.  For the purposes of this Condition 5(c), First Call Date shall have the 
meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the event of a redemption of some only of such Notes, such redemption must be for an amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Definitive Bearer Notes, the 
Notes to be repaid will be selected individually by lot not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption and a list of the Notes called for redemption will be published in accordance with Condition 17 
not less than 30 days prior to such date. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes which are represented 
by a Global Note, the relevant Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, such partial redemption to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion. Notes 
denominated in sterling may only be redeemed pursuant to this paragraph following one year from the Issue 
Date.  
(d) Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Noteholder Put Option) 
This Condition 5(d) applies to Notes (other than Bail-inable Notes or NVCC Subordinated Notes) which 
are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of Noteholders, such option being referred 
to as a "Noteholder Put Option". The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to any 
Noteholder Put Option and must be read in conjunction with Condition 5(d) for full information on any 
Noteholder Put Option. In particular, the Final Terms will identify the Option Redemption Date(s), the 
Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods.

--- Page 164 ---
-146- 
If and to the extent a Noteholder Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any Note (other than a Bail-inable Note and a NVCC Subordinated Note) giving to the Federation in 
accordance with Condition 17 not more than the maximum period nor less than the minimum period of 
notice as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Federation will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding such Optional 
Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of any Note the holder of the relevant Note must, if the 
relevant Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form supplied by the Issuer 
to the Paying Agent, (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
"Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made 
by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. If this Note is represented by 
a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise 
the right to require redemption of this Note, the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice 
to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them 
to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note the terms of which require presentation 
for recording changes to its nominal amount, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the 
relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph (d) shall be irrevocable 
except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 
12.  
(e) Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of paragraph (b) above and Condition 12, Notes will be redeemed at an amount (the 
"Early Redemption Amount") calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be greater or less than the Issue Price, at the amount set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") equal 
to the sum of: 
 
(A) 
(i) the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 165 ---
-147- 
 
(ii) (a) if Compounding Accrual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price or (b) if Linear Accrual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the product of the Accrual Yield (without any compounding) being applied to the 
Reference Price, 
 where: 
"Accrual Yield" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"Reference Price" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, which is the product of the Issue Price and the Calculation Amount, 
 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable; or 
(B) 
if the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of 
such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 5(b) above or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 12 is not paid or available for payment 
when due, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Zero Coupon Note calculated as 
provided above as though the references in Condition 5(e)(iii)(A) to the date fixed 
for redemption or the date upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
repayable were replaced by references to the date (the "Reference Date") which 
is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys repayable has been received by 
the relevant Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance 
with Condition 17. 
 
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this Condition 5(e)(iii)(B) 
will continue to be made, after as well as before judgment, until the Reference Date unless 
the Reference Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
repayable shall be the nominal amount of such Note together with interest at a rate per 
annum equal to the Accrual Yield. Where any such calculation is to be made for a period 
of less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30 / 360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting 
of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) 
Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due

--- Page 166 ---
-148- 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365) or (iv) Actual/Actual (ICMA) (as defined in Condition 4(a) except 
that the Calculation Period will commence on (and include) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes and end on (but exclude) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Notes become due and repayable). 
(f) Purchases 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, the Federation or any of its subsidiaries may 
at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto are surrendered therewith), in whole or in part, in the open market or by tender or by 
private treaty at any price, provided that, in respect of Bail-inable Notes, where the purchase of such Bail-
inable Notes would lead to a breach of the Federation's TLAC requirements and, in respect of NVCC 
Subordinated Notes at all times, such purchase will be subject to the prior written approval of the AMF.  
(g) Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by the Federation as aforesaid will be cancelled forthwith, together 
with all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered or purchased therewith, and may not be resold 
or reissued.  
 
(h) Specific Redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Amount Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may 
be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Any Note which is repayable in instalments will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the 
Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of definitive Notes, all 
instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid against surrender of the relevant receipt (which 
must be presented with the Note to which it appertains) and, in the case of the final instalment, against 
surrender of the relevant Notes, all as more fully described in Condition 6(g). 
Partly-Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5 and the provisions specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
(i) Redemption Irrevocable 
A notice of redemption under this Condition 5 shall be irrevocable, except that (i) in the case of 
Bail-inable Notes, an order sought by the AMF and made by the resolution board pursuant to Section 40.12 
of the Act which involves any deposit institution being part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins prior to the 
date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of NVCC Subordinated Notes, the occurrence of a Non-Viability 
Trigger Event prior to the date fixed for redemption shall, in each case, automatically rescind such notice 
of redemption and, in such circumstances, no Bail-inable Notes or, as the case may be, NVCC 
Subordinated Notes shall be redeemed and no payment in respect of the Bail-inable Notes or, as the case

--- Page 167 ---
-149- 
may be, NVCC Subordinated Notes shall be due and payable.  Bail-inable Notes continue to be subject to 
the exercise of Bail-in Powers prior to their payment in full. 
6. Automatic Conversion of NVCC Subordinated Notes on Non-Viability Trigger Event 
This Condition applies to NVCC Subordinated Notes only. 
(a) Automatic Conversion 
NVCC Subordinated Notes constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Federation in accordance with the AMF 
Guideline. Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, each outstanding NVCC Subordinated 
Note shall automatically and immediately be converted, on a full and permanent basis, without any action 
on the part of, or the consent of, the Noteholders (which, for the purposes of this Condition 6, includes each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the NVCC Subordinated Notes), into fully-paid and non-assessable Class 
Z Shares, in accordance with this Condition 6.  
The Federation shall have no liability to any Noteholder for any delay in the receipt of the evidence 
of beneficial ownership of the Class Z Shares resulting from the Federation's compliance with applicable 
operational and organizational law requirements. The procedures set forth in this Condition 6 are subject 
to change to reflect changes in clearing system practices or the issuance of the NVCC Subordinated Notes 
in definitive form. If the NVCC Subordinated Notes are held in definitive form at the time of the Automatic 
Conversion, the Federation will provide Noteholders with a notice describing, among other things, how the 
Federation intends to deliver the evidence of beneficial ownership of the Class Z Shares and requesting 
such Noteholders to provide the Federation with their relevant securities account information for the 
purpose of receiving such evidence of beneficial ownership. Any issuance of Class Z Shares may be made 
through a global certificate or a non-certificated position in CDS or any other clearing system. 
(b) Conversion Rate 
The number of Class Z Shares into which each NVCC Subordinated Note is convertible at the time 
of an Automatic Conversion shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the Multiplier multiplied 
by the Note Value, by (b) the Conversion Price. 
(c) Time of Automatic Conversion 
An Automatic Conversion is deemed to be effected immediately and permanently following the 
occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event and the rights of the Noteholders thereof shall cease at such 
time and the Person or Persons entitled to receive Class Z Shares upon an Automatic Conversion shall be 
treated for all purposes as having become the holder or holders of record of such Class Z Shares at such 
time. Subject to Condition 6(d), as promptly as practicable after the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger 
Event, the Federation shall announce the Automatic Conversion by way of a press release and shall give 
notice of the Automatic Conversion to the relevant Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, to 
the holders of the NVCC Subordinated Notes of the relevant Series. From and after the Automatic 
Conversion, the NVCC Subordinated Notes shall cease to be outstanding, the Noteholders shall cease to 
be entitled to interest thereon including any interest accrued but unpaid as of the date of the Automatic 
Conversion, and any certificates representing the NVCC Subordinated Notes shall represent only the right 
to receive, upon surrender thereof, the applicable number of Class Z Shares determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(b). An Automatic Conversion shall be mandatory and binding upon both the Federation 
and all Noteholders of Subordinated NVCC Notes notwithstanding anything else including, without 
limitation: (i) any prior action to or in furtherance of a redemption or conversion of the NVCC Subordinated

--- Page 168 ---
-150- 
Notes pursuant to these Conditions; and (ii) any delay or impediment to the issuance or delivery of the 
Class Z Shares to the Noteholders. 
(d) Right not to deliver Class Z Shares 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6, upon an Automatic Conversion, the 
Federation reserves the right not to deliver some or all, as applicable, of the Class Z Shares issuable 
thereupon to any Person whom the Federation has reason to believe is an Ineligible Person. In such 
circumstances, the Federation shall hold, as agent for such Ineligible Persons, the Class Z Shares 
otherwise deliverable to such Ineligible Persons and the Federation will attempt to facilitate the sale of such 
Class Z Shares to parties other than the Federation and Federation Affiliates on behalf of such Ineligible 
Persons. Those sales (if any) may be made at any time and at any price. The Federation shall not be 
subject to any liability for failure to sell such Class Z Shares on behalf of such Ineligible Persons or at any 
particular price or on any particular day. The net proceeds received by the Federation from the sale of any 
such Class Z Shares shall be divided among the Ineligible Persons in proportion to the number of Class Z 
Shares that would otherwise have been delivered to them upon the Automatic Conversion after deducting 
the costs of sale and any applicable Taxes.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6, upon an Automatic Conversion, the 
Federation reserves the right not to deliver some or all, as applicable, of the Class Z Shares to any Person 
who, by virtue of the operation of the Automatic Conversion, would become a Significant Holder. In such 
circumstances, the Federation shall hold, as agent of that Person, the Threshold Number of Class Z Shares 
otherwise deliverable to such Person, and the Federation shall attempt to facilitate the sale of such Class 
Z Shares to parties other than the Federation and its Federation Affiliates on behalf of that Person. Those 
sales (if any) may be made at any time and at any price. The Federation shall not be subject to any liability 
for failure to sell any such Class Z Shares on behalf of that Person or at any particular price or on any 
particular day. The net proceeds received by the Federation from the sale of any such Class Z Shares shall 
be delivered to that Person, after deducting the costs of sale and any applicable Taxes.  
(e) Fractional Class Z Shares 
In any case where the aggregate number of Class Z Shares to be issued to a Noteholder pursuant 
to an Automatic Conversion includes a fraction of a Class Z Share, such number of Class Z Shares to be 
issued to such Noteholder shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of Class Z Shares and no 
cash payment shall be made in lieu of such fractional Class Z Share. 
(f) Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes in the Class Z Shares 
In the event of a capital reorganization, consolidation, merger or amalgamation of the Federation 
or comparable transaction affecting the Class Z Shares (whether outstanding or not) and, where no Class 
Z Shares are outstanding, any shares in the authorized capital of the Federation ranking equally with the 
Class Z Shares, the Federation shall take necessary action to ensure that Noteholders of NVCC 
Subordinated Notes receive or are entitled to receive, pursuant to an Automatic Conversion, such number 
of Class Z Shares or other securities that such Noteholders would have received if the Automatic 
Conversion occurred immediately prior to the earlier of the record date for such event and the time of such 
event and shall ensure that, to the extent that no Class Z Shares are outstanding as at the record date of 
any such capital reorganization, consolidation, merger or amalgamation, the Class Z Shares shall, once 
issued, be treated in the same manner as, and rank equally with, any equal ranking shares in the authorised 
capital of the Federation that were affected by the relevant reorganization, consolidation, merger or 
amalgamation of the Federation.

--- Page 169 ---
-151- 
(g) Adjustments 
Upon a Class Z Capital Share Reorganization at any time at which there are issued and outstanding 
Class Z Shares, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted so that it will equal the price determined by 
multiplying the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such effective date or record date of such 
event by a fraction: 
(i) 
the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class Z Shares outstanding on such effective 
date or record date before giving effect to such Class Z Capital Share Reorganization; and 
(ii) 
the denominator of which shall be the total number of Class Z Shares outstanding immediately after 
giving effect to such Class Z Capital Share Reorganization (including, in the case where securities 
exchangeable for or convertible into Class Z Shares are distributed, the number, without 
duplication, of Class Z Shares that would have been outstanding had all such securities been 
exchanged for or converted into Class Z Shares on such effective date or record date). 
The adjustment shall be calculated to the nearest one-tenth of one cent provided that no adjustment 
of the Conversion Price shall be required unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease 
of at least one per cent. (1%) of the Conversion Price then in effect; provided, however, that in such case 
any adjustment that would otherwise be required then to be made will be carried forward and will be made 
at the time of and together with the next subsequent adjustment which, together with any adjustments so 
carried forward, will amount to at least one per cent. (1%) of the Conversion Price. 
In any case in which the definition of Conversion Price or Condition 6(f) requires that an adjustment 
will become effective immediately after a record date for an event described in this Condition 6, the 
Federation may defer, until the occurrence of such event, issuing to the Noteholders of NVCC Subordinated 
Notes upon an Automatic Conversion occurring after such record date and before the occurrence of such 
event, any additional Class Z Shares issuable upon such conversion by reason of the adjustment required 
by such event, provided, however, that the Federation shall deliver to such Noteholders evidence of such 
Noteholder's right to receive such additional Class Z Shares upon the occurrence of such event and the 
right to receive any dividends or other distributions made on such additional Class Z Shares declared in 
favor of holders of record of Class Z Shares on and after the date of the Automatic Conversion or such later 
date on which such Noteholders would, but for the provisions of this paragraph of Condition 6(g), have 
become the holder of record of such additional Class Z Shares. 
If at any time a dispute arises with respect to adjustments provided for in the definition of 
Conversion Price or in Condition 6(f), such dispute shall be conclusively determined, subject to the consent 
if required of any stock exchange on which the Class Z Shares may be listed, by the Federation's Auditors, 
or if they are unable or unwilling to act, by such other firm of independent chartered accountants as may 
be selected by action of the board of directors of the Federation and any such determination shall be binding 
upon the Federation, the Noteholders and the other holders of Capital Stock of the Federation. Such 
auditors or accountants shall be given access to all necessary records of the Federation. 
If the Federation sets a record date to take any action that would require an adjustment provided 
for in the definition of Conversion Price or in Condition 6(f) and before the taking of such action, the 
Federation legally abandons its plan to take such action, then no such adjustment shall be made. 
The Federation shall from time to time, immediately after the occurrence of any Class Z Capital 
Share Reorganization or other event that requires an adjustment or readjustment as provided in the 
definition of Conversion Price, Condition 6(f) or this Condition 6(g), give notice to the relevant Fiscal Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 17, to the Noteholders of NVCC Subordinated Notes specifying the

--- Page 170 ---
-152- 
nature of the event requiring the same and the amount of the adjustment or readjustment necessitated 
thereby and setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such 
calculation is based.   
(h) Agreement with Respect to a Non-Viability Trigger Event 
By acquiring any NVCC Subordinated Note, each Noteholder or beneficial owner of a NVCC 
Subordinated Note or any interest therein, including any Person acquiring any such Note or interest therein 
after the date thereof, irrevocably consents to the principal amount of such NVCC Subordinated Note and 
any accrued interest due and payable thereon being deemed paid in full by the issuance of Class Z Shares 
upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event and the resulting Automatic Conversion, which 
occurrence and resulting Automatic Conversion shall occur without any further action on the part of such 
Noteholder or beneficial owner or any Agent. 
(i) General 
(i) 
Upon an Automatic Conversion, any accrued interest due and payable on the NVCC Subordinated 
Notes, together with the principal amount of such NVCC Subordinated Notes, shall be deemed paid in full 
by the issuance of Class Z Shares upon such conversion and the Noteholders shall have no further rights 
and the Federation shall have no further obligations under these Conditions, the NVCC Subordinated Notes 
or the Agency Agreement. If Taxes are required to be withheld from such payment of interest in the form of 
Class Z Shares, the number of Class Z Shares received by a Noteholder shall reflect an amount net of any 
applicable Tax and the Federation reserves the right not to deliver some or all, as applicable, of such Class 
Z Shares equivalent to the Taxes to be withheld. In such circumstances, the Federation will hold, as agent 
for such Persons, the Class Z Shares that would have otherwise been delivered to such Persons and the 
Federation will attempt to facilitate the sale of such Class Z Shares to parties other than the Federation and 
Federation Affiliates on behalf of such Persons, to be retained by the Federation on behalf of such Persons.  
Those sales (if any) may be made at any time and at any price. The net proceeds received by the Federation 
from the sale of any such Class Z Shares shall be remitted to the relevant authority in accordance with 
applicable law, and shall be credited to the Federation as payment on account of any payment made under 
or with respect to the NVCC Subordinated Notes.  The Federation shall not be subject to any liability for 
failure to sell such Class Z Shares at any particular price or on any particular day. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, the Notes or the Agency Agreement, the 
Automatic Conversion of the NVCC Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger 
Event shall not be an Event of Default and the only consequence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event shall be 
the Automatic Conversion of such NVCC Subordinated Notes into Class Z Shares.  
(iii) 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries shall be liable for any stamp duty, stamp duty reserve 
tax, or any other capital, issue, transfer, registration, financial transaction or documenting tax that may arise 
or be paid as a consequence of the delivery of the Class Z Shares, which tax shall be borne solely by the 
Noteholder. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6 only: 
"Affiliate" of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by 
or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person and, for greater certainty, when used 
with respect to the Federation, does not include Desjardins caisses which are members of the Federation. 
For the purposes of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any specified Person means the 
power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the

--- Page 171 ---
-153- 
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have 
meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
"Auditors" means an independent firm or firms of accountants duly appointed as auditors of the 
Federation. 
"CDS" means The Canadian Depository for Securities Limited (and any successor thereto). 
"Capital Stock" means the authorized capital stock of the Federation which is made up of the Internal 
Capital Stock and the External Capital Stock. 
"Class Z Capital Share Reorganization" means any of (i) the issuance of Class Z Shares or securities 
exchangeable for or convertible into Class Z Shares to all holders of outstanding Class Z Shares as a stock 
dividend, (ii) the subdivision, re-division or change of the outstanding Class Z Shares into a greater number 
of Class Z Shares, or (iii) the reduction, combination or consolidation of the outstanding Class Z Shares 
into a lesser number of Class Z Shares. 
"Conversion Price" means, in respect of each NVCC Subordinated Note, C$10, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to adjustment in the event of a Class Z Capital Share 
Reorganization in accordance with Condition 6(g). 
"Corporate Body" means a financial services cooperative, cooperative, federation of financial services 
cooperatives, corporation, association, company, limited liability company, unlimited liability company, joint-
stock company, business trust or other legal person, and "Corporate Bodies" has a correlative meaning. 
"External Capital Stock" means any Capital Stock of the Federation that does not constitute Internal 
Capital Stock. 
"Federation Affiliates" means any Affiliate of the Federation. 
"Ineligible Person" means (i) any Person whose address is in, or whom the Federation has reason to 
believe is a resident of, any jurisdiction outside Canada to the extent that the issuance by the Federation 
of Class Z Shares or delivery of such shares by its transfer agent to that Person, pursuant to an Automatic 
Conversion, would require the Federation to take any action to comply with securities, financial 
cooperatives, banking or analogous laws of that jurisdiction, and (ii) any Person to the extent that the 
issuance by the Federation of Class Z Shares or delivery of such shares by its transfer agent to that Person, 
pursuant to an Automatic Conversion, would cause the Federation to be in violation of any law to which the 
Federation is subject. 
"Internal Capital Stock" means any Capital Stock of the Federation which are held by members or 
auxiliary members of the Federation. 
"Multiplier" means 1.50, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Note Value" means, in respect of each NVCC Subordinated Note, the principal amount of that NVCC 
Subordinated Note plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon as of the date of the Non-Viability Trigger 
Event, expressed in C$ on the basis of the Prevailing Exchange Rate. 
"Person" means any individual, Corporate Body, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated 
organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity. 
"Prevailing Exchange Rate" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of any currency, the indicative rate of exchange between the relevant currency and C$ reported by the 
Bank of Canada on the date immediately preceding the date of the Non-Viability Trigger Event (or, if not

--- Page 172 ---
-154- 
available on such date, the date on which such closing rate was last applicable prior to such date). If such 
exchange rate is no longer reported by the Bank of Canada, the relevant exchange rate shall be the simple 
average of the closing exchange rates between the relevant currency and C$ quoted at approximately the 
Specified Time on such date by three major banks selected by the Federation. 
"Significant Holder" means any Person who beneficially owns directly, or indirectly through entities 
controlled by such Person or Persons associated with or acting jointly or in concert with such Person(s), a 
percentage of the total number of outstanding Capital Stock or other interests in the Federation that is in 
excess of any applicable requirements contained in applicable law, if any. 
"Specified Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Taxes" means any present or future tax, duty, levy, impost, assessment or other governmental charge 
(including penalties, interest and other liabilities related thereto) imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
government of Canada, any province or territory of Canada or any political subdivision or any authority or 
agency therein or thereof having power to tax, or within any other jurisdiction in which the Federation is 
constituted, organized, or is otherwise carrying on business in, or is otherwise resident for tax purposes or 
any jurisdiction from or through which payments made by or on behalf of the Federation under or with 
respect to the NVCC Subordinated Notes are made. 
"Threshold Number" means, as applicable, the number of Capital Stock issuable or deliverable to any 
Person that would cause that Person to become a Significant Holder, being the sum of (i) the total number 
of Capital Stock held by that Person immediately prior to the Automatic Conversion and (ii) the total number 
of Capital Stock otherwise issuable or deliverable to that Person by virtue of the operation of the Automatic 
Conversion, less (iii) the greatest number of Capital Stock that such Person could hold, directly or indirectly, 
without being a Significant Holder. 
7. Conversion Option for NVCC Subordinated Notes 
A Noteholder of NVCC Subordinated Notes of any Series may, at its option, subject to applicable 
law and only upon notice from the Federation, which may be given from time to time only with the prior 
written approval of the AMF and other required regulatory approvals, convert all, but not less than all, of the 
principal amount of NVCC Subordinated Notes of such Series held by such Noteholder on the date specified 
in the notice, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, into an equal aggregate principal amount 
of new Subordinated Indebtedness which qualifies as regulatory capital under capital adequacy 
requirements adopted by the AMF (including the AMF Guideline), as will be specified in the notice, and 
without the payment of any further consideration therefor. If given, such notice from the Federation shall be 
given not less than 30 days, nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for the conversion, set a date for 
conversion of the NVCC Subordinated Notes, describe the steps required to be taken by a holder of NVCC 
Subordinated Notes in order to exercise its conversion option, describe the nature of the new Subordinated 
Indebtedness and otherwise shall be given in accordance with Condition 17 herein. 
8. Payments 
(a) Method of Payment in respect of Bearer Notes  
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro or U.S. dollars will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in yen to

--- Page 173 ---
-155- 
a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, 
or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank 
located in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) with a bank outside of the United States 
specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in U.S. dollars will be made by credit or transfer to a U.S. dollar account 
maintained by the payee outside of the United States or, at the option of the payee, by a 
cheque drawn on a United States bank. 
In no event will payment of amounts due in respect of Bearer Notes be made by a cheque mailed to an 
address in the United States (which expression, as used in this Condition 8, means the United States of 
America, including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas 
subject to its jurisdiction). 
(b) Payments in respect of Global Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bearer Notes represented by any global Bearer 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above and otherwise in the manner 
specified in the relevant global Bearer Note against (except in the case of a global Bearer Note in NGN 
form) presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Bearer Note at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of such global Bearer 
Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
global Bearer Note by the Fiscal Agent or in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
(c) Payments in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the Specified Currency against surrender of Definitive Bearer Notes and payments of interest in respect of 
the definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the Specified Currency against 
surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Condition 8, if the Definitive Bearer Notes are denominated or payable 
in U.S. dollars, payments in respect of the Bearer Notes will only be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to 
its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Federation has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount owing in 
respect of the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due;

--- Page 174 ---
-156- 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount owing in respect of the Bearer Notes at such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Federation, adverse tax consequences to the Federation. 
(d) Presentation of Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Fixed Rate Bearer Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Bearer Notes (as defined herein)) 
must be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons) 
failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid 
bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 11) in respect of such principal and before the expiration 
of the relevant period of prescription under Condition 16. Upon any Fixed Rate Bearer Note becoming due 
and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void 
and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Bearer Note or Long Maturity Bearer Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons, shall 
be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Bearer Note" is a Fixed Rate Bearer Note (other than a 
Fixed Rate Bearer Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose Nominal Amount on issue is less than 
the aggregate interest payable thereon provided such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is 
less than the Nominal Amount of such Note. 
(e) Payment of Accrued Interest on Redemption 
If the due date for redemption of any Note in definitive form is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
(f) General Provisions Applicable to All Payments 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
References to "Specified Currency" include any successor currency under applicable law.

--- Page 175 ---
-157- 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
the holder of the relevant Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments 
in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Federation will be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid; 
(ii) 
each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by 
the Federation to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant Global Note; and 
(iii) 
no person other than the holder of the relevant global Note shall have any claim against 
the Federation in respect of any payments due on that Global Note. 
In certain limited circumstances in which payments in respect of a global Bearer Note are not made 
when due, owners of interests in such Global Note may become entitled to proceed directly against the 
Federation in accordance with the provisions of such Global Note.  
(g) 
Payment Business Day 
If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business Day, 
then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until (i) if the Payment Business Day 
Convention is specified as Following Business Day Convention in the applicable Final Terms, the next day 
which is such a day or (ii) if the Payment Business Day Convention is specified as Modified Following 
Business Day Convention in the applicable Final Terms, the next day which is a Payment Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the holder shall be entitled to such 
payment on the immediately preceding Payment Business Day, and from such day and thereafter will be 
entitled to receive payment by cheque on any local banking day, and will be entitled to payment by transfer 
to a designated account on any day which is a local banking day, a Payment Business Day and a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant designated account is located and no further 
payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless 
there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 4. For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: (A) in the case of Notes in definitive 
form only, the relevant place of presentation; and (B) any Additional Financial Centre(s) 
(other than TARGET2) specified in the applicable Final Terms and if TARGET2 is specified 
as an Additional Financial Centre, a TARGET2 Business Day; and 
 (ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which, in the case of Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall

--- Page 176 ---
-158- 
be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
TARGET2 Business Day. 
(h) Conversion into United States Dollars 
If the Federation is due to make a payment in a currency (the "original currency") other than United 
States Dollars in respect of any Note or Coupon and the original currency is not available on the foreign 
exchange markets due to the imposition of exchange controls, the original currency's replacement or disuse 
or other circumstances beyond the Federation's control, the Federation will be entitled to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of such payment by making payment in United States Dollars on the basis of the spot 
exchange rate (the "United States Dollar FX Rate") at which the original currency is offered in exchange 
for United States Dollars in the London foreign exchange market (or, at the option of the Calculation Agent, 
in the foreign exchange market of any other financial centre which is then open for business) at noon, 
London time, two Business Days prior to the date on which payment is due or, if the United States Dollar 
FX Rate is not available on that date, on the basis of an average of the United States Dollar FX Rate on 
each of the immediately preceding ten Business Days on which the United States Dollar FX Rate is 
available as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, the United States Dollar FX 
Rate or fallback rate as aforesaid may be such that the resulting United States Dollars amount is zero and 
in such event no amount of United States Dollars or the original currency will be payable. Any payment 
made in United States Dollars or non-payment in accordance with this paragraph will not constitute an 
Event of Default under Condition 12.  
For the purposes of this Condition 8(h), "Calculation Agent" means any entity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or otherwise any entity appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time. 
(i) Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes that are payable in instalments, payments of principal in respect of 
instalments (if any), other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant receipt. Each receipt must be presented for payment of the 
relevant instalment together with the relevant definitive Note against which the amount will be payable in 
respect of that instalment. If any definitive Note is redeemed or becomes repayable prior to the stated 
Maturity Date in respect thereof, principal will be payable on surrender of such definitive Note together with 
all unmatured receipts appertaining thereto. Receipts presented without definitive Notes to which they 
appertain and unmatured receipts do not constitute valid obligations of the Federation. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes due 
and repayable, all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons, shall be made in 
respect thereof.

--- Page 177 ---
-159- 
(j) Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i)  
any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 11 in respect of principal; 
(ii)  
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii)  
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv)  
 the Optional Redemption Amount of the Notes;  
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi)  
 any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 11 in respect of 
interest. 
9. Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Fiscal Agent and the other initial Paying Agents (collectively, the "Agents") and 
their initial specified offices are set out on the Notes. If any additional or other Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents will act solely as agents of the Federation and 
do not assume any obligations or relationships of agency or trust to or with the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, except that (without affecting the obligations of the Federation to the Noteholders and 
Couponholders to repay Notes and pay interest thereon) funds received by the Agent for the payment of 
principal of or interest on the Notes shall be held by it in trust for the Noteholders and/or Couponholders 
until the expiration of the relevant period of prescription under Condition 16. The Federation agrees to 
perform and observe the obligations imposed upon it under the Agency Agreement and to cause the Agents 
to perform and observe the obligations imposed upon them under the Agency Agreement. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the Agents and for relief from responsibility in 
certain circumstances, and entitles any of them to enter into business transactions with the Federation and 
its subsidiaries, if any, without being liable to account to the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
resulting profit. 
The Federation is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent (including the Fiscal Agent) 
or any other paying agent appointed under the terms of the Agency Agreement and/or appoint additional 
or other paying agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any paying agent 
acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes of this Series are listed on any stock exchange or competent authority, 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified

--- Page 178 ---
-160- 
office in each location required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange 
(or any other relevant authority); 
(ii) 
If any Definitive Bearer Notes are ever issued, the Federation will appoint and maintain a 
Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in a city approved by 
the Fiscal Agent in continental Europe and notify the Noteholders of such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 17; and 
(iii) 
so long as any Notes are outstanding, there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent. 
In addition, the Federation shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in the second paragraph of Condition 8(c). Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given 
to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 provided that no such variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall take effect (except in the case of insolvency in which case, 
termination should be immediate or in the case of a Paying Agent ceasing to be a Participating FFI in which 
case termination will be immediate upon notice in writing) within 15 days before or after any Interest 
Payment Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition, "Participating FFI" means a "foreign financial institution" that is a 
"participating foreign financial institution" (as each such term is defined pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code and any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof as from the effective 
date of withholding on "foreign passthru payments" (a term not yet defined by legislation or regulation). A 
participating foreign financial institution includes any financial institution that is deemed to be compliant with 
the provisions of section 1471(b) pursuant to an applicable agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction. 
10. Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to, and including, the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8(d) 
and Condition 16. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
11. Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Federation in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Government 
of Canada or any province, territory or political division thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges are 
required by law or by the interpretation or administration thereof. In that event, the Federation will, subject 
to its right of redemption set out in Condition 5(b)(i), pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in 
order that the net amounts receivable by the Noteholders or the Couponholders, as the case may be, after

--- Page 179 ---
-161- 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal or interest which would have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable to such taxes 
or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of that person having any present 
or future connection with Canada other than the mere holding or use outside Canada, or 
ownership as a non-resident of Canada, of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on or before such thirtieth day, assuming, for this purpose, that day to 
have been a Payment Business Day (as defined in Condition 8(g)); or 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any current or future regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any 
agreement described in Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement 
entered into between the United States and any other country in connection with the 
implementation of the foregoing, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official 
practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement; or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder with whom the Federation 
is not dealing at arm's length within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada) (the 
"Act"); or 
(v) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who is, or who does not 
deal at arm's length with a person who is, a "specified shareholder" (as defined in 
subsection 18(5) of the Act) of the Federation; or 
(vi) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who could lawfully avoid 
(but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any 
third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any 
third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any 
tax authority or paying agent in the place where the relevant Note or Coupon is presented 
for payment; or 
(vii) 
where such withholding or deductions is imposed by reason of the payment or deemed 
payment being deemed to be paid as interest or a dividend to a non-resident of Canada 
(other than the Noteholder or Couponholder) pursuant to subsections 212(3.2) or 214(16) 
of the Act; or 
(viii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed by reason of any payment of principal of 
or interest on the Notes or Coupon by the Federation to any Noteholder or Couponholder 
(or beneficial owner), as the case may be, who is a fiduciary or partnership or any person 
other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment, to the extent that a beneficiary or 
settlor with respect to such fiduciary, a member of such a partnership or the beneficial 
owner of such payment would not have been entitled to the additional amounts had such

--- Page 180 ---
-162- 
beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the actual holder or beneficial owners 
of such Notes or Coupons.  
If the Federation becomes subject generally at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than, or in 
addition to, Canada, references in Condition 5(b)(i) and this Condition 11 to Canada shall be read and 
construed as references to Canada or any province or territory thereof and/or to such other taxing 
jurisdiction(s).  
As used herein, "Relevant Date" means: 
(A) 
the date on which such payment first becomes due; or 
(B) 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or 
prior to such due date, the date on which the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17. 
12. Events of Default  
(a) Senior Notes 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") should occur and be continuing, the holder of any 
Senior Note may, upon written notice of acceleration to both the Federation and the Fiscal Agents (with a 
copy to the U.S. Registrar), cause such Senior Note to become due and payable as of the date on which 
the said notice of acceleration is received by both the Federation and the Fiscal Agents (with a copy to the 
U.S. Registrar), at the Early Redemption Amount thereof (as described in Condition 5(e)), together with 
accrued interest, unless prior to the receipt of such notice by both the Federation and the Fiscal Agents 
(with a copy to the U.S. Registrar), the Federation shall have cured or otherwise made good such Event of 
Default in respect of the relevant Senior Notes: 
(i) 
failure for 30 Business Days (as defined in Condition 4(b)) to pay when due any interest on 
any Senior Note; 
(ii) 
failure for 30 Business Days (as defined in Condition 4(b)) to pay when due the principal 
of any Senior Note; or 
(iii) 
the Federation becomes insolvent or bankrupt or subject to the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution provisions of the Cooperatives Act or other applicable law, or any statute 
hereafter enacted in substitution therefor, as such act, or substituted act, may be amended 
from time to time, or the Federation goes into wind-up, liquidation or dissolution, either 
voluntarily or under an order of a court of competent jurisdiction, duly passes or approves 
a resolution or declaration for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Federation, 
or is ordered wound-up, liquidated or dissolved other than, in each case, for the purposes 
of, or as part of, an Exempt Restructuring, 
provided that a holder of any Bail-inable Note may only exercise, or direct the exercise of, rights under 
this Condition 12(a) where an order has not been sought by the AMF in respect of any deposit institution

--- Page 181 ---
-163- 
being part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins and made by the resolution board pursuant to Section 40.12 
of the Deposit Institutions Act. 
Notwithstanding the exercise of any rights by holders of Notes under this Condition 12(a) in respect of 
Bail-inable Notes, Bail-inable Notes will continue to be subject to the Resolution Powers (including the Bail-
in Powers) of the AMF under and pursuant to the Deposit Institutions Act and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder, including the Prescribed Debt Regulations.  
A conversion, in whole or in part, of Bail-inable Notes into Conversion Securities will not be an Event 
of Default in relation to such Bail-inable Notes.  
By its acquisition of the Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest 
in any Bail-inable Note), to the extent permitted by law, waives any and all claims, in law and/or in equity, 
against any Agent (in each case solely in its capacity as Agent), for, agrees not to initiate a suit against any 
Agent in respect of, and agrees that no Agent shall be liable for, any action that an Agent takes, or abstains 
from taking, in either case in accordance with the conversion (in whole or in part) of Bail-inable Notes into 
Conversion Securities pursuant to the Bail-in Powers. 
(b) NVCC Subordinated Notes 
In the event that the Federation shall become insolvent or bankrupt or subject to the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution provisions of the Cooperatives Act or other applicable law, or any statute hereafter 
enacted in substitution therefor, as such act, or substituted act, may be amended from time to time, or if the 
Federation goes into wind-up, liquidation or dissolution, either voluntarily or under an order of a court of 
competent jurisdiction, duly passes or approves a resolution or declaration for the winding-up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Federation, or is ordered wound-up, liquidated or dissolved other than, in each case, 
for the purposes of, or as part of, an Exempt Restructuring (each an "Event of Default"), then, absent a 
Non-Viability Trigger Event, a holder of any NVCC Subordinated Note may, upon written notice to both the 
Federation and the Fiscal Agent, cause the entire principal amount of and accrued and unpaid interest on 
such NVCC Subordinated Note to become due and payable as of the date on which the said notice is 
received by both the Federation and the Fiscal Agent. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Conditions, the NVCC Subordinated Notes and the 
Agency Agreement and for greater certainty, none of (i) the non-payment or default in the payment of 
interest on the NVCC Subordinated Notes, (ii) a default in the performance of any other covenant or other 
obligation of the Federation in these Conditions, the NVCC Subordinated Notes or the Agency Agreement 
or (iii) the occurrence of an Automatic Conversion upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event 
shall constitute an Event of Default under these Conditions, the NVCC Subordinated Notes and the Agency 
Agreement.  
"Exempt Restructuring" means a resolution or order for wind-up, liquidation or dissolution of the 
Federation with a view to the amalgamation, consolidation, combination or merger of the Federation with 
or into another Person (a "Successor in Business") or the conveyance, transfer, sale or lease of the 
Federation's properties and assets as an entirety to such Successor in Business where the amalgamation, 
consolidation, combination, merger, conveyance, transfer, sale or lease complies with the following 
conditions (as applicable):

--- Page 182 ---
-164- 
(i) 
in case the Federation shall merge, amalgamate, consolidate or otherwise combine with a 
Successor in Business or sell or lease substantially all of the Federation's assets to a Successor in 
Business, the Successor in Business shall be a duly organized entity and shall be legally 
responsible for and assume, the obligations of the Federation under and pursuant to these 
Conditions and the Notes (which may be as a result of a substitution as principal debtor of a 
Successor in Business pursuant to Condition 13, operation of law or otherwise); 
(ii) 
in case the Federation shall amalgamate with one or more federations of financial services 
cooperatives, such amalgamation shall be in accordance with the terms of Chapter IX, Division IX 
of the Cooperatives Act; 
(iii) 
in the case of Senior Notes only, any such amalgamation, merger, combination or consolidation, 
or sale or lease of assets, would not result in an Event of Default as described in Condition 12(a)(i) 
or Condition 12(a)(ii), nor any event which, after the requirement for giving the Federation and the 
Fiscal Agent a notice of acceleration in accordance with Condition 12(a) and any requirements for 
lapse of time for the event to become a default were both disregarded, would become an Event of 
Default in respect of the Senior Notes as described in Condition 12(a)(i) or Condition 12(a)(ii); and 
(iv) 
the Successor in Business has, as a part of such amalgamation, consolidation, combination, 
merger, conveyance, transfer, sale or lease, within ninety (90) days from the passing of the 
resolution or declaration or order for the wind-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Federation (or 
within such further period of time as may be sanctioned by the Noteholders by means of an 
Extraordinary Resolution), delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Successor in Business and, other than in respect of sub-paragraph (II) below, (A) 
an opinion of independent legal advisors of recognised standing, stating that; (I) such 
amalgamation, merger, combination, consolidation, or sale or lease of assets complies with the 
conditions precedent described in subparagraph (i) and, if applicable, subparagraph (ii) of this 
definition of Exempt Restructuring, and (II) where Senior Notes are outstanding at the date of the 
passing of such resolution or declaration or order as aforesaid or at the date of the completion of 
any such amalgamation, consolidation, combination, merger or conveyance, transfer, sale or lease 
of properties and assets, such amalgamation, consolidation, combination, merger, or conveyance, 
transfer, sale or lease of properties and assets complies with subparagraph (iii), and (B) to the 
extent that the Exempt Restructuring results in the substitution of the Successor in Business 
pursuant to Condition 13, the conditions for such substitution as described in Condition 13 have 
been satisfied.   
The Fiscal Agent shall make available the certificate and opinion of independent legal advisors as 
required by subparagraph (iv) of the definition of Exempt Restructuring at its offices for inspection by the 
Noteholders, upon reasonable request, at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
13. Substitution of Successor in Business 
The Federation (and any Successor in Business which is substituted for the Federation in accordance 
with this Condition 13), may at any time subject to applicable law and to obtaining proper consents from 
regulatory authorities, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as 
principal debtor under the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, NVCC Subordinated Notes and, in each 
case, the related Coupons, any Successor in Business to the Federation (or to any previous Successor(s)

--- Page 183 ---
-165- 
in Business to the Federation) (the "Substitute"), provided that no payment in respect of the Senior Notes 
or, as the case may be, the NVCC Subordinated Notes or, in each case, the related Coupons is at the 
relevant time overdue and provided further that, in respect of a substitution of the principal debtor under 
any Bail-inable Notes where the substitution would lead to a breach of the Federation's TLAC requirements 
(or, if applicable, the relevant TLAC requirements of any Successor in Business), the Federation (or the 
relevant Successor in Business) may only substitute itself as principal debtor with the prior written approval 
of the AMF. Effective at the time of the substitution, the Federation (or any relevant Successor in Business) 
shall be released from all its liabilities, in its capacity as issuer of the Notes, contained in the Senior Notes 
or, as the case may be, NVCC Subordinated Notes and related Coupons (if applicable). 
The substitution shall be made pursuant to a deed poll ("Deed Poll"), and may take place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall agree to indemnify each Noteholder and (if applicable) each Couponholder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any 
authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, 
if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Senior Note or, as the case may be, NVCC 
Subordinated Note and any related Coupon as a result of any laws or regulations then in effect at 
the time of the substitution and that would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been 
made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or 
expense, relating to the substitution; 
(ii) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of 
any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Conditions, the Senior Notes or, as the 
case may be, the NVCC Subordinated Notes and the related Coupons represent valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and that all action, conditions and things 
required to be later fulfilled are done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure 
that the Deed Poll, the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, the NVCC Subordinated Notes and 
the related Coupons represent its valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations have been 
taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(iii) 
the Substitute shall be or have become party to the Agency Agreement in its capacity as issuer of 
the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, NVCC Subordinated Notes, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments; 
(iv) 
legal opinions addressed to the Fiscal Agent and the relevant managers or, as the case may be, 
the dealers (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) shall have been delivered to it from a lawyer 
or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in (i) above and 
in the Province of Québec, Canada as to the matters of the preceding conditions of this Condition 
13 and the other matters reasonably specified in the Deed Poll; and 
(v) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise 
reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents.

--- Page 184 ---
-166- 
The Deed Poll shall amend the Conditions of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, NVCC 
Subordinated Notes which the Substitute in its reasonable discretion and acting in good faith deems to be 
necessary or desirable with the intention that such Conditions shall reflect the Conditions which could have 
applied had the Substitute been the original issuer of the Notes. References in Condition 11 to obligations 
under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll. 
14. Meetings of and Consents of Noteholders; Modification and Amendment 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (or the holders of 
Notes of any one or more Series) (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference 
platform)  to consider matters affecting their interests, including modifications by Extraordinary Resolution 
of the terms and conditions of the Notes (or the Notes of any one or more Series). 
The quorum for any meeting convened to consider a resolution proposed as an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be one or more persons holding or representing more than 50 per cent. of the nominal 
amount of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting, two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) for the time 
being outstanding so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to sanction the exchange or substitution for the Notes or the 
conversion of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) into shares, 
bonds or other obligations or securities of the Federation or any other body corporate; (ii) to postpone the 
Maturity Date or the dates on which interest is payable in respect of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the 
Notes of the relevant one or more Series); (iii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or interest on, or 
to reduce or vary the method of calculating the rate of interest on, the Notes (or, as the case may be, the 
Notes of the relevant one or more Series); (iv) to change the currency in which payments under the Notes 
(or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) and/or the Coupons appertaining 
thereto are to be made; or (v) to modify the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of holders of the Notes (or, as the case may be, 
the Notes of the relevant one or more Series), in which case the necessary quorum for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or 
at any adjourned such meeting, not less than 25 per cent., of the nominal amount of the Notes (or, as the 
case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) for the time being outstanding.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to the Conditions pursuant to 
Condition 4(h) to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis 
for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement required to be made in the circumstances described in Condition 4(h), where 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 4(h). 
The term "Extraordinary Resolution" is defined in the Agency Agreement to mean in effect, a 
resolution passed by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 66 2/3 per cent. of the votes cast 
at a meeting of the holders of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more 
Series). In addition, the Agency Agreement provides that either (i) a resolution in writing signed on behalf 
of the Noteholders of not less than 66 2/3 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes (or, as the case may

--- Page 185 ---
-167- 
be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) for the time being outstanding (whether such resolution 
in writing is contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed on behalf of 
one or more Noteholders) or (ii) consents given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
systems by or on behalf of Noteholders of not less than 66 2/3 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes 
(or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) for the time being outstanding will 
take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed will be binding on all Noteholders (or, as the case may be, 
the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) (whether or not they are present at such meeting or whether 
or not they signed a written resolution or consented electronically) and on all Couponholders relating to the 
relevant Notes. 
The Fiscal Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification to any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement or the Notes which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error. Any such modification shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders (or, as the case may be, the Notes or Coupons of the relevant one or 
more Series) and, if the Fiscal Agent so requires, shall be notified to the Noteholders (or, as the case may 
be, the holders of the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) as soon as practicable thereafter in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Condition 14, the prior written approval of the AMF is required to 
amend, or vary (i) the terms of any NVCC Subordinated Notes where such amendment or variation would 
affect the recognition of the NVCC Subordinated Notes as regulatory capital under capital adequacy 
requirements adopted by the AMF (including the AMF Guideline), or (ii) the terms of any Bail-inable Notes 
where such amendment or variation may affect the eligibility of the Notes as TLAC under the guidelines 
for TLAC that apply to the Federation (including the TLAC Guideline).  
15. Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be mutilated, defaced or destroyed or be lost or stolen, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in London (the "Replacement Agent") (or such other 
place as may be notified to the Noteholders), in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and 
the requirements of any stock exchange on which the Notes are listed, upon payment by the claimant of 
the expenses incurred by the Federation and the Replacement Agent in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, indemnity, security or otherwise as the Federation and the Replacement Agent may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
16. Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of three years 
from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 11) relating thereto. Any moneys paid by the Federation to 
the Fiscal Agent for the payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes and remaining unclaimed 
when the Notes or Coupons become void shall forthwith be repaid to the Federation and all liability with 
respect thereto shall thereupon cease. There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on 
exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this 
Condition 16 or Condition 8(d) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 8(d).

--- Page 186 ---
-168- 
17. Notices 
Notices to Holders of Definitive Bearer Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
daily newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). The 
Federation shall also ensure that notices are duly published in compliance with the requirements of each 
stock exchange or any other relevant authority on which the Notes are listed, including publication on the 
website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of first such publication (or, if required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers). Holders of Coupons will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to Holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that the rules of any relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant listing authority permit), so long as the Global Notes for this Series are 
held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper, as set out in the foregoing paragraphs of this Condition 17, the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders 
of the Notes of this Series. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes 
and related Coupons of this Series on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given to the Federation by any holder of the Notes of this Series shall be in writing and 
given by lodging the same, together with the relevant Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent. Whilst any of 
the Notes of this Series are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Note of this Series to the Fiscal Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
may approve for this purpose. 
18. Currency Indemnity 
Save as provided in Condition 8(h), if, under any applicable law and whether pursuant to a judgment 
being made or registered against the Federation or in the liquidation, insolvency or analogous process of 
the Federation or for any other reason, any payment under or in connection with the Notes is made or fails 
to be satisfied in a currency (the "other currency") other than that in which the relevant payment is 
expressed to be due (the "required currency") under the Notes, then, to the extent that the payment (when 
converted into the required currency at the rate of exchange on the date of payment or, if it is not practicable 
for the relevant Noteholder to purchase the required currency with the other currency on the date of 
payment, at the rate of exchange as soon thereafter as it is practicable for it to do so or, in the case of a 
liquidation, insolvency or analogous process at the rate of exchange on the latest date permitted by 
applicable law for the determination of liabilities in such liquidation, insolvency or analogous process) 
actually received by the relevant Noteholder falls short of the amount due under the terms of the Notes, the 
Federation shall, as a separate and independent obligation, indemnify and hold harmless the relevant 
Noteholder against the amount of such shortfall. For the purpose of this Condition 18, "rate of exchange" 
means the noon spot rate at which the relevant Noteholder is able, on the London foreign currency 
exchange market on the relevant date, to purchase the required currency with the other currency as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and shall take into account any premium and other reasonable cost 
of exchange.

--- Page 187 ---
-169- 
19. Further Issues 
The Federation shall be at liberty from time to time without notice to, or the consent of, the Noteholders 
or Couponholders to create and issue further Notes ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects 
save for the Issue Date, the Interest Commencement Date, the date and amount of the first payment of 
interest thereon and/or the Issue Price) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Notes.  
20. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, Senior Notes, NVCC Subordinated Notes, the Coupons and the Talons are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal 
laws of Canada applicable therein. 
Each holder or beneficial owner of an interest in a Bail-inable Note is deemed to attorn to the jurisdiction 
of the courts in the Province of Québec in Canada with respect to the Deposit Institutions Act, the Prescribed 
Debt Regulations and the other laws and regulations applicable in Québec with respect to the Bail-inable 
Notes, and the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect 
of the application of the Deposit Institutions Act, the Prescribed Debt Regulations and the other laws and 
regulations applicable in Québec with respect to the Bail-inable Notes, as provided for in Condition 3(c).

--- Page 188 ---
-170- 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR BEARER NOTES OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Bearer Notes other 
than Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UNITED KINGDOM MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("United Kingdom MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "United Kingdom MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[MiFID II / Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
                                                     
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 189 ---
-171- 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA.  Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "United 
Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be 
unlawful under the United Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 
289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the "SFA") – [In 
connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined the classification of the 
Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Singapore 
Monetary Authority (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]]3 
THE NOTES ARE NOT INSURED UNDER THE DEPOSIT INSTITUTIONS AND DEPOSIT PROTECTION 
ACT (QUÉBEC) OR THE CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION ACT.  
[THE NOTES (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS THEREIN) ARE (IN EACH CASE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART) 
SUBJECT TO CONVERSION INTO CONTRIBUTED CAPITAL SECURITIES OF THE FEDERATION, OF 
A DEPOSIT-TAKING INSTITUTION THAT IS PART OF THE GROUPE COOPÉRATIF DESJARDINS OR 
OF A LEGAL PERSON CONSTITUTED OR RESULTING FROM AN AMALGAMATION/CONTINUANCE 
OR OTHER CONVERSION CARRIED OUT FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE RESOLUTION OF THE 
FÉDÉRATION DES CAISSES DESJARDINS DU QUÉBEC BY THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS 
FINANCIERS (QUÉBEC) UNDER SECTION 40.50 OF THE DEPOSIT INSTITUTIONS AND DEPOSIT 
PROTECTION ACT (QUÉBEC) AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER (INCLUDING, 
AMONG OTHERS, THE REGULATION RESPECTING THE CLASSES OF NEGOTIABLE AND 
                                                     
 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to United Kingdom retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
3  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to 
the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 190 ---
-172- 
TRANSFERABLE UNSECURED DEBTS AND THE ISSUANCE OF SUCH DEBTS AND OF SHARES 
(QUÉBEC)).]4 
 
FINAL TERMS 
 
Final Terms dated [Signing Date of Issue] 
 
 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec 
(the "Issuer") 
LEI: 549300B2Q47IR0CR5B54 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
 
Under the €7,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Bearer Notes" (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2021 [and 
the supplemental Base Prospectus[es] dated [●] which [together] constitute[s] a Base Prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). As used herein, "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus is available on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com and such documents, together with all documents 
incorporated by reference therein, [is][are] available for viewing during normal business hours and upon 
reasonable notice at the office in London, England of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch and 
copies may be obtained from the offices of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec at 100, avenue 
des Commandeurs, Lévis, Québec, Canada G6V 7N5.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec dated 
21 December 2017 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2021 
which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. As used herein, 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
                                                     
 
4  
Include for Bail-inable Notes only.

--- Page 191 ---
-173- 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2021 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus[es] dated [●], which [together] constitute[s] a Base Prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the " Base Prospectus") in order to obtain all the relevant information. [The Base 
Prospectus is available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com and such documents, 
including all documents incorporated by reference therein, are available for viewing during normal business 
hours and upon reasonable notice at the office in London, England of The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch and copies may be obtained from Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec at 100, avenue 
des Commandeurs, Lévis, Québec, Canada G6V 7N5.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of the Series] on [ ] 
[the Issue Date] [exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [21] below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date ].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount [of Notes 
admitted to trading]: 
[ ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[ ] 
[Insert total nominal amount of outstanding Notes 
including the Tranche which is the subject of these Final 
Terms] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]

--- Page 192 ---
-174- 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: ** 
[ ] 
[Note – where multiple denominations above [ ] (or its 
equivalent) are being used, the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
 
[ ] [and integral multiples of [ ] in excess thereof up to 
and including [ ].] [No Definitive Bearer Notes will be 
issued with a denomination above [ 
].] 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition contained in Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued 
to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
[If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor] [Note 
– there must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. an Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example, Zero Coupon 
Notes) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[[ ][, subject to adjustment for payment day purposes 
only in accordance with the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention]] [Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [ ] [ ]]  
                                                     
 
** The minimum Specified Denomination of the Notes shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency).

--- Page 193 ---
-175- 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [subject to change as indicated 
in paragraph 10 below] 
[+/– [ ] percent Floating Rate] [subject to change as 
indicated in paragraph 10 below] 
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [  ] [and [  ]] and every [  ] 
anniversary thereafter Fixed Rate Reset] 
[[SONIA] [SOFR Observation Shift] [SOFR Index] [ ] 
Month [currency] EURIBOR] [ ] Month [currency]] 
[Zero Coupon Note] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph [13/14/15/16] 
below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes would be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [par] / [[ 
] per cent. of their 
nominal amount] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[[Not Applicable]  
[[Coupon Switch Option is applicable and the Coupon 
Switch Option Date is [  
]] / [Prior to Coupon 
Switch Option Date, paragraph [13/15] applies. On and 
following Coupon Switch Option Date, paragraph 
[13/15] applies] / [For these purposes and Condition 4(f): 
[Principal Financial Centre is [ 
 
]] 
/ 
[Notice 
Period is [ 
 
]] /[Additional Business Centres 
[ 
 
]]]] 
[Paragraph 13 applicable for the period from and 
including [ ] to but excluding [ ]] [Paragraph 15 applicable 
for the period from and including [ 
] 
to 
but 
excluding the Maturity Date] 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Noteholder Put Option] (Put Option not applicable to 
Bail-inable Notes or NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
[Issuer Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph [18/19] 
below)] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
(ii) 
Bail-inable Notes: 
[Senior Notes] [NVCC Subordinated Notes] 
[Yes] [No]  
(N.B. Bail-inable Notes can only be Senior Notes) 
 
(iii) 
Negative Covenant: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Negative Covenant may only be applicable to 
NVCC Subordinated Notes)

--- Page 194 ---
-176- 
 
(iv) 
Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[ ] [and, [ ], respectively]] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where new resolution is required for 
the particular Tranche of Notes (including NVCC 
Subordinated Notes)) 
 
(v) 
Automatic Conversion: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Automatic Conversion is only applicable to NVCC 
Subordinated Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- Multiplier: 
[    ] 
(Insert amount if different than 1.50 or otherwise delete) 
 
- Conversion Price: 
[C$10] 
(N.B. This will be C$10, unless the Federation provides 
written notice of a change to the par value of the Class 
Z Shares) 
 
- Prevailing Exchange Rate: 
[    ] 
 
- Specified Time: 
[    ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear] on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ 
]] in each year [up to and including the 
Maturity Date] [adjusted for payment day purposes only 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified in paragraph 13(iv) below] [adjusted for 
payment and interest accrual purposes in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention specified in 
paragraph 13(iv) below] 
 
 
(iii) 
Adjusted Fixed Interest 
Periods: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 195 ---
-177- 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
 
(applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form only. For Notes 
in global form, see Condition 
4(a) for calculation of interest) 
[[ ] per [ ] Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
(applicable to Notes issued in 
definitive form only. For Notes 
issued in global form, see 
Condition 4(a) for calculation 
of interest) 
[Not Applicable] [[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]] 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/Actual/360/Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
(See Condition 4(a) for definitions) 
(N.B. Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise agreed) 
 
(ix) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Not Applicable] [ 
 
] 
 
(x) 
Determination Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [[ ] in each year] 
(Insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of long or short first or 
last coupon. N.B. Only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
14. 
Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year [from and including [ ]] [until and 
excluding [ ]] 
 
 
(iii) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ]

--- Page 196 ---
-178- 
 
(iv) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Anniversary Date: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate: 
[[semi-annual] [annualised] [Mid-Swap Rate]] 
[Benchmark Gilt Rate] [Reference Bond] [CMT Rate] 
 
(viii)  
CMT Designated Maturity: 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix)  
CMT 
Reset 
Determination 
Time: 
 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Swap Rate Period: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Screen Page: 
[ICESWAP1]/[ICESWAP2]/[ICESWAP3]/[ICESWAP4]/ 
[ICESWAP5]/[ICESWAP6]/[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Fixed Leg: 
[[semi-annual]/[annual] 
calculated 
on 
a[n 
Actual/365]/[30/360]/[ 
 
] 
day 
count 
basis][Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[[3]/[6]/[  ]-month [EURIBOR]/[  ] rate calculated on an 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/360]/[  ] day count basis] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] in 
respect of the period from 
(and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(xvi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] [[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]] 
 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual / 365] 
[Actual / 365 (fixed)]   
[Actual / 360] 
[30 / 360] 
[30E / 360] 
[30E / 360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
 
(xviii) 
Determination Dates: 
[[  ] in each year/Not Applicable]

--- Page 197 ---
-179- 
 
(xix) 
Calculation Agent: 
[ ] 
 
(xx) 
Relevant Time: 
[11:00 a.m.]/[  ]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
First Reset Period Fallback: 
[ ] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph. Also consider whether EURIBOR, 
Compounded SOFR Rate or SONIA is the appropriate 
reference rate.) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/No 
Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination]  
 
(vii) 
Calculation 
Agent 
(responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s)) if not the 
Agent: 
[[ ] shall be the Calculation Agent]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [Compounded SOFR] [[] 
month 
[currency] 
[EURIBOR]] 
 
 
● 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] [Compounded Index Rate] 
[Not Applicable] (Only relevant to Floating Rate Notes 
that reference SONIA) [Observation Shift] [SOFR Index] 
(only relevant to Floating Rate Notes that reference 
SOFR)

--- Page 198 ---
-180- 
 
● 
Observation Method: 
[Lag] [Shift] [Not Applicable] (Only relevant to Floating 
Rate Notes that reference SONIA and apply the 
Calculation Method of Compounded Daily SONIA – see 
above) 
 
 
● 
SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[  ] [ Not Applicable] (If applicable, include definition of 
SONIA Compounded Index specifying any relevant 
Screen Page and its time of publication and including 
definition of the Screen Page) (Only relevant to Floating 
Rate Notes that reference SONIA and specify "Not 
Applicable" under Observation Method above) 
 
 
● 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
(Second TARGET2 Business Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the fifth (or other 
number specified under Observation Look-Back Period 
below, or in the case of SONIA where the Calculation 
Method is Compounded Index Rate, the Relevant 
Number below) London Banking Day prior to the end of 
each Interest Period if SONIA and the second (or other 
number specified under Observation Shift Period or 
SOFR 
Index 
Observation 
Period 
below) 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the end of 
each Interest Period if SOFR Observation Shift or SOFR 
Index, respectively) 
 
● 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
 
● 
Reference Banks: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Specified Time: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London] [Eurozone] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Principal 
Financial 
Centre: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]  
 
● 
Observation 
Look-
Back Period: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]  
(only relevant to SONIA where Compounded Daily 
SONIA is specified above)

--- Page 199 ---
-181- 
 
● 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[  ] (number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the Observation Shift Period) (only relevant to 
SOFR where Observation Shift is specified above) 
 
● 
SOFR 
Index 
Observation Period: 
[  ] (number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the SOFR Index Observation Period) (only 
relevant to SOFR where SOFR Index is specified above) 
 
● 
Relevant Number: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]  
(only relevant to SONIA where the Calculation Method 
is Compounded Index Rate.  Note that this defaults to 2 
if not included in the Final Terms.) 
 
● 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Provisions: 
[Condition 4(i) Applicable] [Condition 4(i) Not Applicable] 
(only relevant if Compounded SOFR Rate. If Condition 
4(i) not specified to be applicable, then the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions of Condition 4(h) will apply) 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
● 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] (Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions if 2021 ISDA Definitions are applied or that it 
is a Floating Rate Option subject to the ISDA IBORs 
Supplement if the 2006 Definitions are applied)) 
 
● 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] (This is not required when the 
Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option) 
 
● 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
● 
Compounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
- 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
Lookback: [[ ] Applicable Business Days]  
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days]

--- Page 200 ---
-182- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [ ] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[ ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
● 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
- 
Averaging 
Method: 
Averaging with Lookback 
[Lookback:] [[   ] Applicable Business Days]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift] 
[Observation Period Shift:] [[   ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [ ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[   ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [   ] Applicable Business 
Days] 
 
● 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [ ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [ ] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[● 
Daily Capped Rate 
and/or Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] [[    ]%] 
 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] [[    ]%]

--- Page 201 ---
-183- 
 
● 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (Only include where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
● 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
● 
Non-Representative: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
● 
[Successor 
Benchmark: 
[ ] Successor Benchmark Effective Date: [ ]] (Only 
include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)]] 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/−][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] [The Minimum Rate of Interest 
is as specified in Condition 4(b)(ii)(G)] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual / Actual] 
[Actual / 365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual / 365 (Sterling)]  
[Actual / 360] 
[30 / 360] 
[30E / 360] 
[30E / 360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 4(b)(iii) for definitions) 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Method: 
[Linear Accrual/Compounding Accrual] 
 
(ii) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[30 / 360][Actual / 360] 
[Actual / 365] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]

--- Page 202 ---
-184- 
 
(v) 
Determination Dates: 
[[ 
] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice period for Condition 5(b)(i): 
Minimum period: [30] [ ] days 
Maximum period: [60] [ ] days 
18. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] [The First Call Date shall fall on [  ]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Yes] [No] 
(If no, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] [ ] days 
Maximum period: [30] [ ] days 
(N.B.: If setting notice periods which are different than 
those provided in the Conditions, Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 business days' notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, between 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec and the 
Agent.) 
 
(v)  
Bail-inable Notes – TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(Specify as being Applicable or Not Applicable for Bail-
inable Notes, and as being Not Applicable for non Bail-
inable Notes)

--- Page 203 ---
-185- 
19. 
Noteholder Put Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) (Put Option not applicable to 
Bail-inable Notes or NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] [ ] days 
Maximum period: [30] [ ] days 
(N.B.: If setting notice periods which are different than 
those provided in the Conditions, Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 15 business days' notice for a put) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, between 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec and the 
applicable Agent.) 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[Par] / [[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for tax reasons[, upon 
the occurrence of a Special Event][, 
TLAC Disqualification Event] or on 
event of default: 
[As per Condition 5(e)] [ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note]

--- Page 204 ---
-186- 
23. 
New Global Note or Classic Global Note 
form: 
[New Global Note form] [Classic Global Note form] 
24. 
Payment Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) relating 
to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable] [ 
 
] 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
item 15(v) relates) 
26. 
Calculation 
Agent 
for 
purpose 
of 
Condition 8(h): 
[[ 
 
] shall be the Calculation Agent] [The 
entity appointed by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 8(h)]   
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
 
[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Duly Authorized

--- Page 205 ---
-187- 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) Listing/Admission to trading: [Application has been made by Fédération des caisses Desjardins 
du Québec (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to [the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin] and to trading on [the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin] with effect from [insert date].  
 
 
 
[Application will be made by Fédération des caisses Desjardins du 
Québec (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to [the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin] and to trading on [the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin] with effect from [insert date].] 
 
 
 
[Tranche[s] [ 
] of the Notes is already admitted to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin.] (To be completed in the case of a fungible 
issue.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses 
 
related to Admission to trading: [ ] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
 
[Not Applicable] [The [Senior/NVCC Subordinated] Notes to be 
issued [have been] [are expected to be] specifically rated: 
 
 
[S&P Canada: [ ]] 
 
 
[Moody's Canada: [ ]] 
 
 
[DBRS: [ ]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [ ]] 
 
 
[Any other Rating Agency: 
[ 
]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
[[insert credit rating agency] is established in the [European Union] 
[United Kingdom] and has applied for registration under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")] [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as  
such regulation is part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "United 
Kingdom CRA Regulation")], although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the relevant competent authority [and [insert name of credit rating 
agency] is not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the [European Securities and Markets Authority]

--- Page 206 ---
-188- 
[FCA] on its website in accordance with the [EU CRA Regulation] 
[United Kingdom CRA Regulation]].] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the [European 
Union] [United Kingdom] and is registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation")][ 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as such regulation 
is part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "United Kingdom 
CRA Regulation")]. [As such [Insert credit rating agency] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
[European Securities and Markets Authority] [FCA] on its website 
in accordance with the  [EU CRA Regulation]  [United Kingdom 
CRA Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union or United Kingdom and is not registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") nor EU CRA Regulation as such regulation is part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "United Kingdom CRA 
Regulation"). [Insert credit rating agency] is therefore not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority nor the FCA on their 
websites in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation or United 
Kingdom CRA Regulation.]] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union or United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No, 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU 
CRA Regulation") nor the EU CRA Regulation as is part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
("United 
Kingdom 
CRA 
Regulation"). The ratings [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
endorsed by [insert the name of the relevant EU or United 
Kingdom-registered credit rating agency] in accordance with the 
[EU CRA Regulation] [United Kingdom CRA Regulation]. [Insert 
the name of the relevant EU or United Kingdom-registered credit 
rating agency] is established in the [European Union] [United 
Kingdom] and registered under the [EU CRA Regulation] [United 
Kingdom CRA Regulation]. [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU or United Kingdom-registered credit rating agency 
entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the [European Securities and Markets Authority] [FCA] on its 
website in accordance with the  [EU CRA Regulation] [United 
Kingdom CRA Regulation] .] The [European Securities Markets

--- Page 207 ---
-189- 
Authority] 
[FCA] 
has 
indicated 
that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico (delete as appropriate)] which 
have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
European Union or United Kingdom credit rating agency entity that 
applied for registration] may be used in the [European Union] 
[United Kingdom] by the relevant market participants.]] 
 
[[insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union or the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under [(the "EU CRA Regulation")] [Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) as such regulation is part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"United 
Kingdom 
CRA 
Regulation")], but it is certified in accordance with such 
Regulation. [[EITHER:] and it is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the [European Securities and Markets 
Authority] [FCA] on its website in accordance with the [EU CRA 
Regulation] [United Kingdom CRA Regulation] [[OR:] although 
notification of the corresponding certification decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority and [insert 
credit rating agency] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the [European Securities and Markets 
Authority] [FCA] on its website in accordance with the [EU CRA 
Regulation] [United Kingdom CRA Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert name of credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") or such regulation as is part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal)  Act 2018 (the "United Kingdom CRA 
Regulation"). However, the application for registration under the  
[EU CRA Regulation] [United Kingdom CRA Regulation] of [insert 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
[European Union] [United Kingdom], disclosed the intention to 
endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant non-
European Union and non-United Kingdom credit rating agency 
entity][, although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [European Securities 
and Markets Authority] [FCA] and [insert name of credit rating 
agency] is not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the [European Securities and Markets Authority] 
[FCA] on its website in accordance with the [EU CRA Regulation] 
[United Kingdom CRA Regulation]]. The [European Securities 
Markets Authority] [FCA] has indicated that ratings issued in

--- Page 208 ---
-190- 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico (delete as appropriate)] which 
have been endorsed by [insert name of credit rating agency] may 
be used in the [European Union] [United Kingdom] by the relevant 
market participants.]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes 
of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:  
[●] 
[Save for any fees payable to the relevant [Managers/Dealers] and as described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions",] so far as Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has 
an interest material to the offer.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a Drawdown 
Prospectus in relation to the Tranche of Notes to be issued or, more generally, a Supplement to 
the Base Prospectus.)] [Not Applicable] 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
[As specified in the Base Prospectus] [The net proceeds from 
the issue of the Notes are intended, as of the Issue Date, to 
be applied [by the Issuer to the financing and/or refinancing, 
in whole or in part, of loans, investments or internal or external 
projects that fall within the scope of the [Green Assets Eligible 
Category] [and/or] [Social Assets Eligible Category] as 
outlined in the section of the Base Prospectus titled 
“Sustainable Bond Framework” (the “Eligible Assets”) and 
such Notes will therefore be Sustainable Notes [- Green 
Bonds] [- Social Bonds] [- Sustainability Bonds]] [its general 
corporate purposes] [●]] 
 
[See the sections of the Base Prospectus titled “Use of 
Proceeds” and “Sustainable Bond Framework” and the risk 
factor titled “Notes issued as “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” 
or “Sustainability Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for 
all investors seeking exposure to green, social or sustainable 
assets” for further information]

--- Page 209 ---
-191- 
 
(If the reason for the offer is different from Sustainable Notes 
or general corporate purposes, then such specific reason will 
need to be included here.)  
 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[  
 
 
 ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)  
ISIN: 
[ 
  
  
  
  
  
] 
(ii)  
Common Code:  
[ 
  
  
  
  
  
] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
 
 
[[ ] [include code], as updated as set out on] [See] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not 
Applicable] [Not Available] 
(iv)  
FISN: 
[[ ] [include code], as updated as set out on] [See] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN] [Not Applicable] [Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested as at the 
completion of the Final Terms, it/they should be specified to 
be "Not Applicable" while if it/they are not available as at the 
completion of the Final Terms, it/they should be specified to 
be "Not Available".) 
(v)  
WKN or any other relevant 
codes: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi)  
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment

--- Page 210 ---
-192- 
(viii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any) and 
if applicable a statement that it or they 
should be sole Paying Agent(s) for the 
Series: 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s) and address(es)] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the international central securities depositaries ("ICSDs") as 
Common Safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Notes are not eligible to be used as collateral in the 
Eurosystem as of April 2018) 
 
 
 7.  DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-Syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify date]

--- Page 211 ---
-193- 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable] [Specify names] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Specify name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S, Compliance Category 2]; [TEFRA C Rules 
apply] [TEFRA D Rules apply] [Excluded Transfer]  
(vii) 
Canadian Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Canadian Sales permitted] [Canadian Sales not permitted] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason, "Applicable" should be 
specified) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to United Kingdom retail investors for any other reason, 
"Applicable" should be specified) 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 212 ---
-194- 
 
8.  BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [  ] which [is/are] provided by [ 
]. As at [
 ], [ ] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[Bank of England] [Federal Reserve Bank of New York], as 
administrator of [SONIA] [SOFR], [does/do] not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation / the transitional provisions of Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [  ] 
[is/are] 
not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]]

--- Page 213 ---
-195- 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR BEARER NOTES THAT ARE EXEMPT NOTES  
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Bearer Notes 
that are Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
Notes in italics in this Form of Pricing Supplement are intended for reference purposes only, will not appear 
in actual Pricing Supplement documents and are not binding on the Issuer. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR THE 
ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included.]] 
 
[UNITED KINGDOM MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – [appropriate target 
market legend to be included.]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[MiFID II / Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or [(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation").]1 Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
                                                     
 
1  
To be deleted If specified denomination is more than € 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 214 ---
-196- 
EUWA; [or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA.]3  
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "United 
Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be 
unlawful under the United Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation. ]4 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 
289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the "SFA") – [In 
connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined the classification of the 
Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Singapore 
Monetary Authority (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]]5  
 
THE NOTES ARE NOT INSURED UNDER THE DEPOSIT INSTITUTIONS AND DEPOSIT PROTECTION 
ACT (QUÉBEC) OR THE CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION ACT.  
[THE NOTES (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS THEREIN) ARE (IN EACH CASE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART) 
SUBJECT TO CONVERSION INTO CONTRIBUTED CAPITAL SECURITIES OF THE FEDERATION, OF 
A DEPOSIT-TAKING INSTITUTION THAT IS PART OF THE GROUPE COOPÉRATIF DESJARDINS OR 
OF A LEGAL PERSON CONSTITUTED OR RESULTING FROM AN AMALGAMATION/CONTINUANCE 
OR OTHER CONVERSION CARRIED OUT FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE RESOLUTION OF THE 
FÉDÉRATION DES CAISSES DESJARDINS DU QUÉBEC BY THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS 
FINANCIERS (QUÉBEC) UNDER SECTION 40.50 OF THE DEPOSIT INSTITUTIONS AND DEPOSIT 
PROTECTION ACT (QUÉBEC) AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER (INCLUDING, 
AMONG OTHERS, THE REGULATION RESPECTING THE CLASSES OF NEGOTIABLE AND 
TRANSFERABLE UNSECURED DEBTS AND THE ISSUANCE OF SUCH DEBTS AND OF SHARES 
(QUÉBEC)).] 6 
 
                                                     
 
3  
To be deleted If specified denomination is more than € 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
4  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to United Kingdom retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
5  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to 
the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
6  
Include for Bail-inable Notes only.

--- Page 215 ---
-197- 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
 
Pricing Supplement dated [Signing Date of Issue] 
 
 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec 
(the "Issuer") 
 
LEI: 549300B2Q47IR0CR5B54 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] (the "Notes") 
 
Under the €7,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer in a Relevant Member State of the Notes may only do so 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorized, nor do they authorize, the making of any offer of Notes in 
any other circumstances. 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2021 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus[es] dated ●] (the "Base Prospectus").7  
 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus and in the 
event of inconsistency between the Conditions in the Base Prospectus and any terms and conditions 
specified in this Pricing Supplement, the Terms and Conditions in this Pricing Supplement shall prevail. 
Reference in the Conditions to the "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be references to the terms set out 
below. The Base Prospectus is available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com and 
such documents, together with all documents incorporated by reference therein, [is][are] available for 
viewing during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice at the office in London, England of The 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch and copies may be obtained from the offices of Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec at 100, avenue des Commandeurs, Lévis, Québec, Canada G6V 7N5.] 
                                                     
 
7  
Only include details of a supplemental Base Prospectus in which the Conditions have been amended for the purposes of 
all issues under the Programme.

--- Page 216 ---
-198- 
 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus/Listing Particulars with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec dated 
21 December 2017 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2021.  
 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus[es] 
dated ●]8 (the "Base Prospectus").9 [Full information on Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the 
Base Prospectus and in the event of any inconsistency between the Terms and Conditions in the Base 
Prospectus of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec dated 21 December 2017 and any terms and 
conditions specified in this Pricing Supplement, the terms and conditions in this Pricing Supplement shall 
prevail. Reference in the Conditions to the "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be references to the terms set 
out below. The Base Prospectus, including all documents incorporated by reference therein, are available 
for viewing during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice at the office in London, England of 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch and copies may be obtained from Fédération des caisses 
Desjardins du Québec at 100, avenue des Commandeurs, Lévis, Québec, Canada G6V 7N5.] 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of the Series] on [ 
] [the Issue Date] [exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [24] below [which is expected 
to occur on or about [insert date ].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
                                                     
 
8  
Only include details of a supplemental Base Prospectus in which the Conditions have been amended for the purposes of 
all issues under the Programme. 
9  
Only include details of a supplemental Prospectus in which the Conditions have been amended for the purposes of all 
issues under the Programme.

--- Page 217 ---
-199- 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[ ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[ ] 
[Insert total nominal amount of outstanding Notes 
including the Tranche which is the subject of this 
Pricing Supplement 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations:  
[ ] 
[Note – where multiple denominations above [ ] (or its 
equivalent) are being used, the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
 
[ ] [and integral multiples of [ ] in excess thereof up to 
and including [ ].] [No Definitive Bearer Notes will be 
issued with a denomination above [ 
].] 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition contained in Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued 
to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
[If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor] [Note 
– there must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. an Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example, Zero Coupon 
Notes)

--- Page 218 ---
-200- 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
 [[ ][, subject to adjustment for payment day purposes 
only in accordance with the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]] [Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [ ] [ ]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[SONIA] [SOFR Observation Shift] [SOFR Index] [[ ] 
Month [currency] EURIBOR / Other (specify reference 
rate)]  
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [subject to change as 
indicated in paragraph 10 below] 
[+/– [ ] percent Floating Rate] [subject to change as 
indicated in paragraph 10 below] 
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [  ] [and [  ]] and every [  ] 
anniversary thereafter Fixed Rate Reset] 
[Zero Coupon Note] 
[Index Linked Interest Note] 
[Dual Currency Interest Note] 
[Other (specify)] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
[13/14/15/16/17/18] below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes would be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [par] / [[ 
] per cent. of their 
nominal amount]] 
[Index Linked Redemption Note] 
[Dual Currency Redemption Note] 
[Partly Paid Note] 
[Instalment Note] 
[Other (specify)] 
 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[[Not Applicable]  
[[Coupon Switch Option is applicable and the Coupon 
Switch Option Date is [  
]] / [Prior to Coupon 
Switch Option Date, paragraph [13/15] applies. On and 
following Coupon Switch Option Date, paragraph 
[13/15] applies] / [For these purposes and Condition 
4(f): 
[Principal Financial Centre is [ 
 
]] 
/ 
[Notice 
Period is [ 
 
]] 
/[Additional 
Business 
Centres [ 
 
]]]] 
[Paragraph 13 applicable for the period from and 
including [ ] to but excluding [ ]] [Paragraph 15 
applicable for the period from and including [ 
] 
to 
but excluding the Maturity Date]

--- Page 219 ---
-201- 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility of 
Notes into another interest basis] 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Noteholder Put Option] (Put Option not applicable to 
Bail-inable Notes or NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
[Issuer Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph [20/21] 
below)] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes] [NVCC Subordinated Notes]  
 
(ii)         Bail-inable Notes: 
[Yes] [No] 
(N.B. Bail-inable Notes can only be Senior Notes) 
 
(iii) 
Negative Covenant: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Negative Covenant may only be applicable to 
NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
 
(iv) 
Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[ ] [and, [ ], respectively]] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where new resolution is required for 
the particular Tranche of Notes (including NVCC 
Subordinated Notes)) 
 
(v) 
Automatic Conversion: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Automatic Conversion is only applicable to NVCC 
Subordinated Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- Multiplier: 
[    ] 
(Insert amount if different than 1.50 or otherwise delete) 
 
- Conversion Price: 
[C$10] 
(N.B. This will be C$10, unless the Federation provides 
written notice of a change to the par value of the Class 
Z Shares) 
 
- Prevailing Exchange Rate: [    ] 
 
- Specified Time: 
[    ]

--- Page 220 ---
-202- 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear] on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ 
]] in each year [up to and including the 
Maturity Date] [adjusted for payment day purposes only 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified in paragraph 13(iv) below] [adjusted for 
payment and interest accrual purposes in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention specified in 
paragraph 13(iv) below] 
 
 
(iii) 
Adjusted 
Fixed 
Interest 
Periods: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
 
(applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form only. For Notes 
in global form, see Condition 
4(a) for calculation of interest) 
[[ ] per [ ] Calculation Amount] [Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product 
of the Interest Rate and the Calculation Amount by the 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest [HK$0.01 / HK$0.005] being rounded 
upwards] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
(applicable to Notes issued in 
definitive form only. For Notes 
issued in global form, see 
Condition 4(a) for calculation 
of interest) 
[Not Applicable] [[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]] 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/Actual/360/Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
(See Condition 4(a) for definitions) 
(N.B. Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise agreed)

--- Page 221 ---
-203- 
 
(ix) 
Determination Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [[ ] in each year] 
(Insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of long or short first or 
last coupon. N.B. Only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(x)  
Calculation Agent: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
14. 
 
Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year [from and including [ ]] [until and 
excluding [ ]] 
 
 
(iii) 
First Reset Date: 
[ 
]  
 
(iv) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Anniversary Date: 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[ 
]  
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate: 
[[semi-annual] [annualised] [Mid-Swap Rate]] 
[Benchmark Gilt Rate] [Reference Bond] [CMT Rate] 
 
(viii)  
CMT Designated Maturity: 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix)  
CMT Reset Determination 
Time: 
 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Swap Rate Period: 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Screen Page: 
[ICESWAP1]/[ICESWAP2]/[ICESWAP3]/[ICESWAP4]/ 
[ICESWAP5]/[ICESWAP6]/[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Fixed Leg: 
[[semi-annual]/[annual] 
calculated 
on 
a[n 
Actual/365]/[30/360]/[ 
 
] 
day 
count 
basis][Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 222 ---
-204- 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[[3]/[6]/[  ]-month [EURIBOR/[  ] rate calculated on an 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/360]/[  ] day count basis]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] in 
respect of the period from 
(and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to 
(but 
excluding) 
the 
First 
Reset Date: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(xvi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] [[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]] 
 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual / 365] 
[Actual / 365 (fixed)]   
[Actual / 360] 
[30 / 360] 
[30E / 360] 
[30E / 360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
 
(xviii) 
Determination Dates: 
[[  ] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(ixx) 
Calculation Agent: 
[ ] 
 
(xx) 
Relevant Time: 
[11:00 a.m.]/[  ]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
First Reset Period Fallback: 
[ ] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph. Also consider whether EURIBOR, 
Compounded SOFR Rate or SONIA is the appropriate 
reference rate.) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[ ]

--- Page 223 ---
-205- 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/No 
Adjustment/ Other (give details)] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination] 
(give details) 
 
(vii) 
Calculation 
Agent 
(responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s)) if not the 
Agent: 
[[ ] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [Compounded SOFR] [[] 
month 
[currency] 
[EURIBOR]  
[ 
 
]] 
 
● 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] [Compounded Index Rate] 
[Not Applicable] (Only relevant to Floating Rate Notes 
that reference SONIA) [Observation Shift] [SOFR 
Index] (only relevant to Floating Rate Notes that 
reference SOFR) 
 
 
● 
Observation Method: 
[Lag] [Shift] [Not Applicable] (Only relevant to Floating 
Rate Notes that reference SONIA and apply the 
Calculation Method of Compounded Daily SONIA – see 
above) 
 
 
● 
SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] (If applicable, include 
definition of SONIA Compounded Index specifying any 
relevant Screen Page and its time of publication and 
definition of Screen Page) (Only relevant to Floating 
Rate Notes that reference SONIA and specify "Not 
Applicable" under Observation Method above)

--- Page 224 ---
-206- 
 
● 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
(Second TARGET2 Business Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the fifth (or other 
number specified under Observation Look-Back Period 
below, or in the case of SONIA where the Calculation 
Method is Compounded Index Rate, the Relevant 
Number below) London Banking Day prior to the end of 
each Interest Period if SONIA and the second (or other 
number specified under Observation Shift Period or 
SOFR 
Index 
Observation 
Period 
below) 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the end 
of each Interest Period if SOFR Observation Shift or 
SOFR Index, respectively) 
 
● 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
 
● 
Reference Banks: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Specified Time: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London] [Eurozone] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Principal 
Financial 
Centre: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Observation 
Look-
Back Period: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]  
(only relevant to SONIA where Compounded Daily 
SONIA  is specified above) 
 
● 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[  ] (number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the Observation Shift Period) (only relevant to 
SOFR where Observation Shift is specified above) 
 
● 
SOFR 
Index 
Observation Period: 
[  ] (number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the SOFR Index Observation Period) (only 
relevant to SOFR where SOFR Index is specified 
above) 
 
● 
Relevant Number: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]  
(only relevant to SONIA where the Calculation Method 
is Compounded Index Rate.  Note that this defaults to 
2 if not included in the Final Terms.))

--- Page 225 ---
-207- 
 
● 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Provisions: 
[Condition 
4(i) 
Applicable] 
[Condition 
4(i) 
Not 
Applicable] 
(only relevant if Compounded SOFR Rate. If Condition 
4(i) not specified to be applicable, then the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions of Condition 4(i) will apply) 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
● 
Floating Rate Option: [ ] (Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions if 2021 ISDA Definitions are applied or that 
it is a Floating Rate Option subject to the ISDA IBORs 
Supplement if the 2006 Definitions are applied)) 
 
● 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] (This is not required when the 
Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option) 
 
● 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
● 
Compounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
- 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
Lookback: [[ ] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [  ] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[ ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
● 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
- 
Averaging 
Method: 
Averaging with Lookback  
[Lookback:] [[   ] Applicable Business Days]]

--- Page 226 ---
-208- 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
[Observation Period Shift:] [[   ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [  
]] [Not Applicable] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[   ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [  ] Applicable Business 
Days] 
 
● 
Index Provisions: 
 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [  ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [  ] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[● 
Daily Capped Rate 
and/or Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable]  [Not Applicable]  (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
[Daily Capped Rate:] [[    ]%] 
 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] [[    ]%] 
 
● 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (Only include where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
● 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
● 
Non-Representative: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply)

--- Page 227 ---
-209- 
 
● 
[Successor 
Benchmark: 
[ ] Successor Benchmark Effective Date: [ ]] (Only 
include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)]] 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/−][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] [The Minimum Rate of Interest 
is as specified in Condition 4(b)(ii)(G)] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual / Actual] 
[Actual / 365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual / 365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual / 360] 
[30 / 360] 
[30E / 360] 
[30E / 360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 4(b)(iii) for definitions) 
 
(xv) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other 
terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest on 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes, 
if 
different from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
[ 
] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Method: 
[Linear Accrual/Compounding Accrual] 
 
(ii) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining "Amortised Face 
Amount" (as described in 
Condition 
5(e)) 
or 
other 
amounts payable: 
[ ]

--- Page 228 ---
-210- 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[30 / 360] 
[Actual / 360] 
[Actual / 365] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
[Other (specify)] 
 
(v) 
Determination Dates: 
[[ 
 
 
] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
17. 
Index-Linked Interest Note / other 
variable-linked 
interest 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Formula/other variable: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(ii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s)): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculated by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula and/or other variable: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iv) 
Determination Date(s): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(v) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula and/or other variable 
is impossible or impracticable 
or otherwise disrupted: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(vi) 
Interest or Interest Period(s): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(vii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(viii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention / 
other (give details)] 
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate / Amount of 
Interest: 
[ 
 
] [per cent.] per annum

--- Page 229 ---
-211- 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate / Amount of 
Interest: 
[ 
 
] [per cent.] per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ 
 
]  
18. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(ii) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions applicable where 
calculation by reference to 
Rate of Exchange impossible 
or impracticable: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iv) 
Person 
to 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[ 
 
] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Notice period for Condition 5(b)(i): 
Minimum period: [30] [ ] days 
Maximum period: [60] [ ] days 
20. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] [The First Call Date shall fall on [  ]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and/or the method 
of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from 
that set out in the Conditions): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [ 
 
] 
 
(iii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Yes] [No] 
(If no, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 230 ---
-212- 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] [ ] days 
Maximum period: [30] [ ] days 
(N.B.: If setting notice periods which are different than 
those provided in the Conditions, Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 business days' notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, between 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec and the 
Agent.) 
 
(v)  
Bail-inable Notes – TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Specify as being Applicable or Not Applicable for Bail-
inable Notes, and as being Not Applicable for non Bail-
inable Notes) 
 
21. 
Noteholder Put Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) (Put Option not applicable to Bail-
inable Notes or NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and/or the method 
of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from 
that set out in the Conditions): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [ 
 
]

--- Page 231 ---
-213- 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] [ ] days 
Maximum period: [30] [ ] days 
(N.B.: If setting notice periods which are different than 
those provided in the Conditions, Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 15 business days' notice for a 
put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, between 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec and the 
applicable Agent.) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[Par] / [[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
In cases where the Final Redemption 
Amount is Index-Linked or other 
variable-linked: 
 
 
(i) 
Index/Formula/other variable: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(ii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Agent): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining 
Final Redemption Amount 
where 
calculated 
by 
reference to Index and/or 
Formula 
and/or 
other 
variable: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iv) 
Determination Date(s): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(v) 
Provisions for determining 
Final Redemption Amount 
where 
calculation 
by 
reference to Index and/or 
Formula and/or other variable 
is impossible or impracticable 
or otherwise disrupted: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(vi) 
Payment Date: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(vii) 
Minimum Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
 
]

--- Page 232 ---
-214- 
 
(viii) 
Maximum Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
 
] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for tax reasons[, upon 
the occurrence of a Special Event] [, 
TLAC Disqualification Event] or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[As per Condition 5(e)] [[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
[other (specify form of the Notes)] 
25. 
New Global Note or Classic Global 
Note form: 
[New Global Note form] [Classic Global Note form] 
26. 
Payment Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) relating 
to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable] [give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
item 15(v) relates) 
28. 
Calculation Agent for purpose of 
Condition 8(h): 
[[ 
 
] shall be the Calculation Agent] [The 
entity appointed by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 8(h)]

--- Page 233 ---
-215- 
29. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising 
the Issue Price and date on which 
each payment is to be made and 
consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer 
to forfeit the Notes and interest due on 
late payment: 
[Not Applicable] [ 
 
] 
30. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable] [ 
 
] 
31. 
Other terms and conditions 
[Not Applicable] [Insert new terms and conditions or 
amend or replace Terms and Conditions in the 
applicable Base Prospectus] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec accepts responsibility for the information contained 
in the Base Prospectus and this Pricing Supplement. 
Signed on behalf of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec: 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Duly Authorized

--- Page 234 ---
-216- 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION* 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) Listing/Admission to trading: [ 
 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses 
 
related to Admission to trading: [ ] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
 
The [Senior/NVCC Subordinated] Notes to be issued [have been] 
[have not been] [are expected to be] specifically rated: 
 
 
[S&P Canada: [ ]] 
 
 
[Moody's Canada: [ ]] 
 
 
[DBRS: [ ]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [ ]] 
 
 
[Any other Rating Agency: 
[ 
]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
[As specified in the Base Prospectus] [The net proceeds from 
the issue of the Notes are intended, as of the Issue Date, to 
be applied [by the Issuer to the financing and/or refinancing, 
in whole or in part, of loans, investments or internal or external 
projects that fall within the scope of the [Green Assets Eligible 
Category] [and/or] [Social Assets Eligible Category] as 
outlined in the section of the Base Prospectus titled 
“Sustainable Bond Framework” (the “Eligible Assets”) and 
such Notes will therefore be Sustainable Notes [- Green 
Bonds] [- Social Bonds] [- Sustainability Bonds]] [its general 
corporate purposes] [●]] 
 
[See the sections of the Base Prospectus titled “Use of 
Proceeds” and “Sustainable Bond Framework” and the risk 
factor titled “Notes issued as “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” 
or “Sustainability Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for 
                                                     
 
* Certain items may not be required to be completed, including items 3 and 4.

--- Page 235 ---
-217- 
all investors seeking exposure to green, social or sustainable 
assets” for further information]  
 
(If the reason for the offer is different from Sustainable Notes 
or general corporate purposes, then such specific reason will 
need to be included here.)  
 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses: 
[ ] ] 
 
  
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:  
[●] 
[Save for any fees payable to the relevant [Managers/Dealers] and as described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions",] so far as Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has 
an interest material to the offer.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a Drawdown 
Prospectus in relation to the Tranche of Notes to be issued or, more generally, a Supplement to 
the Base Prospectus.)] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[  
 
 
 ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)  
ISIN: 
[ 
  
  
  
  
  
] 
(ii)  
Common Code:  
[ 
  
  
  
  
  
] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
 
 
[[ ] [include code], as updated as set out on] [See] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not 
Applicable] [Not Available]

--- Page 236 ---
-218- 
(iv)  
FISN: 
[[ ] [include code], as updated as set out on] [See] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN] [Not Applicable] [Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested as at the 
completion of the Final Terms, it/they should be specified to 
be "Not Applicable" while if it/they are not available as at the 
completion of the Final Terms, it/they should be specified to 
be "Not Available".) 
(v)  
WKN or any other relevant 
codes: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]    
  
  
  
  
 
(vi)  
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
(viii)  
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any) and if applicable a 
statement that it or they 
should 
be 
sole 
Paying 
Agent(s) for the Series: 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s) and address(es)] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the international central securities depositaries ("ICSDs") as 
Common Safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be

--- Page 237 ---
-219- 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Notes are not eligible to be used as collateral in the 
Eurosystem as of April 2018) 
 
 
 7.  DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-Syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify date] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable] [Specify names] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Specify name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S, Compliance Category 2]; [TEFRA C Rules 
apply] [TEFRA D Rules apply] [Excluded Transfer]  
(vii) 
Canadian Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Canadian Sales permitted] [Canadian Sales not permitted] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason , "Applicable" should be 
specified)

--- Page 238 ---
-220- 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to United Kingdom retail investors for any other reason , 
"Applicable" should be specified) 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
(xi) 
Additional or amended Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] [Give details] 
(xii) 
Additional tax disclosure: 
[Not Applicable] [Give details] 
 
[8. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURE] 
[Costs and charges disclosure: 
[ 
 
] [ 
 
]]

--- Page 239 ---
-221- 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE REGISTERED NOTES  
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Registered Notes (each a "Condition") which, as 
completed by the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, as 
completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the provisions of the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, and, if required, simplified by deletion of non applicable provisions, will be attached to, 
endorsed on or incorporated by reference into each global Note and definitive Note. The applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement (or in either case the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed on, or attached to, each global Registered Note and each definitive Note. All 
capitalized terms that are not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement or, as the case may be, the 
Drawdown Prospectus.  
The Terms and Conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Terms and Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to 
the extent described in such Drawdown Prospectus and, in such circumstances, as endorsed on, or 
attached to, or incorporated by reference into the relevant global Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series of Notes issued by Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec (the 
"Federation" or the "Issuer"). References herein to the "Notes" shall mean with respect to the Notes of 
this Series (as defined herein) (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), 
units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; (ii) any definitive Notes in registered 
form ("Definitive Registered Notes") whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Note issued in 
registered form (a "Global Registered Note"); (iii) any Global Registered Note issued subject to, and with 
the benefit of, an Amended and Restated Fiscal Agency Agreement dated 20 December 2021 (as further 
amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof; the "Registered Notes 
Agency Agreement") made between the Issuer, Desjardins Florida Branch, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch, as fiscal agent (the "Registered Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any 
successor appointed in accordance with the Registered Notes Agency Agreement), as transfer agent 
(the "Transfer Agent") and as European Paying Agent (the "European Paying Agent"), The Bank of New 
York SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as European Registrar (the "European Registrar"), The Bank Of New 
York Mellon as U.S. registrar (the "U.S. Registrar" and, together with the European Registrar, the 
"Registrars" and each individually, a "Registrar"), as U.S. Exchange Agent (the "U.S. Exchange Agent") 
and as U.S. paying agent (the "U.S. Paying Agent" and, together with the European Paying Agent, 
the "Registered Notes Paying Agents", which expressions shall each include any successor appointed in 
accordance with the Registered Notes Agency Agreement. In addition to Registered Notes issuable under 
these Terms and Conditions for Registered Notes (the "Terms and Conditions"), the Issuer may also issue 
Notes in bearer form under an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 20 December 2021 (as 
further amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, the "Bearer Note 
Agency Agreement") made between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as issuing 
and principal paying agent (the "Bearer Fiscal Agent," which expression shall include any successor 
appointed in accordance with the Bearer Notes Agency Agreement) and the other paying agents named 
therein (the "Bearer Notes Paying Agents", which expression shall include the Bearer Fiscal Agent), and 
together with the Registered Note Paying Agents, the "Paying Agents" and each individually, a "Paying 
Agent"), which expressions shall each include any successor appointed in accordance with the Registered 
Notes Agency Agreement.

--- Page 240 ---
-222- 
The term "Agency Agreement" when used herein shall mean the Registered Notes Agency 
Agreement. The term "Fiscal Agent" when used herein means the Registered Fiscal Agent. As used 
herein, "Series" means all Notes which are issued in the same form, denominated in the same currency 
and which have the same "Maturity Date", being a date on which Notes, other than Notes bearing interest 
on a floating rate basis ("Floating Rate Notes"), will be redeemed (unless previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled), or in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the month and year in which the Notes 
will be redeemed (unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled), as the case may be, interest 
and/or payment basis ("Interest/Payment Basis") and interest payment dates (if any) (all as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) and the terms of which 
(save for the date on which the Notes will be issued ("Issue Date"), the date from which the Notes, if 
interest-bearing, bear interest ("Interest Commencement Date"), the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and/or the price at which the Notes will be issued ("Issue Price") are otherwise identical; 
and the expressions "Notes of the relevant Series" and "holders of Notes of the relevant Series" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. As used herein, "Tranche" means all Notes of the same 
Series with the same Issue Date, the terms of which are identical in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of more than one denomination. The Issuer may create and issue additional Tranches in 
accordance with Condition 19. 
The final terms and conditions (or the relevant provisions thereof) applicable to this Tranche of Notes 
are set forth in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or endorsed on the Note which completes these Terms 
and Conditions or, if the Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (an "Exempt Note"), the final terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Pricing Supplement attached to or endorsed hereon which 
supplement these Terms and Conditions and which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the Terms and Conditions for the purposes 
of this Note. References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to, endorsed on or incorporated by reference into the Note. References to the 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" are, unless otherwise stated, to the Pricing Supplement (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on the Note and any references in these Terms and Conditions 
to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to the "applicable Pricing Supplement" 
in the case of a Tranche of Exempt Notes. 
The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders", which expression shall, in relation to any Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided in Condition 1) are deemed to have notice of, and 
are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
which are binding on them. 
A copy of the Agency Agreement (which contains the form of Final Terms) is available for inspection 
during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice at the principal office of the Fiscal Agent in New 
York and London, England. A copy of the Agency Agreement is available for collection without charge from 
the registered office of the Federation in Lévis, Québec, Canada. Copies of the applicable Final Terms can 
be viewed at the registered offices of the Issuer or the specified offices of the European Paying Agent, save 
that Pricing Supplements may only be viewed by a Noteholder on production of evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext 
Dublin”), the Final Terms can be viewed on the website of Euronext Dublin. If a Note is not so listed but it

--- Page 241 ---
-223- 
is not an Exempt Note, the Final Terms can be viewed on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com as the competent authority of the home member state for such Notes. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires 
or unless otherwise stated. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
1. Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes of this Series are issuable in registered form ("Registered Notes") in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denominations and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note other than an Exempt Note will be at least €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in any currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such 
other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Specified Currency. None of the Specified 
Denominations will be exchangeable for any other Specified Denominations.  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes only, the 
minimum Specified Denomination for (i) Registered Notes offered under Rule 144A (as defined below) only 
shall be not less than US$200,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and (ii) Registered Notes offered 
under Rule 144A and Regulation S (as defined below) shall be not less than US$200,000 (or an amount in 
a Specified Currency that is not U.S. dollars, which is not less than €100,000 or the equivalent thereof at 
the date of issue of the Notes). 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, 
if Specified Denominations are expressed as such, the Notes shall be tradeable only in nominal amounts 
of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified 
Denomination) specified in the applicable Final Terms and (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) higher integral multiples of at least 1,000 in the relevant currency as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Integral Amount").  
Unless this is an Exempt Note, this Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Rate Reset Note, a Floating 
Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or any appropriate combination thereof, depending upon the 
Interest/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Rate Reset Note, a Floating 
Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or any other type of 
Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment 
Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 242 ---
-224- 
This Note is a Senior Note (which may be a Bail-inable Note (as defined below)) or a NVCC 
Subordinated Note depending upon the Status of the Notes indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject as set out below, title to Registered Notes will pass by due endorsement in the relevant register. 
The Federation shall procure that the Fiscal Agent keep a register or registers in which shall be entered the 
names and addresses of the Holders of Registered Notes and particulars of the Registered Notes held by 
them. Such registration shall be noted on the Registered Notes by the Fiscal Agent. Except as required by 
applicable law or regulatory requirement, the Federation, the Fiscal Agent and any Paying Agent may deem 
and treat the registered holder or holders of Registered Notes in the relevant Register as the absolute 
owner or owners thereof for all purposes whatsoever notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. 
Any reference herein to "Noteholders", "holder of Notes" and related expressions means the 
several persons who are for the time being holders of outstanding Registered Notes (being, the registered 
owners thereof as reflected in the relevant registers), except that for so long as any of the Registered Notes 
are represented by a Global Note, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of The 
Depository Trust Company ("DTC") and/or Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") as the holder of a particular principal amount of such 
Registered Notes (a "Relevant Account Holder") (other than Clearstream, Luxembourg if Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall be an account holder of Euroclear and other than Euroclear if Euroclear shall be an 
account holder of Clearstream, Luxembourg) (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
DTC and/or Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Registered Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes except in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Federation, the Fiscal Agent and any Paying Agent as a holder of 
such principal amount of such Registered Notes for all purposes other than for the payment of principal, 
premium (if any) and interest on such Securities, the right to which shall be vested, as against the 
Federation and the Fiscal Agent, solely in the person in whose name the Global Registered Note is 
registered. Similar rights as those made available to Relevant Account Holders in the preceding sentences 
may be made available to Relevant Account Holders in other relevant clearing systems as more fully 
provided in the Final Terms.  
References to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC shall, whenever the context so permits, 
except in relation to Registered Notes held under the New Safekeeping Structure for registered global 
securities, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as may otherwise be approved by the Federation and the Fiscal Agent. 
 
2. Transfer of Registered Notes 
A Registered Note may, upon the terms and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Agency 
Agreement and as required by law, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part is a 
Specified Denomination specified in the Final Terms) upon the surrender of the Registered Note to be 
transferred, together with a form of transfer duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent. A new Registered Note will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part 
only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued 
to the transferor. 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the registration of the transfer of a Registered Note will, 
within three Relevant Banking Days of the transfer date be available for collection by each relevant Holder

--- Page 243 ---
-225- 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or, at the option of the Holder requesting such transfer, be mailed 
(by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder(s) entitled thereto) to such address(es) as may be specified by 
such Holder. For these purposes, a form of transfer received by the Fiscal Agent after the applicable Record 
Date in respect of any payment due in respect of Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively 
received by the Fiscal Agent until the day following the due date for such payment. 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Rule 144A Global Notes (as defined herein) and Regulation S Global 
Notes (as defined herein) will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems 
acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. The laws of some States within 
the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. 
Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Global Registered Note to such persons may 
depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can 
only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a Global Registered Note accepted by 
DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise 
take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form. A beneficial interest in a Global Registered Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Definitive Registered Notes or for a beneficial 
interest in another Global Registered Note only in the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable 
Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Global Registered Note registered in the 
name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Global Registered Note, in whole but not 
in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
Subject as otherwise provided in this Condition 2, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth 
in the Agency Agreement, a Definitive Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part in the 
authorized denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms. In order to effect any such transfer (a) the 
holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any Transfer 
Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their, 
attorney or attorneys duly authorized in writing, and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as 
may be required by the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent, and (b) the Fiscal 
Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. 
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may 
from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in the Agency Agreement). 
Subject as provided above, the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, 
within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) 
of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with, any applicable fiscal or other laws 
or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office 
to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address as the transferee

--- Page 244 ---
-226- 
may request, a new Definitive Registered Note of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Definitive 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) transferred. 
In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note 
in respect of the balance of the Definitive Registered Note not transferred will (in addition to the new 
Definitive Registered Note in respect of the nominal amount transferred) be so authenticated and delivered 
or (at the risk of the transferor) so sent by uninsured mail to the address specified by the transferor.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
(a) 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche of Notes, as certified by the relevant 
Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant Lead Manager (in the case 
of a syndicated issue);  
(b) 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
(c) 
"Registered Notes" means Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by 
a Global Registered Note and whether a Regulation S Global Note or a Rule 144A Global 
Note); 
(d) 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
(e) 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Global Registered Note representing Registered 
Notes sold outside the United States and to or for the account of non-U.S. persons (within 
the meaning of Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S; 
(f) 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the place where the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
is located; 
(g) 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
(h) 
"Rule 144A Global Note" means a Global Registered Note representing Registered Notes 
sold in the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A;  
(i) 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and 
(j) 
"transfer date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the relevant 
Registered Note shall have been surrendered for transfer. 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Federation or the Fiscal Agent, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such 
indemnity as the Federation or the Fiscal Agent may require in respect of) any tax, duty or other 
governmental charges which may be imposed in relation thereto.

--- Page 245 ---
-227- 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6, the Federation shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note called for partial redemption.  
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. 
person, in either case, who will hold their interest through a Rule 144A Global Note, will only be made:  
(a) 
upon receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a written certification substantially in the form set out in 
the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a "Transfer Certificate"), copies of 
which are available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any Transfer Agent, 
from the transferor of the Note or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer 
is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(b) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by 
the Federation of such satisfactory evidence as the Federation may reasonably require, 
which may include an opinion of United States counsel, that such transfer is in compliance 
with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or 
any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (a) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Rule 144A Registered Note in 
global or definitive form. Prior to the end of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial 
interests in Regulation S Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may only be held through the 
accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance 
Period: (A) beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC 
may be held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC or indirectly through a participant in DTC; and 
(B) such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
Transfers of Rule 144A Registered Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(a) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, 
upon receipt by the Registered Fiscal Agent of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from 
the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation 
S and that, in the case of a Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for DTC, if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution 
Compliance Period, the interests in the Notes being transferred will be held immediately 
thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(b) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Rule 144A Global Note where 
the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by 
the Federation of such satisfactory evidence as the Federation may reasonably require, 
which may include an opinion of United States counsel, that such transfer is in compliance 
with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States,

--- Page 246 ---
-228- 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or 
any other jurisdiction. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Registered Notes, or upon specific request for removal 
of the legend therein, the Fiscal Agent shall deliver only Registered Notes or refuse to remove the Legend 
therein, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Federation such satisfactory evidence as may 
reasonably be required by the Federation, which may include an opinion of United States counsel, that 
neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with 
the provisions of the Securities Act. 
Neither transferors nor transferees may require transfers to be registered (i) on the business day prior 
to the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Global Notes and (ii) during the 
period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Definitive 
Registered Notes. 
3. Definitive Notes 
Beneficial interests in a Global Registered Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) by the Issuer in 
whole (but not in part) at the option of the registered Holders thereof for security-printed Definitive 
Registered Notes only if such exchange is permitted by applicable law and one of the following events has 
occurred: (i) in the case of a DTC Global Note, DTC notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to 
continue as depositary for the DTC Global Note or DTC ceases to be a clearing agency registered under 
the Exchange Act, if so required by applicable law or regulation, and, in either case, a successor depositary 
is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days after receiving such notice or becoming aware that DTC is no 
longer so registered, (ii) in the case of any other Global Registered Note, clearing system(s) through which 
it is cleared and settled is closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention to cease business permanently or 
does in fact do so and a successor or successors is or are not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days from 
the commencement of such closure, announcement or cessation of business, or (iii) an Event of Default as 
described in Condition 12 occurs. 
4. Status of Notes  
(a) Status of Senior Notes 
This Condition 4(a) will apply in respect of all Senior Notes of the Federation issued hereunder.  
Senior Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Federation and rank 
pari passu and pro rata with all unsecured and unsubordinated deposits, borrowings and obligations of the 
Federation, whether now outstanding or hereafter incurred, except as may be provided by law and subject 
to the exercise of resolution powers of the Autorité des marchés financiers (Québec) (the "AMF") (the 
"Resolution Powers"), if applicable.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the winding-up, 
insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the Federation in accordance with applicable law, the 
Senior Notes will rank equally in right of payment with all deposit liabilities and other unsecured and 
unsubordinated liabilities of the entities of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins (as defined in an Act respecting 
financial services cooperatives (Québec) (as amended from time to time, the "Cooperatives Act")) (the 
"Groupe coopératif Desjardins"), except as may be provided by law and subject to the exercise of the 
Resolution Powers, if applicable.

--- Page 247 ---
-229- 
(b) Status of NVCC Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 4(b) will apply in respect of all NVCC Subordinated Notes of the Federation issued 
hereunder.  
NVCC Subordinated Notes constitute direct unsecured debt obligations representing Subordinated 
Indebtedness and, in the event of the winding-up, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the 
Federation in accordance with applicable law, the NVCC Subordinated Notes shall rank: 
(i)  
subordinate in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all Indebtedness of the Federation 
then outstanding other than Subordinated Indebtedness (the "Higher Ranked Indebtedness"), 
whether now outstanding or hereafter incurred; 
(ii) 
in right of payment equally with and not prior to Subordinated Indebtedness (other than any 
Subordinated Indebtedness which by its terms ranks subordinate to the NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
of the Federation then outstanding, in each case, whether now outstanding or hereafter incurred; 
and 
(iii) 
senior to (A) any instrument of the Federation that constitutes Tier 1 Capital, and (B) any 
Subordinated Indebtedness which by its terms ranks subordinate to the NVCC Subordinated Notes, 
in each case, whether now outstanding or hereafter incurred. 
The Federation agrees and each Noteholder, by his, her or its acquisition of such NVCC Subordinated 
Notes, is deemed to irrevocably agree and shall be deemed conclusively to have agreed, for the benefit of 
the present and future holders of Higher Ranked Indebtedness that, upon the winding-up, insolvency, 
bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the Federation in accordance with applicable law, the Federation 
shall have no obligation to repay the NVCC Subordinated Notes or any interest due thereon until all Higher 
Ranked Indebtedness of the Federation have been reimbursed or paid, or the funds necessary to satisfy 
all Higher Ranked Indebtedness has been deposited for payment. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Negative Covenant is applicable, so long as any of the 
applicable NVCC Subordinated Notes remain outstanding, the Federation shall not create, issue or incur 
any Indebtedness subordinate in right of payment to the deposit liabilities of the Federation (including, in 
the event of a merger, amalgamation, combination or consolidation of the members of the Groupe 
coopératif Desjardins (by law or otherwise), the deposit liabilities of other entities forming part of the Groupe 
coopératif Desjardins) which, in the event of the winding-up, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Federation in accordance with applicable law, would rank in right of payment in priority to 
the NVCC Subordinated Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the subordination provisions of the NVCC 
Subordinated Notes will not be relevant as each outstanding NVCC Subordinated Note shall automatically 
and immediately be converted, on a full and permanent basis, without any action on the part of, or the 
consent of, the Noteholders (which, for the purposes of Condition 7, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the NVCC Subordinated Notes), into fully-paid and non-assessable Class Z Shares, in 
accordance with Condition 7 (an "Automatic Conversion"). 
The NVCC Subordinated Notes do not constitute deposits that are insured under the Deposit 
Institutions Act or the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act.

--- Page 248 ---
-230- 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"AMF" means the Autorité des marchés financiers (Québec), and any successor institution thereof.  
"AMF Guideline" means the AMF Guideline for Capital Adequacy Requirements (Ligne directrice sur 
les normes relatives à la suffisance du capital de base (Coopératives de services financiers)), effective 1 
January 2020, as such guideline (or any Section thereof) may be amended from time to time. 
"C$" means Canadian Dollars. 
"Class Z Shares" means the Class Z-Contingent Capital shares of the Federation having a par value 
of C$10. 
"Cooperatives Act" means the Act Respecting Financial Services Cooperatives (CQLR, chapter C-
67.3), and any statute hereafter enacted in substitution therefor, as such act, or substituted statute, may be 
amended from time to time. 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board. 
"Indebtedness" at any time means all deposit liabilities and other liabilities of the Federation (including, 
as the context requires, in the event of a merger, amalgamation, combination or consolidation of the 
members of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins (by law or otherwise), all deposit liabilities and other liabilities 
and obligations of entities forming part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins, namely the Federation, the 
Fonds de sécurité Desjardins and the Québec caisses which are members of the Federation) which in 
accordance with the accounting rules established for financial services cooperatives pursuant to the 
Cooperatives Act or with IFRS, as the case may be, would be included in determining the total liabilities of 
the Federation at such time, other than liabilities for paid-up capital, contributed surplus, retained earnings 
and general reserves of the Federation. 
"Non-Viability Trigger Event" means an "élément déclencheur" within the meaning set out in the AMF 
Guideline, Section 2.5.1, Principle 3, as such term may be amended or superseded by the AMF from time 
to time, which term currently provides that each of the following constitutes a triggering event: 
(i) 
the AMF publicly announces that the Federation has been advised, in writing, that the AMF is of 
the opinion that the Federation has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and that, after the 
conversion of the NVCC Subordinated Notes and other contingent instruments issued by the 
Federation, the viability of the Federation could be restored or maintained; or 
(ii) 
a federal or provincial government in Canada publicly announces that the Federation has accepted 
or agreed to accept a capital injection, or equivalent support, from the federal government or any 
provincial government or political subdivision or agent or agency thereof without which the 
Federation would have been determined by the AMF to be non-viable as a result of the Federation's 
risk-based capital ratios. 
For the purposes of (ii) above, the term "equivalent support" means support for a non-viable deposit-
taking institution that enhances the institution's risk-based capital ratios or its funding that is provided on 
terms other than normal terms and conditions. For greater certainty, and without limitation, "equivalent

--- Page 249 ---
-231- 
support" does not, for these purposes, include (i) emergency liquidity assistance provided by the Bank of 
Canada at or above the bank rate, (ii) open bank liquidity assistance provided by the AMF according to the 
Deposit Institutions Act (as defined below) at or above its cost of funds or (iii) support, including conditional, 
limited guarantees, provided by the AMF in accordance with the Deposit Institutions Act to facilitate a 
transaction, including an acquisition or amalgamation. 
"Subordinated Indebtedness" means Indebtedness of the Federation that by its terms provides that 
such Indebtedness will, in the event of the winding-up, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of 
the Federation in accordance with applicable law, be subordinate in right of payment to all deposit liabilities 
and other liabilities of the Federation (including, as the context requires, in the event of a merger, 
amalgamation, combination or consolidation of the members of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins (by law 
or otherwise), all deposit liabilities and other liabilities and obligations of other entities forming part of the 
Groupe coopératif Desjardins, namely the Federation, the Fonds de sécurité Desjardins and the Québec 
caisses which are members of the Federation) which in accordance with the accounting rules established 
for financial services cooperatives pursuant to the Cooperatives Act or with IFRS, as the case may be, 
would be included in determining the total liabilities of the Federation at such time, other than liabilities for 
paid-up capital, contributed surplus, retained earnings and general reserves of the Federation, except those 
that, by their terms, rank equally with or are subordinate to such Indebtedness. 
"Tier 1 Capital" means fonds propres de la catégorie 1 or fonds propres de base, within the meaning 
of such terms as set out in the AMF Guideline, Section 2.1.1. 
"Tier 2 Capital" means fonds propres de la catégorie 2 or fonds propres complémentaires, within the 
meaning of such terms as set out in the AMF Guideline, Section 2.1.1.3. 
"Total Capital" means fonds propres, within the meaning of such term as set out in the AMF Guideline, 
Chapter 2. 
(c) Status of Bail-inable Notes 
This Condition 4(c) will apply in respect of all Senior Notes issued by the Federation that are identified 
as "Bail-inable Notes" in the applicable Final Terms (the "Bail-inable Notes").  
Pursuant to Section 40.50 of the Deposit Institutions and Deposit Protection Act (Québec) (as amended 
from time to time, the "Deposit Institutions Act") and regulations promulgated thereunder (including, 
among others, the Regulation respecting the Classes of Negotiable and Transferable Unsecured Debts and 
the Issuance of such Debts and of Shares (Québec) (the "Prescribed Debt Regulations")), all Senior 
Notes issued on or after 31 March 2019 that are perpetual or have a term to maturity of more than 400 days 
(including explicit or embedded extension options) and that are assigned an international securities 
identification number (ISIN) or other similar designation for the purposes of trading and settlement, and that 
are not otherwise excluded under the Prescribed Debt Regulations (including structured notes (as such 
term is defined in the Prescribed Debt Regulations)), will be identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
By its acquisition of an interest in Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 4(c), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Bail-inable Notes) is deemed to represent, 
acknowledge and is deemed to agree that:

--- Page 250 ---
-232- 
(i)  it is bound (A) by the Deposit Institutions Act, including the provisions dealing with the powers 
conferred on the AMF under the second paragraph of Section 40.50 of the Deposit Institutions Act and 
under the Prescribed Debt Regulations, and by their effect on the Bail-inable Notes and (B) by the other 
laws and regulations applicable in Québec to the application of the Deposit Institutions Act and the 
Prescribed Debt Regulations to the Bail-inable Notes; 
(ii) it attorns to the jurisdiction of the courts of Québec and, where applicable, Canada with respect to 
the application of the Deposit Institutions Act, the Prescribed Debt Regulations and the other laws and 
regulations applicable in Québec with respect to the Bail-inable Notes;  
(iii) it has represented and warranted to the Issuer that the Issuer has not directly or indirectly provided 
financing to the Noteholder for the express purpose of investing in the Bail-inable Notes; and 
(iv) the items mentioned in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) are binding on it despite any terms of the Bail-
inable Notes (including the provisions of these Conditions), any other law governing the Bail-inable Notes 
or any agreement, arrangement or understanding between the parties with respect to the Bail-inable Notes. 
Each Noteholder (or beneficial owner) of the Bail-inable Notes that acquires an interest in the Bail-
inable Notes in the secondary markets and any successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, 
trustees in bankruptcy and legal representatives of any such Noteholder (or beneficial owner) shall be 
deemed to acknowledge, accept and agree to be bound by, and consent to, the same provisions specified 
herein to the same extent as the Noteholders (or beneficial owners) that acquire an interest in the Bail-
inable Notes upon their initial issuance, including, without limitation, with respect to the acknowledgement 
and agreement to be bound by, and consent to, the terms of the Bail-inable Notes related to the Resolution 
Powers (including the Bail-in Powers). 
Noteholders (and beneficial owners) of Bail-inable Notes will have no further rights in respect of such 
Bail-inable Notes to the extent that such Bail-inable Notes are, in whole or in part, converted into contributed 
capital securities of the Federation, of a deposit-taking institution that is part of the Groupe coopératif 
Desjardins or of a legal person constituted or resulting from an amalgamation/continuance or other 
conversion ("Conversion Securities") carried out for the purposes of the resolution of the Federation (a 
"Bail-in Conversion") by the AMF pursuant to Section 40.50 of the Deposit Institutions Act and regulations 
promulgated thereunder (including, among others, the Prescribed Debt Regulations) (the "Bail-in 
Powers"), other than those rights provided under the recapitalization regime (including under the 
indemnification process) for Québec domestic systemically important financial institutions belonging to a 
cooperative group (the "Bail-in Regime"); and by its acquisition of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes, each 
Noteholder or beneficial owner of a Bail-inable Note is deemed to irrevocably consent to the conversion 
pursuant to a Bail-in Conversion of the converted portion of the principal amount of such Bail-inable Note 
(and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon), with the converted portion of the principal amount of such 
Bail-inable Note (and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon) being deemed paid in full by the issuance 
of Conversion Securities upon the occurrence of a Bail-in Conversion, which Bail-in Conversion shall occur 
without any further action on the part of that Noteholder (or beneficial owner or any Agent); provided that, 
for the avoidance of doubt, this consent shall not limit or otherwise affect any rights of that Noteholder or 
beneficial owner provided for under the Bail-in Regime. 
By its acquisition of an interest in a Bail-inable Note, each Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest 
in such Bail-inable Note is deemed to have authorised, directed and requested Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 251 ---
-233- 
Luxembourg and any direct participant in such clearing system or other intermediary through which it holds 
such Bail-inable Note to take any and all necessary action, if required, to implement the Bail-in Conversion 
or any other action pursuant to the Resolution Powers (including the Bail-in Powers) with respect to any 
Bail-inable Note, as may be imposed on it, without any further action or direction on the part of that 
Noteholder (or beneficial owner or any Agent), except as may be required in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the intermediary, as 
applicable. 
(d) Waiver of set-off and netting rights in relation to Bail-inable Notes 
No Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes may exercise, or direct the 
exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, netting, compensation or retention in respect of any amount 
owed to it by the Federation arising under, or in connection with, the Bail-inable Notes and each Noteholder 
or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes shall, by virtue of its acquisition of any Bail-inable 
Note (or an interest therein), be deemed to have irrevocably and unconditionally waived all such rights of 
set-off, netting, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amounts due and payable 
to any Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes by the Federation in respect of, 
or arising under, the Bail-inable Notes are purportedly discharged by set-off, netting, compensation or 
retention, without limitation to any other rights and remedies of the Federation under applicable law, such 
Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest shall be deemed to receive an amount equal to the amount of 
such discharge and, until such time as payment of such amount is made, shall hold such amount in trust 
for the Federation and, accordingly, any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place and such 
set off, netting, compensation or retention shall be ineffective.  
(e) Status of all Notes 
At the date hereof, all liabilities for borrowed money of the Federation are unsecured. 
The Notes are not insured by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, under the Deposit Institutions 
Act or the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act or by any governmental agency and are not 
guaranteed by any member of Desjardins Group or any other affiliate of the Federation (as described in the 
Base Prospectus referred to in the applicable Final Terms). 
5. Interest 
(a) Fixed Rate Note and Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions 
This Condition 5(a) applies to Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes only. The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and fixed rate reset interest and must 
be read in conjunction with this Condition 5(a) (and, in the case of the Day Count Fractions applicable to Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes, Condition 5(b)) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Reset Periods, Reset Dates and 
Reset Rate(s) (if applicable), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount (if applicable), any applicable Broken 
Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction, any applicable Determination Date and any Calculation 
Agent.

--- Page 252 ---
-234- 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date so specified if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The first payment of interest will be 
made on the Interest Payment Date next following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the first 
anniversary of the Interest Commencement Date is not an Interest Payment Date, will amount to the initial 
Broken Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest from and including the preceding Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be) to but excluding the Maturity Date will amount to the final Broken Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest will be paid, in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, subject to and in accordance with the provisions 
of Condition 9. 
If the Fixed Rate Notes are in definitive form, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on and including such date will, where an applicable 
Fixed Coupon Amount and, if applicable, Broken Amount are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
amount to such Fixed Coupon Amount and, if applicable, Broken Amount. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount and, if 
applicable, Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
1. in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
2. in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date at 
the Initial Rate of Interest;  
(ii) 
in the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, subject as provided in this Condition 5(a), in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with this Condition 5(a) provided that, where

--- Page 253 ---
-235- 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Day Count Fraction outlined in Condition 5(b)(iii) may apply to a 
Fixed Rate Reset Note. 
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes shall apply to Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
 "Benchmark Gilt" means, in respect of a Reset Period, such United Kingdom government security 
having a maturity date on or about the last day of such Reset Period as the Calculation Agent, with the 
advice of the Reset Reference Banks, may determine to be appropriate; 
"Benchmark Gilt Rate" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the gross redemption yield (as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent, after consultation with the Federation, in accordance with generally accepted 
market practice at such time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and 
rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) of the Benchmark Gilt in respect of that Reset Period, 
with the price of the Benchmark Gilt for this purpose being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered prices of 
such Benchmark Gilt quoted by the Reset Reference Banks at 3:00 p.m. (London time) on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following dealing day in London. If 
at least four quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and 
the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are 
provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only 
one quotation is provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations 
are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be (i) in the case of each Reset Period other than the First Reset 
Period, the Benchmark Gilt Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of 
the First Reset Period, an amount as set out in the applicable Final Terms as the "First Reset Period 
Fallback"; 
"Calculation Agent" shall mean, for the purposes of the definitions in relation to Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes (including without limitation any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest), the Issuer or, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, a financial institution of international repute appointed by the Federation at its 
own expense for these purposes, and in no event shall be the Fiscal Agent or any of its affiliates.  
"CMT Designated Maturity" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, one 
year.  
"CMT Rate" or "U.S. Treasury Rate" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, 
the rate per annum determined by the Calculation Agent, and expressed as a percentage, equal to: 
 
(i) 
the average of the yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury Securities adjusted to "constant 
maturity" for the CMT Designated Maturity for the five business days immediately prior to such Reset 
Determination Date, and appearing under the caption "Treasury constant maturities" at the CMT 
Reset Determination Time on such Reset Determination Date in the applicable most recently 
published statistical release designated “H.15 Daily Update", or any successor publication that is

--- Page 254 ---
-236- 
published by the Board of Govenors of the Federal Reserve System on which established yields on 
actively traded U.S. Treasury Securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption "Treasury 
Constant Maturities" at the CMT Designated Maturity are displayed; or 
(ii) 
if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week immediately prior 
to such Reset Determination Date or does not contain such yields, the rate per annum equal to the 
semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, calculated using a price 
for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Comparable Treasury Price for the Reset Date; or 
(iii) 
if the CMT Rate cannot be determined, for whatever reason, as described under (i) or (ii) 
above, "U.S. Treasury Rate" means the rate in percentage per annum as notified by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer equal to the yield on U.S. Treasury Securities having the CMT Designated 
Maturity as set forth in the most recently published statistical release designated “H.15 Daily Update” 
under the caption "Treasury constant maturities” (or any successor publication that is published 
weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and that establishes yields on 
actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption “Treasury 
constant maturities” for the CMT Designated Maturity) on such Reset Determination Date; 
 
"CMT Reset Determination Time" mean, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, 
5:00 p.m. (New York City time); 
"Comparable Treasury Issue" means, with respect to the Fixed Interest Period from the Reset Date 
to the next Interest Payment Date, the U.S. Treasury security or securities selected by the Issuer with 
a maturity date on or about the last day of such Fixed Interest Period and that would be utilized, at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in U.S. dollars and having a remaining maturity of the number 
of years specified in the definition of the CMT Rate; 
"Comparable Treasury Price" means, with respect to the Reset Date, (i) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Reset Date (calculated on the Reset Determination 
Date), after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if 
fewer than five such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all 
such quotations, or (iii) if fewer than two such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations are received, 
then such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation as quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by a 
Reset Reference Bank; 
"Day Count Fraction" means in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5(a) for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (which may be for a Fixed Interest Period or, if applicable, the period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the relevant payment date) (the "Calculation Period"): 
(A) if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Fixed Rate 
Notes or any Fixed Rate Reset Notes: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the

--- Page 255 ---
-237- 
number of days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year;  
(B) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days) divided 
by 360;  
(C) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Fixed Rate 
Notes, the actual number of days in the period from and including the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant 
payment date divided by 360; and 
(D) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Fixed 
Rate Notes, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
"dealing day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which the London Stock Exchange 
(or such other stock exchange on which the Benchmark Gilt is at the relevant time listed) is ordinarily open 
for the trading of securities; 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
it means the Interest Payment Date; 
"Determination Period" means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date);  
"First Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Margin" means the margin specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 256 ---
-238- 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the date 
fixed for redemption of the Notes (if any), which may be the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset Period as the sum of the relevant 
Reset Rate plus the First Reset Margin; 
"Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; 
"H.15" means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, published 
by the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 
or at or on any other page, section, successor site or publication; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest per annum specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Interest Period" has the meaning given in Condition 5(b); 
"Mid-Swap Quotations" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed 
leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
for the Mid-Swap Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid–Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) the 6 month EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro or the overnight SOFR rate compounded 
for 12 months if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars or (ii) any other reference rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms the overnight SOFR rate compounded for 12 months if the Specified Currency is 
U.S. dollars or (iv) any other reference rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means in respect of a Reset Period and a Reset Determination Date, (i) the 
applicable semi-annual or annualised (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) mid-swap rate for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency (with a maturity equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) as displayed on the Screen Page at 11:00 a.m. or any other 
Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the relevant Reset Determination Date (which rate, if the relevant Interest Payment Dates are 
other than semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, shall be adjusted by and in the manner 
determined by, the Calculation Agent, after consultation with the Federation) or (ii) if such rate is not

--- Page 257 ---
-239- 
displayed on the Screen Page at such time and date (other than in the circumstances provided for in 
Condition 5(h)), the relevant Reset Reference Bank Rate; 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the 
government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the 
Federation as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that 
(in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, after consultation with the Federation) would be utilised, at the time 
of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reference Bond Dealer" means each of five banks that are primary government securities dealers or 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issuances, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion 
after consultation with the Federation; 
"Reference Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Bond Dealer and the 
Reset Determination Date, in the case of a Reference Bond, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) as at approximately 11:00 a.m. (or any other Relevant Time as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset 
Determination Date and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer;  
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to a Reset Determination Date that does not relate to 
the CMT Rate, (a) the arithmetic mean of the Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for that Reset 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) 
if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
mean of all such quotations, or (c) if the Calculation Agent obtains only one Reference Bond Dealer 
Quotation or if the Calculation Agent obtains no Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be that which was determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in 
the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be an amount as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms as the "First Reset Period Fallback"; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for 
such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price; 
"Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations" means with respect to each Reset Reference Bank and the 
Reset Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices 
for the applicable Comparable Treasury Issue, expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount, at 11:00 a.m. (New York City time), on the Reset Determination Date; 
"Relevant Reset Margin" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the First Reset Margin or, in 
respect of any subsequent Reset Period, the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 258 ---
-240- 
"Reset Date" means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (if any) as is specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is Sterling, the first 
Business Day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified Currency is euro, the day falling two TARGET2 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period, (iii) if the Specified Currency is US dollars, the 
day falling two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period and, 
(iv) for any other Specified Currency, the day falling two Business Days in the principal financial centre for 
such Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Rate" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date (a) if 'Mid-Swap Rate' is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Mid-Swap Rate; (b) if 'Benchmark Gilt Rate' is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Benchmark Gilt Rate; (c) if "CMT Rate" is specified in the applicable 
Final Term, the relevant CMT Rate; or (d) if 'Reference Bond Rate' is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Reference Bond Rate; 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means the percentage rate determined on the basis of the Mid-Swap 
Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at or around 11:00 a.m. (or 
any other Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on the relevant Reset Determination Date and, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards). If at least four quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate 
will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be determined by (i) in the case of each Reset Period other than the First Reset 
Period, the Mid-Swap Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the 
First Reset Period, an amount as set out in the applicable Final Terms as the "First Reset Period 
Fallback"; 
"Reset Reference Banks" means (i) in the case of the calculation of a Reset Reference Bank Rate, 
five leading swap dealers in the principal interbank market relating to the Specified Currency selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Federation; (ii) in the case of a Benchmark 
Gilt Rate, five brokers of gilts and/or gilt-edged market makers selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion after consultation with the Federation; or (iii) in the case of a CMT Rate, each of up to five banks 
(which may include the dealers or their affiliates), which are (a) primary U.S Treasury securities dealers, or 
their respective successors or (b) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. 
dollars selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Federation; 
"Screen Page" means Reuters screen page "ICESWAP1", "ICESWAP2", "ICESWAP3", "ICESWAP4", 
"ICESWAP5" or "ICESWAP6" as specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other page on Thomson 
Reuters or any other information service as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other screen 
page as may replace it on Thomson Reuters or any other information service or, as the case may be, on

--- Page 259 ---
-241- 
such other information service that may replace Thomson Reuters or any other information service, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying comparable rates; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Specified Time” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Reset Margin" means the margin (expressed as a percentage) in relation to the 
relevant Reset Period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from and including the Second Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from and including a Reset Date 
to but excluding the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to such 
Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Margin; 
"sub-unit" means with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent; 
"Swap Rate Period" means the period or periods specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; and 
"U.S. Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations of the U.S. Treasury, issued 
other than on a discount rate basis. 
(b) Floating Rate Note Provisions  
This Condition 5(b) applies to Floating Rate Notes only, save in relation to the Day Count Fractions specified 
in Condition 5(b)(iii), or to any relevant Interest Period(s) for a Note with a Change of Interest Basis. The applicable 
Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 5(b) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes, where applicable, the Day Count Fraction applicable to a Note  or any relevant Interest Period(s) for a 
Note (other than a Floating Rate Note) with a Change of Interest Basis. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
identify, as applicable, any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement 
Date, the applicable Business Day definition, the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centers, 
whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will 
calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Fiscal Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest

--- Page 260 ---
-242- 
rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable 
Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify, among 
other items, the applicable Reference Rate, Relevant Financial Centre, Interest Determination Date(s), Reference 
Banks and Relevant Screen Page. 
(i) Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate equal to the Rate of Interest and such interest will be payable in 
arrear on either: 
(A) the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an "Interest Payment Date") in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest shall be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(1) in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date 
shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 261 ---
-243- 
(5) No Adjustment, such Interest Payment Date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention, 
provided that if ISDA Determination, "2021 ISDA Definitions" and "Unscheduled Holiday" are 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then in the case where Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, Modified Business Day Convention, Preceding Business Day Convention, 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention apply to a particular date 
and that date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions but disregarding references to 
Valuation Business Day and Exercise Business Day and construing references to the 
Confirmation to mean the applicable Final Terms) notwithstanding the provisions of (2) to (4) 
above, such day will instead fall on the first following day that is a Business Day. 
In this Condition 5, "Business Day" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency and each Additional Business Centre(s) (other than 
TARGET2) specified in the applicable Final Terms and if TARGET2 is specified as an Additional Business 
Centre, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (or any successor thereto) ("TARGET2") is open (a "TARGET2 Business Day"). 
(ii) Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
one of the manners set out below and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus the Margin (if any, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). For the 
purposes of this Condition 5(b)(iii), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating : 
(1) 
if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (including any successor thereto, "ISDA"); or 
(2) 
if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each 
Matrix (as defined therein)) (and any successor thereto), as published by ISDA as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, 
(the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which:

--- Page 262 ---
-244- 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a 
period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either: 
(i)  
if the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on EURIBOR, the first day of 
the Interest Period; or  
(ii)  
in any other case, the day as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding  
Method is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms, the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method will be one of the following, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
 
 (i) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
 
 (ii) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
 
 (iii) 
Compounding with Lockout;  
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and Averaging  is 
specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms, the Overnight Averaging Method 
wil be  one of the following, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
 (i) 
Averaging with Lookback; 
 
 (ii) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift; or 
 
 (iii) 
Averaging with Lockout; 
(F) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the Index 
Method will be Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(G) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, (i) any fallbacks that would otherwise be 
required to be determined in accordance with Section 8.6 (Generic Fallback 
Provisions) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall not be so determined, but shall 
instead be determined in accordance with Condition 5(h) and (ii) if 
Administrator/Benchmark Event is specified in the Floating Rate Matrix in respect 
of the relevant Floating Rate Option, Condition 5(h) shall apply in place of the 
provisions relating to Administrator/Benchmark Event and the Administrator/ 
Benchmark Fallback in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, and the ISDA Definitions shall 
be construed accordingly;

--- Page 263 ---
-245- 
(H) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Period End Date/ Termination Date adjustment 
for Unscheduled Holiday (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will apply if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable; 
(I) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Non-Representative (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) will apply if specified in the relevant Final Terms to be applicable; 
and 
(J) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Successor Benchmark and Successor 
Benchmark Effective Date (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject to (G) above, the ISDA Definitions contain provisions for determining the applicable Floating 
Rate (as defined below) (including Supplement 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions and Section 9 of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions (Bespoke Triggers and Fallbacks)) in the event that the specified Floating Date is not 
available and such provisions shall apply to Floating Rate Notes as if incorporated in these Conditions. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Floating Rate Matrix ", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date", "Overnight Floating Rate 
Option", "Overnight Rate Compounding Method", "Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift", "Compounding with Lockout", "" Averaging with Lookback", 
"Averaging with Observation Period Shift", "Averaging with Lockout",  "Generic Fallback 
Provisions", "Compounded Index Floating Rate Option", "Index Method" and "Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift" have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable ISDA 
Definitions, provided that, for these purposes, the Calculation Agent shall, in no event, be the Fiscal Agent 
or any of its affiliates.  
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Calculation Agent 
will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 5(b)(iii) in respect of the determination 
of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the 
manner provided in this sub-paragraph (A). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination by Calculation Agent for Floating Rate Notes 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the applicable Final Terms shall also 
specify a Reference Rate, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Rate of Interest 
in respect of any Interest Period as either (1) the rate (if there is only one quotation on the 
Relevant Screen Page); or (2) the arithmetic mean (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the 
nearest 1/16 per cent.) of the offered rates (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date (as 
defined herein) in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, and in the manner provided in 
the following provisions:

--- Page 264 ---
-246- 
(1) 
CMT Rate 
Subject to Condition 5(h), if "CMT Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
this Note will bear interest at the rates (calculated with reference to the applicable 
CMT Rate and the applicable Margin, if any) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; provided, however, that the interest rate in effect for the period, if any, from 
the Issue Date, the Interest Reset Date or the Coupon Switch Option Date, as 
applicable, to but excluding the Initial Interest Reset Date will be the Initial Interest 
Rate. 
"CMT Rate" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date relating to a 
Floating Rate Note for which the interest rate is determined with reference to the 
CMT Rate, which date will be the second Business Day before the applicable 
Interest Reset Date (each such date a "CMT Rate Interest Determination Date"), 
any of the following rates displayed on the Designated CMT Reuters Page (as 
defined below) under the caption "... Treasury Constant Maturities ... Federal 
Reserve Board Release H.15... Mondays Approximately 3:45 p.m.," under the 
column for the Designated CMT Maturity Index (as defined below) for: 
(i) 
if the Designated CMT Reuters Page specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is "Reuters Page FRBCMT" (or any other page as may replace 
such page on such service) ("Reuters Page FRBCMT"), the rate for the 
relevant CMT Rate Interest Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if the Designated CMT Reuters Page specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the "Reuters Page FEDCMT" (or any other page as may replace 
such page on such service) ("Reuters Page FEDCMT"), the weekly or 
monthly average, for the week that ends immediately before the week in 
which the relevant CMT Rate Interest Determination Date falls, or for the 
month that ends immediately before the month in which the relevant CMT 
Rate Interest Determination Date falls, as applicable. 
If the CMT Rate cannot be determined in the manner above, the following 
procedures will apply: 
(a) 
if the applicable rate referred to above is not displayed on the 
relevant CMT Reuters Page by 3:00 p.m. New York City time on 
the applicable CMT Rate Interest Determination Date (unless the 
calculation is made earlier and the rate is available from that 
source at the time), the CMT Rate will be the percentage equal to 
the yield for U.S. Treasury securities at "constant maturity" having 
the particular Designated CMT Maturity Index and for such CMT 
Rate Interest Determination Date as published in H.15 opposite 
the caption "Treasury Constant Maturities", or 
(b) 
if the rate referred to in clause (a) does not so appear in H.15 by 
3:00 p.m. New York City time on the applicable CMT Rate Interest

--- Page 265 ---
-247- 
Determination Date (unless the calculation is made earlier and the 
rate is available from that source at the time), the CMT Rate will 
be the rate for the period of the particular Designated CMT 
Maturity Index as may then be published by either the Federal 
Reserve System Board of Governors or the United States 
Department of the Treasury that the Issuer determines to be 
comparable to the applicable rate formerly displayed on the 
Designated CMT Reuters Page and published in H.15, or 
(c) 
if the rate referred to in clause (b) is not so published by 3:00 p.m. 
New York City time on the applicable CMT Rate Interest 
Determination Date (unless the calculation is made earlier and the 
rate is available from that source at the time), the CMT Rate will 
be the rate on such CMT Rate Interest Determination Date 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as a yield-to-maturity based 
on the arithmetic mean of the secondary market bid prices at 
approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on such CMT Rate 
Interest Determination Date of three primary United States 
government securities dealers in The City of New York (which may 
include the Dealers or their affiliates) (each, a "Reference 
Dealer"), selected by the Issuer from five Reference Dealers 
selected by the Issuer and eliminating the highest quotation, or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest, and the lowest quotation 
or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest, for the most recently 
issued Treasury Notes (as defined below) with an original maturity 
of approximately the particular Designated CMT Maturity Index, a 
remaining term to maturity no more than one year shorter than 
that Designated CMT Maturity Index and in a principal amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in such securities in that 
market at that time, or 
(d) 
if fewer than three prices referred to in clause (c) are provided as 
requested, the CMT Rate will be the rate on the particular CMT 
Rate Interest Determination Date calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as a yield to maturity based on the arithmetic mean of the 
secondary market bid prices as of approximately 3:30 p.m., New 
York City time, on that CMT Rate Interest Determination Date of 
three Reference Dealers selected by the Issuer from five 
Reference Dealers selected by the Issuer and eliminating the 
highest quotation or, in the event of equality, one of the highest 
and the lowest quotation or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest, for Treasury Notes (as defined below) with an original 
maturity greater than the particular Designated CMT Maturity 
Index, a remaining term to maturity closest to that Designated 
CMT Maturity Index and in a principal amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in such securities in that 
market at that time and if two such U.S. Treasury Notes with an

--- Page 266 ---
-248- 
original maturity greater than the Designated CMT Maturity Index 
have remaining terms to maturity equally close to such 
Designated CMT Maturity Index, the quotes for the Treasury Note 
with the shorter remaining term to maturity will be used, or 
(e) 
if fewer than five but more than two prices referred to in clause (d) 
are provided as requested, the CMT Rate will be the rate on the 
particular CMT Rate Interest Determination Date calculated by the 
Calculation Agent based on the arithmetic mean of the bid prices 
obtained and neither the highest nor the lowest of the quotations 
will be eliminated, or 
(f) 
if fewer than three prices referred to in clause (e) are provided as 
requested, the CMT Rate will be the CMT Rate in effect on the 
particular CMT Rate Interest Determination Date. 
"Designated CMT Reuters Page" means the display on Reuters, or any 
successor service, on the page designated in the Final Terms or any other page 
as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying Treasury 
Constant Maturities as reported in H.15. If no Reuters page is specified in the Final 
Terms, the Designated CMT Reuters Page will be FEDCMT, for the most recent 
week. If Reuters Page FEDCMT applies but the applicable Final Terms does not 
specify whether the weekly or monthly average applies, the weekly average will 
apply. 
"Designated CMT Maturity Index" means the original period to maturity of the US 
Treasury securities (either 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20 or 30 years) specified in the Final 
Terms with respect to which the CMT Rate will be calculated. If no maturity is 
specified in the Final Terms, the Designated CMT Maturity Index will be two years. 
"H.15" means the daily statistical release published by the Board of Governors of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
and 
available 
on 
their 
website 
at 
www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h15/update/h15upd.htm, or any successor site 
or publication. 
"Treasury Notes" are direct, non-callable, fixed rate obligations of the U.S. 
government. 
(2) 
Commercial Paper Rate 
Subject to Condition 5(h), if the "Commercial Paper Rate" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, this Note will bear interest at the rates (calculated with 
reference to the applicable Commercial Paper Rate and the Margin, if any) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; provided, however, that the interest rate in 
effect for the period, if any, from the Issue Date, the Interest Reset Date or the 
Coupon Switch Option Date, as applicable, to but excluding the Initial Interest 
Reset Date will be the Initial Interest Rate.

--- Page 267 ---
-249- 
"Commercial Paper Rate" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date 
relating to a Floating Rate Note for which the interest rate is determined with 
reference to the Commercial Paper Rate, which date will be the second Business 
Day before the applicable Interest Reset Date (each such date a "Commercial 
Paper Rate Interest Determination Date"), the Money Market Yield (as defined 
below) on the Commercial Paper Interest Determination Date of the rate for U.S. 
dollar commercial paper having the Index Maturity specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as published in H.15 (as defined above) opposite the caption "Commercial 
Paper—Financial" or, if not so published by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the 
related Commercial Paper Interest Determination Date (unless the calculation is 
made earlier and the rate is available from one of those sources at that time), the 
Money Market Yield on such Commercial Paper Rate Interest Determination Date 
for commercial paper having the Index Maturity specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as published in H.15 Daily Update (as defined below), or such other 
recognized electronic source used for the purpose of displaying such rate, under 
the caption "Commercial Paper—Financial". If such rate is not yet published in 
H.15, H.15 Daily Update or another recognized electronic source by 3:00 p.m., 
New York City time, on such Commercial Paper Interest Determination Date 
(unless the calculation is made earlier and the rate is available from one of those 
sources at that time), then the Commercial Paper Rate on such Commercial Paper 
Rate Interest Determination Date will be calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
will be the Money Market Yield of the arithmetic mean of the offered rates at 
approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such Commercial Paper Rate 
Interest Determination Date of three leading dealers of US dollar commercial paper 
in New York City (which may include the Dealers or their affiliates) selected by the 
Issuer for commercial paper having the Index Maturity specified in the applicable 
Final Terms placed for industrial issuers whose bond rating is "Aa", or the 
equivalent, from a nationally recognized statistical rating organization; provided, 
however, that if the dealers so selected by the Issuer are not quoting as mentioned 
in this sentence, the Commercial Paper Rate determined as of such Commercial 
Paper Rate Interest Determination Date will be the Commercial Paper Rate in 
effect on such Commercial Paper Rate Interest Determination Date. 
"H.15 Daily Update" means the daily update of H.15, published by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and available on their website at 
www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h15/update/h15upd.htm, or any successor site 
or publication. 
"Money Market Yield" means a yield (expressed as a percentage) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Money Market Yield = 
x 100 
M)
 x 
(D
 - 
360
360
 x 
D

--- Page 268 ---
-250- 
where "D" refers to the applicable per annum rate for commercial paper quoted on 
a bank discount basis and expressed as a decimal, and "M" refers to the actual 
number of days in the applicable Interest Reset Period. 
(3) 
EURIBOR 
 Subject to Condition 5(h), if "EURIBOR" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
this Note will bear interest at the rates (calculated with reference to EURIBOR and 
the Margin, if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; provided, however, 
that the interest rate in effect for the period, if any, from the Issue Date, the Interest 
Reset Date or the Coupon Switch Option Date, as applicable, to but excluding the 
Initial Interest Reset Date will be the Initial Interest Rate. 
 "EURIBOR" means the rate determined in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(i) 
With respect to any Interest Determination Date relating to a Floating Rate 
Note for which the interest rate is determined with reference to EURIBOR, 
which date will be the second TARGET2 Business Day preceding the 
applicable Interest Reset Date (each such date a "EURIBOR Interest 
Determination Date"), EURIBOR will be the rate for deposits in Euro as 
sponsored, calculated and published jointly by the European Banking 
Federation and ACI - The Financial Market Association, or any company 
established by the joint sponsors for purposes of compiling and publishing 
such rate, having the Index Maturity as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms commencing on the applicable Interest Reset Date, that appears 
on Reuters on page EURIBOR01 (or any other page as may replace such 
page on such service) ("Reuters Page EURIBOR01") as of 11:00 a.m., 
Brussels time, on such EURIBOR Interest Determination Date; or if no 
such rate so appears, EURIBOR on such EURIBOR Interest 
Determination Date will be determined in accordance with the provisions 
described in clause (ii) below. 
(ii) 
With respect to a EURIBOR Interest Determination Date on which no rate 
appears on the Reuters Page EURIBOR01 as specified in (i) above, the 
Issuer will request the principal Euro-zone office of each of four major 
reference banks (which may include the Dealers or their affiliates) in the 
Euro-zone interbank market, as selected by the Issuer, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation for deposits in Euro for the 
period of the Index Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms 
commencing on the applicable Interest Reset Date, to prime banks in the 
Euro-zone interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, 
on such EURIBOR Interest Determination Date and in a principal amount 
not less than the equivalent of US$1,000,000 in euros that is 
representative for a single transaction in Euro in such market at such time. 
If at least two such quotations are so provided, then EURIBOR on such

--- Page 269 ---
-251- 
EURIBOR Interest Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations. 
(iii) 
If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, then EURIBOR on such 
EURIBOR Interest Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates quoted at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on such 
EURIBOR Interest Determination Date by four major banks (which may 
include the Dealers or their affiliates) in the Euro-zone selected by the 
Issuer for loans in Euro to leading Euro-zone banks, having the Index 
Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms commencing on that 
Interest Reset Date and in a principal amount not less than the equivalent 
of US$1,000,000 in euros that is representative for a single transaction in 
Euro in such market at such time. 
(iv) 
If the banks so selected by the Issuer are not quoting as mentioned in the 
preceding sentence, EURIBOR determined as of such EURIBOR Interest 
Determination Date will be EURIBOR in effect on such EURIBOR Interest 
Determination Date. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprising Member States of the European Union 
that have adopted the single currency in accordance with the relevant treaty of the 
European Union, as amended. 
(4) 
Federal Funds Rate 
Subject to Condition 5(h), if "Federal Funds Rate" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, this Note will bear interest at the rates (calculated with reference to 
the applicable Federal Funds Rate and the Margin, if any) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; provided, however, that the interest rate in effect for the 
period, if any, from the Issue Date, the Interest Reset Date or the Coupon Switch 
Option Date, as applicable, to but excluding the Initial Interest Reset Date will be 
the Initial Interest Rate. 
"Federal Funds Rate" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date 
relating to a Floating Rate Note for which the interest rate is determined with 
reference to the Federal Funds Rate, which date will be the second Business Day 
before the applicable Interest Reset Date (each such date a "Federal Funds Rate 
Interest Determination Date"), 
(i) 
if "Federal Funds (Effective) Rate" is the specified Federal Funds Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms the Federal Funds Rate as of the Federal 
Funds Rate Interest Determination Date shall be the rate with respect to 
such date for US dollar federal funds as published in H.15 opposite the 
heading "Federal funds (effective)" and that appears on Reuters on page 
FEDFUNDS1 (or any other page as may replace such page on such 
service) ("Reuters Page FEDFUNDS1") under the heading "EFFECT" or, 
if such rate is not so published by 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on such

--- Page 270 ---
-252- 
Federal Funds Rate Interest Determination Date (unless the calculation is 
made earlier and the rate is available from that source at that time), the 
rate for the Federal Funds Rate Interest Determination Date for US dollar 
federal funds as published in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognized 
electronic source used for the purpose of displaying such rate, opposite 
the caption "Federal funds (effective)". If such rate does not appear on 
Reuters Page FEDFUNDS1 or is not yet published in H.15, H.15 Daily 
Update or another recognized electronic source by 5:00 p.m., New York 
City time, on such Federal Funds Rate Interest Determination Date (unless 
the calculation is made earlier and the rate is available from that source at 
that time), then the Federal Funds Rate with respect to such Federal 
Funds Rate Interest Determination Date will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and will be the arithmetic mean of the rates for the last 
transaction in overnight US dollar federal funds arranged by three leading 
dealers of US dollar federal funds transactions in New York City (which 
may include the Dealers or their affiliates) selected by the Issuer prior to 
9:00 a.m., New York City time, on that Federal Funds Rate Interest 
Determination Date; provided, however, that if the three dealers so 
selected by the Issuer are not quoting as mentioned in this sentence, the 
Federal Funds Rate determined as of such Federal Funds Rate Interest 
Determination Date will be the Federal Funds Rate in effect on the 
immediately preceding Federal Funds Rate Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if "Federal Funds Target Rate" is the specified Federal Funds Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms the Federal Funds Rate as of the applicable 
Federal Funds Rate Interest Determination Date shall be the rate on such 
date as displayed on the FDTR Index page on Bloomberg. If such rate 
does not appear on the FDTR Index page on Bloomberg by 5:00 p.m., 
New York City time, on the Federal Funds Rate Interest Determination 
Date (unless the calculation is made earlier and the rate is available from 
that source at that time), the Federal Funds Rate for such Federal Funds 
Rate Interest Determination Date will be the rate for that day appearing on 
Reuters on page USFFTARGET= (or any other page as may replace such 
page on such service) ("Reuters Page USFFTARGET="). If such rate 
does not appear on the FDTR Index page on Bloomberg or is not displayed 
on Reuters Page USFFTARGET= by 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on 
the related Federal Funds Rate Interest Determination Date (unless the 
calculation is made earlier and the rate is available from that source at that 
time), then the Federal Funds Rate on such Federal Funds Rate Interest 
Determination Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent and will 
be the arithmetic mean of the rates for the last transaction in overnight US 
Dollar federal funds arranged by three leading brokers of US Dollar federal 
funds transactions in New York City (which may include the Dealers or 
their affiliates) selected by the Issuer prior to 9:00 a.m., New York City 
time, on such Federal Funds Rate Interest Determination Date; provided, 
however, that if the brokers so selected by the Issuer are not quoting as 
mentioned in this sentence, the Federal Funds Rate determined as of such

--- Page 271 ---
-253- 
Federal Funds Rate Interest Determination Date will be the Federal Funds 
Rate in effect on such Federal Funds Rate Interest Determination Date. 
(5) 
Prime Rate 
Subject to Conditon 5(h), if "Prime Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
this Note will bear interest at the rates (calculated with reference to the applicable 
Prime Rate and the Margin, if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
provided, however, that the interest rate in effect for the period, if any, from the 
Issue Date, the Interest Reset Date or the Coupon Switch Option Date, as 
applicable, to but excluding the Initial Interest Reset Date will be the Initial Interest 
Rate. 
"Prime Rate" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date relating to a 
Floating Rate Note for which the interest rate is determined with reference to the 
Prime Rate, which date will be the second Business Day before the applicable 
Interest Reset Date (each such date a "Prime Rate Interest Determination 
Date"), the rate on such Prime Rate Interest Determination Date as such rate is 
published in H.15 (as defined above) opposite the caption "Bank Prime Loan" or, 
if not published prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the related Prime Rate 
Interest Determination Date (unless the calculation is made earlier and the rate is 
available from that source at that time), the rate on such Prime Rate Interest 
Determination Date as published in H.15 Daily Update (as defined above), or such 
other recognized electronic source used for the purpose of displaying such rate, 
opposite the caption "Bank Prime Loan". If such rate is not yet published in H.15, 
H.15 Daily Update or another recognized electronic source by 5:00 p.m., New York 
City time, on the related Prime Rate Interest Determination Date (unless the 
calculation is made earlier and the rate is available from that source at that time), 
then the Prime Rate shall be the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, of the rates of interest publicly announced by each bank that appears on 
Reuters on page USPRIME1 (or any other page as may replace such page on 
such service for the purpose of displaying prime rates or base lending rates of 
major United States banks ("Reuters Page USPRIME1")) as such bank's prime 
rate or base lending rate as of 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such Prime Rate 
Interest Determination Date. If fewer than four such rates so appear on Reuters 
Page USPRIME1 for such Prime Rate Interest Determination Date by 5:00 p.m., 
New York City time on the related Prime Rate Interest Determination Date, then 
the Prime Rate shall be the arithmetic mean calculated by the Calculation Agent 
of the prime rates or base lending rates quoted on the basis of the actual number 
of days in the year divided by a 360 day year as of the close of business on such 
Prime Rate Interest Determination Date by three major banks (which may include 
the Dealers or their affiliates) in New York City selected by the Issuer; provided, 
however, that if the banks so selected by the Issuer are not quoting as mentioned 
in this sentence, the Prime Rate determined as of such Prime Rate Interest 
Determination Date will be the Prime Rate in effect on such Prime Rate Interest 
Determination Date or, if no Prime Rate was in effect on such Prime Rate Interest

--- Page 272 ---
-254- 
Determination Date, the rate on such Floating Rate Note for the following Interest 
Reset Period shall be the Initial Interest Rate. 
(6) 
Compounded SOFR  
(i) Subject to Conditions 5(h) or 5(i), where the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR” and the Calculation 
Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Observation Shift", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest  Period (as defined below) from the Issue 
Date, the Interest Reset Date or the Coupon Switch Date, as applicable shall, as 
provided below, be Compounded SOFR for the Interest Period, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin. 
"Compounded SOFR" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards:  
 
where:  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Shift Period; 
"do" for any Observation Shift Period, is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Shift Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to dO, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Shift Period; and 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Shift Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i+1". 
"Observation Shift Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period.

--- Page 273 ---
-255- 
"p", for any Observation Shift Period, is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SOFRi, " for any U.S. Government Securities Business day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Shift Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i". 
"Secured Overnight Financing Rate" or " SOFR" means, with respect to any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or  
(2)  
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)) and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined in Condition 5(i)) have occurred, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; or 
(3)  
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, then SOFR shall be determined to be the rate determined in 
accordance with Condition 4(i). 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate). 
"SOFR Administrator’s Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source. 
(ii) Subject to Conditions 5(h) or 5(i), where the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR" and the Calculation 
Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR Index”, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period (as defined below) from the Issue Date, 
the Interest Reset Date or the Coupon Switch Date, as applicable shall, as 
provided below, be Compounded SOFR for the Interest Period, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin 
"Compounded SOFR" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards:

--- Page 274 ---
-256- 
 
where:  
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to such Interest Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from, and including, the SOFR IndexStart to, 
but excluding, the SOFR IndexEnd ; 
"SOFR Index" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day: 
(a) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such 
index appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New 
York time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Index Determination Time”); provided that:  
(b) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the 
SOFR Determination Time, unless both a Benchmark Transition Event (as 
defined in Condition 5(i)) and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as 
defined in Condition 5(i)) have occurred, then Compounded SOFR shall be 
the rate determined pursuant to the “SOFR Index Unavailable” provisions 
(defined below). 
(c) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be 
the rate determined pursuant to Condition 5(i)). 
For the definition of "SOFR Index”, "SOFR" means the daily secured overnight 
financing rate provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s 
website. 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 12, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed 
to be the date on which such Notes become due and payable, and the Rate of 
Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as such Notes remain outstanding, be 
that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of the SOFR Index Convention, the following expressions have 
the following meaning:

--- Page 275 ---
-257- 
"SOFR Index Unavailable" means if  a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published  on the associated Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred 
with respect to SOFR, "Compounded SOFR" means,  for the applicable Interest 
Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily 
compounded interest investment calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the formula for SOFR 
Averages, and the definitions required for such formula, published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-
reference-rates-information.  For the purposes of this provision, references in the 
SOFR Averages compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation 
period” shall be replaced with "SOFR Index Observation Period",  as defined in 
this Condition and the words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days" shall be 
removed. If SOFRi does not so appear for any day "i" in the SOFR Index 
Observation Period, SOFRi shall be SOFR published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for with SOFR was 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website. 
"SOFR Index Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other period as may be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"p", for any SOFR Index Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if the Issuer or its designee determines:  
(a) 
to the extent Condition 5(i) is specified as not applicable in the Final 
Terms, a Benchmark Event has occurred; or  
(b) 
to the extent Condition 5(i) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
determining Compounded Daily SOFR rate,

--- Page 276 ---
-258- 
then the Benchmark Discontinuation Provisions set forth in Condition 5(h) or the 
Benchmark Replacement Provisions set forth in Condition 5(i), as applicable, will 
thereafter apply to all determinations of the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes. 
(7) 
Treasury Rate 
Subject to Condition 5(h), if "Treasury Rate" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, this Note will bear interest at the rates (calculated with reference to the 
applicable Treasury Rate and the Margin, if any) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; provided, however, that the interest rate in effect for the period, if any, from 
the Issue Date, the Interest Reset Date or the Coupon Switch Option Date, as 
applicable, to but excluding the Initial Interest Reset Date will be the Initial Interest 
Rate. 
"Treasury Rate" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date relating 
to a Floating Rate Note for which the interest rate is determined by reference to 
the Treasury Rate, which date will be the day of the week in which the Interest 
Reset Date falls on which Treasury Bills (as defined below) would normally be 
auctioned (Treasury Bills are usually sold at auction on the Monday of each week, 
unless that day is a legal holiday, in which case the auction is usually held on the 
following Tuesday, except that the auction may be held on the preceding Friday), 
provided that, if, as the result of a legal holiday, an auction is held on the preceding 
Friday, that Friday will be the Treasury Interest Determination Date relating to the 
Interest Reset Date occurring in the next succeeding week, and provided further, 
that if the auction is held on a day that would otherwise be an Interest Reset Date, 
then the Interest Reset Date will instead be the first business day following the 
auction date (each such date a "Treasury Rate Interest Determination Date"), 
the rate from the auction held on such Treasury Rate Interest Determination Date 
(the "Auction") of direct obligations of the United States ("Treasury Bills") having 
the Index Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms under the caption 
"INVEST RATE" on the display on Reuters or any successor service on page 
USAUCTION 10 (or any other page as may replace such page on such service) 
("Reuters Page USAUCTION 10") or page USAUCTION 11 (or any other page as 
may replace such page on such service) ("Reuters Page USAUCTION 11") or, if 
not so published by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the related Treasury Rate 
Interest Determination Date (unless the calculation is made earlier and the rate is 
available from that source at that time), the Bond Equivalent Yield (as defined 
below) of the auction rate of such Treasury Bills as announced by the US 
Department of the Treasury. In the event that the auction rate of Treasury Bills 
having the Index Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms is not so 
announced by the US Department of the Treasury, or if no such Auction is held, 
then the Treasury Rate will be the Bond Equivalent Yield of the rate on such 
Treasury Rate Interest Determination Date of Treasury Bills having a remaining 
maturity closest to the Index Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
published in H.15 opposite the caption "US government securities/Treasury 
bills/secondary market" or, if not yet published by 3:00 P.M., New York City time, 
on the related Treasury Rate Interest Determination Date (unless the calculation

--- Page 277 ---
-259- 
is made earlier and the rate is available from that source at that time), the rate on 
such Treasury Rate Interest Determination Date of such Treasury Bills having a 
remaining maturity closest to the Index Maturity specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as published in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognized electronic 
source used for the purpose of displaying such rate, under the caption "US 
government securities/Treasury bills/secondary market". If such rate is not yet 
published in H.15, H.15 Daily Update or another recognized electronic source by 
3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the related Treasury Rate Interest Determination 
Date (unless the calculation is made earlier and the rate is available from that 
source at that time), then the Treasury Rate will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent and will be the Bond Equivalent Yield of the arithmetic mean of the 
secondary market bid rates, as of approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on 
such Treasury Rate Interest Determination Date, of three primary US government 
securities dealers (which may include the Dealers or their affiliates) selected by 
the Issuer, for the issue of Treasury Bills with a remaining maturity closest to the 
Index Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be; 
provided, however, that if the dealers so selected by the Issuer are not quoting as 
mentioned in this sentence, the Treasury Rate determined as of such Treasury 
Rate Interest Determination Date will be the Treasury Rate in effect on such 
Treasury Rate Interest Determination Date. 
"Bond Equivalent Yield" means a yield (expressed as a percentage) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Bond Equivalent Yield = 
x 100 
 
where "D" refers to the applicable per annum rate for Treasury Bills quoted on a bank 
discount basis and expressed as a decimal,  
 
"N" refers to 365 or 366, as the case may be, and  
 
"M" refers to the actual number of days in the applicable Interest Reset Period. 
(C) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall in no event be less than such 
minimum, and if a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall in no event 
exceed such maximum. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero. 
 
Whether or not a Maximum Rate applies, the interest rate on any Registered Note will in 
no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by New York law, as it may be 
modified by US federal law of general application.  
M)
 x 
(D
 - 
360
N
 x 
D

--- Page 278 ---
-260- 
 
Under current New York law, the maximum rate of interest with some exceptions, for any 
loan in an amount less than US$250,000 is 16% and for any loan in the amount of 
US$250,000 or more but less than US$2,500,000 is 25% per annum on a simple interest 
basis. These limits do not apply to loans of US$2,500,000 or more. 
 
(D) 
In this Condition unless stated otherwise: 
 
"Calculation Agent" means the relevant Fiscal Agent or such other entity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s) or such other amounts as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes and ISDA 
Determination under Condition 5(b)(ii)(A), the Calculation Agent shall not, in either case, 
be the Fiscal Agent or any of its affiliates.  
 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate. 
"Eurozone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European economic and 
monetary union that adopt the euro as the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"Interest Period" means (i) each successive period beginning on and including an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, 
provided always that the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date and the final Interest Period shall end on but exclude the Maturity 
Date and (ii) such other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated being 
the period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, in the case of early redemption of 
any Notes, shall be the date for redemption, and in other cases where the relevant Notes 
become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12, shall be the date on which such 
Notes become due and payable). 
"Initial Interest Reset Date" is the first Interest Reset Date occurring after the Issue Date 
or the Coupon Switch Option Date, as applicable. 
"Interest Reset Date" refers to each date on which the interest rate payable on this 
Floating Rate Note resets and such reset rate becomes effective. The applicable rate of 
interest on the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes will reset daily, weekly, monthly, 
quarterly, semi-annually, annually or, in the case of Exempt Notes, at some other interval 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Except as otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or except if ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Interest Reset Date will be as follows: 
(i) 
for Floating Rate Notes that reset daily, each Business Day; 
(ii) 
for Floating Rate Notes that reset weekly and Treasury Rate is not specified to be 
the applicable Rate of Interest, the Wednesday of each week;

--- Page 279 ---
-261- 
(iii) 
for Floating Rate Notes where Treasury Rate is specified to be the applicable Rate 
of Interest and that reset weekly, the Tuesday of each week, except as otherwise 
provided for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(F)(8); 
(iv) 
for Floating Rate Notes that reset monthly, the third Wednesday of each month; 
(v) 
for Floating Rate Notes that reset quarterly, the third Wednesday of March, June, 
September and December of each year; 
(vi) 
for Floating Rate Notes that reset semi-annually, the third Wednesday of each of 
two months of each year as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(vii) 
for Floating Rate Notes that reset annually, the third Wednesday of one month of 
each year as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For a Floating Rate Note, the interest rate in effect on any particular day will be the interest 
rate determined with respect to the latest Interest Reset Date that occurs on or before that 
day. There are several exceptions, however, to the reset provisions described above. 
(a) 
The rate of interest in effect from the Issue Date or the Coupon Switch Option Date, 
as applicable, to the Initial Interest Reset Date will be the Initial Interest Rate.  
(b) 
For Floating Rate Notes that reset daily or weekly, the interest rate in effect for 
each day following the second business day before an interest payment date to, but 
excluding, the interest payment date, and for each day following the second business day 
before the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date, will be the rate of interest in 
effect on that second business day. 
If any Interest Reset Date for a Floating Rate Note would otherwise be a day that is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Reset Date will be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day.  
For a Floating Rate Note where EURIBOR is specified to be the applicable Rate of Interest, 
if that Business Day is in the next succeeding calendar month, the Interest Reset Date will 
be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
"Interest Reset Period" means the number of days for which interest is being calculated 
or the period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning attributed to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Reuters" means the display on the Reuters 3000 Xtra Service, or any successor service, 
on the page or pages specified in this Base Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms, or 
any replacement page or pages on that service.

--- Page 280 ---
-262- 
(iii) Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in accordance with these Conditions (or, if appropriate, such other time as is customary in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the country of the Specified Currency) on each "Interest Determination Date", 
determine the Rate of Interest (subject to any Minimum or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest (each an "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
 
and, in each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Notes shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
The determination of the Rate of Interest and calculation of each Interest Amount by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
Condition 5(b) for any Calculation Period: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (2) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case the last day of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 281 ---
-263- 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)]+ (D2 - D1) 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
 
360 
 
where: 
 
 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
 
360 
where: 
 
 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 282 ---
-264- 
(G) if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
 
360 
where: 
 
 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(iv) Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as being applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), 
one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as are designated by the Issuer in writing to the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(v) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Issuer will cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified by the relevant Fiscal Agent (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes which are listed on the Official List of the Central Bank of Ireland and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin) to Euronext Dublin and, if applicable, to any other stock exchange or

--- Page 283 ---
-265- 
other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading, and to be given in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter (and no later than the 
second London Business Day thereafter in the case of Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms 
specify the Reference Rate as being SOFR Compounded Rate). Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified by the relevant Fiscal Agent to each stock exchange on which 
this Note, if it is a Floating Rate Note, is for the time being listed. For the purposes of this subparagraph (v), 
the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
(c) Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when 
due, the amount due and repayable shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as determined in 
accordance with Condition 6(e)(iii)(B). As from the Maturity Date, any overdue principal of such Note shall 
bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Accrual Yield set forth in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) Accrual of Interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder of such Note; 
and (ii) the day on which the relevant Fiscal Agent has notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with 
Condition 17 or individually) of receipt of all sums due in respect thereof up to that date. Such interest will 
accrue at a rate per annum equal to (A) the Fixed Rate, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes; (B) the Amortisation 
Yield, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes; or (C) the Rate of Interest in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes. 
(e) Interest Act (Canada) Disclosure 
For the purposes of disclosure pursuant to the Interest Act (Canada), where in any Note a rate of 
interest is to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days (or any period that is less than a calendar 
year), the yearly rate of interest to which the 360 day (or such other applicable period that is less than a 
calendar year) rate is equivalent is such rate multiplied by the number of days in the year for which such 
calculation is made and divided by 360 (or such other period that is less than a calendar year, as the case 
may be). 
The Issuer confirms that it fully understands and is able to calculate the rate of interest applicable to 
the Notes based on the methodology for calculating per annum rates provided for in the paragraph above 
if applicable. The Issuer hereby irrevocably agrees not to plead or assert, whether by way of defence or 
otherwise, in any proceeding relating to the Notes or any transaction document, that the interest payable 
under the Notes and the calculation thereof has not been adequately disclosed to the Issuer, whether 
pursuant to Section 4 of the Interest Act (Canada) or any other applicable law or legal principle.

--- Page 284 ---
-266- 
 
(f) 
Coupon Switch Option Provisions 
(i) Application: This Condition 5(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Coupon Switch Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and each such Note shall bear interest on the following basis. 
(ii) The Final Terms shall specify whether the Fixed Rate Note Provisions or, as the case may be, the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable to the Notes from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the Coupon Switch Option Date. The Final Terms shall also specify whether the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions or, as the case may be, the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable upon the exercise by 
the Issuer of the Coupon Switch Option, from and including such Coupon Switch Option Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date. Upon the Issuer giving the requisite notice (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 5(f) only, shall be five Business Days prior to the Coupon Switch Option Date or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the Final Terms) to exercise its Coupon Switch Option, from (and including) 
the Coupon Switch Option Date, interest shall accrue on the basis set out in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying following the Coupon Switch Date. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(f), "Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign currency deposits) in the Principal Financial Center (as 
defined in Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(6)) and any Additional Business Centres (other than TARGET2) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and if TARGET2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre, a TARGET2 
Business Day. 
(g) Exempt Notes 
The rate or amount of interest in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
provided that where such Exempt Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes, the provisions of Condition 5(b) 
and other related provisions of Condition 5 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes were references to Index Linked 
Interest Notes. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Exempt Note and otherwise as specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
(h)  Benchmark Discontinuation 
 
 
This Condition 5(h) applies to all Notes with an Original Reference Rate used to calculate a Rate 
of Interest or a component thereof other than where the Original Reference Rate specified in the Final 
Terms is SOFR Compounded Rate and Condition 5(i) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
 
 
For greater certainty, this Condition 5(h) also applies to Condition 5(b)(ii)(A) to the extent that the 
ISDA Definitions do not provide for a successor rate or any successor rate also requires Benchmark 
Amendments or, in the case where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, where Section 8.6 (Generic Fallback 
Provisions) of the ISDA Definitions would otherwise apply.

--- Page 285 ---
-267- 
 
(i) Independent Adviser 
 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 5(h)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any 
(in accordance with Condition 5(h)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 5(h)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(h) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or 
the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer 
in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 5(h). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(h)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(h)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(h)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(h)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable).

--- Page 286 ---
-268- 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) is determined in accordance with this Condition 
5(h) and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that amendments 
to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") 
and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(h)(v), vary these Conditions and/or 
the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. 
No consent of Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as may be applicable), any Adjustment Spread 
and/or any Benchmark Amendments, or varying these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such changes pursuant to this Condition 4(h), including the 
execution of any documents thereto or the taking of any steps by the Issuer or any 
parties to any relevant documents (if required). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(h)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
determined under this Condition 5(h) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as may be applicable), the Adjustment Spread 
and/or the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than one Business Day following the date of notifying the Fiscal Agent of the 
same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
5(h); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 287 ---
-269- 
The Fiscal Agent shall make available such certificate at its offices for inspection by 
the Noteholders, upon reasonable request, at all reasonable times during normal 
business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and 
the Noteholders. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for choosing any substitute for 
any Original Reference Rate, or for making any adjustments to any Substitute Rate or 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread thereon, the Business Day Convention, Interest 
Determination Dates, Reset Determination Date or any other relevant methodology for 
calculating any such Substitute Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread, or for 
determining whether any Benchmark Event has occurred, even in circumstances where 
the Issuer has not made such determinations.  In connection with the foregoing, the 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by 
the Issuer or any Independent Adviser in compliance with this Condition 5(h) and will 
have no liability in connection with the foregoing or for such actions taken at the direction 
of the Issuer.  At no time shall the Calculation Agent have any responsibility in 
connection therewith.   
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(h) (i), (ii), (iii) and 
(iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 
5(a) or 5(b)(ii) will continue to apply until a Benchmark Event has occurred and the 
Fiscal Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be), and in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 5(h)(v). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) is determined pursuant to this Condition 
5(h), the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Conditions 5(a) or 5(b)(ii) will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Rate of Interest (or component part(s) thereof) on such Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing paragraph shall apply to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be, only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to 
any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as the case may be is subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(h).

--- Page 288 ---
-270- 
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(h): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is the spread, formula or methodology which is 
formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(B) 
if no such formal recommendation has been made in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body and, in all cases, in the case of an Alternative Rate, is the 
spread, formula or methodology which the Issuer determines, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement 
rate of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
if the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
any) and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, that no 
such spread is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions under (B) above, is the spread, formula or methodology which the 
Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) 
and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, is recognised 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be); or 
(D) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate under (C) above, is the spread, formula 
or methodology which  the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines to be appropriate.

--- Page 289 ---
-271- 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the 
Issuer determines in accordance with Condition 5(h)(ii) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(h)(iv). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days (as defined in Condition 5(b)(i)) or ceasing to exist or be 
published; or 
(B) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, any 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended from time to time), if applicable);  
 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of 
paragraphs (B) and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of the Original Reference 
Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in 
the case of (D) above, on the date of prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate 
and (c) in the case of paragraph (E) above, on the date with effect from which the 
Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor 
to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified 
in the public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.

--- Page 290 ---
-272- 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer, at its own expense under Condition 5(h)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means either (i) the originally-specified benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any 
component part(s) thereof including, without limitation, any component mid-swap 
floating leg) on the Notes or (ii) any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which replaces 
the Original Reference Rate pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(h). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (y) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (z) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(i) Benchmark Replacement Provisions 
This Condition 5(i) applies to all Notes with an Original Reference Rate used to calculate a Rate of Interest 
or a component thereof where the Original Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms is SOFR 
Compounded Rate and Condition 5(i) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
(a)  
Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event. 
 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation 
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Issuer or its designee in consultation with the Issuer pursuant to the 
Benchmark Replacement Provisions described herein, including any determination with

--- Page 291 ---
-273- 
respect to tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection: 
   
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
   
if made by the Issuer, will be made in its sole discretion; 
   
if made by the Issuer's designee, will be made after consultation with the Issuer, 
and the designee will not make any such determination, decision or election to which 
the Issuer objects; and 
   
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Notes, shall become effective 
without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
If a designee of the Issuer does not make any determination, decision or election that it is required to make 
pursuant to the Benchmark Replacement Provisions, then the Issuer will make that determination, decision 
or election on the same basis as described above.  The designee shall have no liability for not making any 
such determination, decision or election.  
 
(b)  
Certain Defined Terms. 
 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR Compounded Index, as such term is defined above; provided that if 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
SOFR Compounded Index or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) the sum of: (a) an alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
(c) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 292 ---
-274- 
(b) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; and 
(c) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including the timing and frequency of determining 
rates and making payments of interest, the rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
or its designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably practicable). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the later of (1) the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark; or 
(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark Replacement Date and 
Benchmark Transition Event, references to Benchmark also include any reference rate underlying such 
Benchmark. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such

--- Page 293 ---
-275- 
component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for 
the then-current Benchmark. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any 
successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is 
Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time or the SOFR Index Determination Time, as applicable, 
and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee in 
accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(c) Notices, etc. 
 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, any 
Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any Benchmark Replacement 
Confirming Changes determined under this Condition 4(i) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if any.

--- Page 294 ---
-276- 
No later than one Business Day following the date of notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(1)  
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, (ii) the Benchmark Replacement and, (iii) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(i); and 
(2) certifying that any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement. 
The Fiscal Agent shall make available such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders, upon 
reasonable request, at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Confirming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error 
or bad faith in the determination of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment (if any) and the Benchmark Replacement Confirming Changes (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for choosing any substitute for any Original 
Reference Rate, or for making any adjustments to any Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes thereon, the Business 
Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates, Reset Determination Date or any other relevant 
methodology for calculating any such Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, or for determining whether any Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, even in circumstances where the Issuer 
has not made such determinations.  In connection with the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will be entitled 
to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or its designee in compliance with this 
Condition 5(i) and will have no liability in connection with the foregoing or for such actions taken at the 
direction of the Issuer.  At no time shall the Calculation Agent have any responsibility in connection 
therewith. 
6. Redemption and Purchase 
(a) At Maturity 
Unless previously repaid, each Note will be repaid by the Federation at its Final Redemption Amount 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) Early Redemption for Tax Reasons and upon a Special Event and TLAC Disqualification Event 
(i) Early Redemption for Tax Reasons 
If, as a result of any change in the laws or regulations of Canada or any province or territory thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the administration or interpretation of 
any such laws or regulations, which change becomes effective on or after the latest Issue Date of the Notes 
of this Series, the Federation would, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes of

--- Page 295 ---
-277- 
this Series, be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 11, the Federation may, at its 
option, having given not more than the maximum period nor less than the minimum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the relevant Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, 
to the holders of the Notes of this Series, and provided that, in the case of Bail-inable Notes where the 
redemption would lead to a breach of the Federation's TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject 
to the prior written approval of the AMF and, in relation to the redemption of NVCC Subordinated Notes in 
all cases, such redemption will be subject to the prior written approval of the AMF, at any time or, if the 
Notes of this Series are Floating Rate Notes, on any Interest Payment Date redeem all, but not some, of 
the Notes of this Series, each at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6(e), together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, 
the Federation shall be bound to redeem the Notes of this Series accordingly. 
(ii) Early Redemption upon Special Event 
This Condition 6(b)(ii) applies to NVCC Subordinated Notes only. 
The Federation may, at its option at any time on or after a Special Event Redemption Date, with the 
prior written approval of the AMF and having given not more than the maximum period nor less than the 
minimum period of notice, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the relevant Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 17, to the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series redeem all (but not less 
than all) of the NVCC Subordinated Notes, each at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
6(e), together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption.   
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(ii): 
"Regulatory Event" means, as determined in a letter from the AMF to the Federation, the date on which 
the NVCC Subordinated Notes will no longer be recognized in full as eligible Tier 2 Capital of the Federation 
or will no longer be eligible to be included in full as risk-based Total Capital on a consolidated basis under 
the AMF Guideline. 
"Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction" means the government of Canada, any province or territory of Canada or 
any political subdivision or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, or within any 
other jurisdiction in which the Federation is constituted, organized, or is otherwise carrying on business in, 
or is otherwise resident for tax purposes or any jurisdiction from or through which payments made by or on 
behalf of the Federation under or with respect to the NVCC Subordinated Notes are made. 
"Special Event" means a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event, as the case may be. 
"Special Event Redemption Date" means the date of the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or Tax Event, 
as the case may be. 
"Tax Event" means the Federation has received an opinion of independent counsel of recognized standing 
experienced in such matters to the effect that, as a result of:  
(i)  
any amendment to, clarification of, or change (including any announced prospective change) in, 
the laws, or any regulations thereunder, or any application or interpretation thereof, of any Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction;

--- Page 296 ---
-278- 
(ii)  
any judicial decision, administrative pronouncement, published or private ruling, regulatory 
procedure, rule, notice, announcement, assessment or reassessment (including any notice or 
announcement of intent to adopt or issue such decision, pronouncement, ruling, procedure, rule, 
notice, announcement, assessment or reassessment) (collectively, an "Administrative Action"); 
or  
(iii)  
any amendment to, clarification of, or change (including any announced prospective change) in, 
the official position with respect to or the interpretation of any Administrative Action or any 
interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such Administrative 
Action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position,  
in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or agency, 
regulatory body or taxing authority (irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, clarification, 
change, Administrative Action, interpretation or pronouncement is made known, which amendment, 
clarification, change or Administrative Action is effective or which interpretation, pronouncement or 
Administrative Action is announced on or after the date of the issue of the NVCC Subordinated Notes), 
there is more than an insubstantial risk (assuming any proposed or announced amendment, clarification, 
change, interpretation, pronouncement or Administrative Action is effective and applicable) that the 
Federation is, or may be, subject to more than a de minimis amount of additional taxes, duties or other 
governmental charges or civil liabilities because the treatment of any of its items of income, taxable income, 
expense, taxable capital or taxable paid up capital with respect to the NVCC Subordinated Notes or the 
treatment of the NVCC Subordinated Notes (including the treatment by the Federation of interest on the 
NVCC Subordinated Notes), as or as would be reflected in any tax return or form filed, to be filed, or 
otherwise could have been filed, will not be respected by a taxing authority. 
 
(iii) Early Redemption due to TLAC Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6(b)(iii) applies to Bail-inable Notes only. 
Where a TLAC Disqualification Event Call is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
relating to a Series of Bail-inable Notes, the Federation may, having given not more than the maximum 
period nor less than the minimum period of notice, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the relevant 
Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, to the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series, at 
any time within 90 days following a TLAC Disqualification Event, redeem all, but not some, of the Notes of 
the relevant Series, each at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(e), together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
A "TLAC Disqualification Event" means the AMF has advised the Federation in writing that the 
relevant Series of Bail-inable Notes will no longer be recognized in full as TLAC under the AMF's guideline 
on Total Loss Absorbing Capacity in effect from time to time as interpreted by the AMF, provided that a 
TLAC Disqualification Event will not occur where the exclusion of the relevant Series of Bail-inable Notes 
from the Federation's TLAC requirements is due to the remaining maturity of such Series of Bail-inable 
Notes being less than any period prescribed by any relevant eligibility criteria applicable as of the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of such Series of Bail-inable Notes.

--- Page 297 ---
-279- 
(c) Early Redemption at the Option of the Federation (Issuer Call Option) 
This Condition 6(c) applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of 
the Issuer (other than for tax reasons, a Special Event or a TLAC Disqualification Event), such option being 
referred to as an "Issuer Call". The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and 
must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6(c) for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, 
whether the Notes are redeemable in whole or in part and any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which 
can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If an Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Federation may, having given not 
more than the maximum period nor less than the minimum period of notice, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to the relevant Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, to the holders of the Notes 
of this Series, redeem all or, if so specified in the Final Terms, some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding any such Optional Redemption 
Date(s), provided that, in respect of NVCC Subordinated Notes, such redemption takes place on or after 
the First Call Date which shall be at least 5 years following the Issue Date and provided further that, in 
respect of Bail-inable Notes where the redemption would lead to a breach of the Federation's TLAC 
requirements and, in respect of NVCC Subordinated Notes at all times, such redemption will be subject to 
the prior written approval of the AMF. For the purposes of this Condition 6(c), First Call Date shall have the 
meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event of a redemption of some only of such Notes, such redemption must be for an amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of partial redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registered Notes shall be redeemed (as far as may be practicable) pro rata to their outstanding principal 
amounts, provided always that the amount redeemed in respect of each Registered Note shall be equivalent 
to the minimum Specified Denomination or an integral multiple thereof and subject further to compliance 
with the rules of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, such partial redemption to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion. Notes denominated in sterling may only be redeemed pursuant to this 
paragraph following one year from the Issue Date.  
(d) Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Noteholder Put Option) 
This Condition 6(d) applies to Notes (other than Bail-inable Notes or NVCC Subordinated Notes) which 
are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of Noteholders, such option being referred 
to as a "Noteholder Put Option". The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to any 
Noteholder Put Option and must be read in conjunction with Condition 6(d) for full information on any 
Noteholder Put Option. In particular, the Final Terms will identify the Option Redemption Date(s), the 
Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If and to the extent a Noteholder Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any Note (other than a Bail-inable Note and a NVCC Subordinated Note) giving to the Federation in 
accordance with Condition 17 not more than the maximum period nor less than the minimum period of 
notice as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Federation will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem

--- Page 298 ---
-280- 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding such Optional 
Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed under this Condition 6(d) in any multiple of their 
lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of any Note the holder of the relevant Note must, if the 
relevant Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC, 
deliver, at the specified office of relevant Registrar at any time during normal business hours of the Registrar 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from the specified office of the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is 
to be made under this Condition and the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2, accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under 
its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be) (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them or by DTC (as the case may be) to the 
Registrar by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as 
the case may be) from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note the terms of which 
require presentation for recording changes to its nominal amount, at the same time present or procure the 
presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Registrar for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph (d) shall be irrevocable 
except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 
12.  
(e) Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of paragraph (b) above and Condition 12, Notes will be redeemed at an amount (the 
"Early Redemption Amount") calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be greater or less than the Issue Price, at the amount set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 299 ---
-281- 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") equal 
to the sum of: 
(A) 
(i) the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(ii) (a) if Compounding Accrual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price or (b) if Linear Accrual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the product of the Accrual Yield (without any compounding) being applied to the 
Reference Price, 
 where: 
"Accrual Yield" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"Reference Price" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, which is the product of the Issue Price and the Calculation Amount, 
 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable; or 
(B) 
if the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of 
such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6(b) above or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 12 is not paid or available for payment 
when due, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Zero Coupon Note calculated as 
provided above as though the references in Condition 6(e)(iii)(A) to the date fixed 
for redemption or the date upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
repayable were replaced by references to the date (the "Reference Date") which 
is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys repayable has been received by 
the relevant Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance 
with Condition 17. 
 
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this Condition 6(e)(iii)(B) 
will continue to be made, after as well as before judgment, until the Reference Date unless 
the Reference Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
repayable shall be the nominal amount of such Note together with interest at a rate per 
annum equal to the Accrual Yield. Where any such calculation is to be made for a period 
of less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30 / 360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting 
of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of

--- Page 300 ---
-282- 
the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) 
Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365) or (iv) Actual/Actual (ICMA) (as defined in Condition 4(a) except 
that the Calculation Period will commence on (and include) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes and end on (but exclude) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Notes become due and repayable). 
(f) Purchases 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, the Federation or any of its subsidiaries may 
at any time purchase Notes, in whole or in part, in the open market or by tender or by private treaty at any 
price, provided that, in respect of Bail-inable Notes, where the purchase of such Bail-inable Notes would 
lead to a breach of the Federation's TLAC requirements and, in respect of NVCC Subordinated Notes at all 
times, such purchase will be subject to the prior written approval of the AMF.  
(g) Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by the Federation as aforesaid will be cancelled forthwith, and may 
not be resold or reissued. 
 
(h) Specific Redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Amount Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Any Note which is repayable in instalments will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the 
Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of definitive Notes, all 
instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid against surrender of the relevant receipt (which 
must be presented with the Note to which it appertains) and, in the case of the final instalment, against 
surrender of the relevant Notes, all as more fully described in Condition 7(g). 
Partly-Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 6 and the provisions specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(i) Redemption Irrevocable 
A notice of redemption under this Condition 6 shall be irrevocable, except that (i) in the case of Bail-
inable Notes, an order sought by the AMF and made by the resolution board pursuant to Section 40.12 of 
the Act which involves any deposit institution being part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins prior to the 
date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of NVCC Subordinated Notes, the occurrence of a Non-Viability 
Trigger Event prior to the date fixed for redemption shall, in each case, automatically rescind such notice

--- Page 301 ---
-283- 
of redemption and, in such circumstances, no Bail-inable Notes or, as the case may be, NVCC 
Subordinated Notes shall be redeemed and no payment in respect of the Bail-inable Notes or, as the case 
may be, NVCC Subordinated Notes shall be due and payable. Bail-inable Notes continue to be subject to 
the exercise of Bail-in Powers prior to their payment in full. 
7. Automatic Conversion of NVCC Subordinated Notes on Non-Viability Trigger Event 
This Condition applies to NVCC Subordinated Notes only. 
(a) Automatic Conversion 
NVCC Subordinated Notes constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Federation in accordance with the AMF 
Guideline. Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, each outstanding NVCC Subordinated 
Note shall automatically and immediately be converted, on a full and permanent basis, without any action 
on the part of, or the consent of, the Noteholders (which, for the purposes of this Condition 7, includes each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the NVCC Subordinated Notes), into fully-paid and non-assessable Class 
Z Shares, in accordance with this Condition 7.  
The Federation shall have no liability to any Noteholder for any delay in the receipt of the evidence 
of beneficial ownership of the Class Z Shares resulting from the Federation's compliance with applicable 
operational and organizational law requirements. The procedures set forth in this Condition 7 are subject 
to change to reflect changes in clearing system practices or the issuance of the NVCC Subordinated Notes 
in definitive form. If the NVCC Subordinated Notes are held in definitive form at the time of the Automatic 
Conversion, the Federation will provide Noteholders with a notice describing, among other things, how the 
Federation intends to deliver the evidence of beneficial ownership of the Class Z Shares and requesting 
such Noteholders to provide the Federation with their relevant securities account information for the 
purpose of receiving such evidence of beneficial ownership. Any issuance of Class Z Shares may be made 
through a global certificate or a non-certificated position in CDS or any other clearing system. 
(b) Conversion Rate 
The number of Class Z Shares into which each NVCC Subordinated Note is convertible at the time 
of an Automatic Conversion shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the Multiplier multiplied 
by the Note Value, by (b) the Conversion Price. 
(c) Time of Automatic Conversion 
An Automatic Conversion is deemed to be effected immediately and permanently following the 
occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event and the rights of the Noteholders thereof shall cease at such 
time and the Person or Persons entitled to receive Class Z Shares upon an Automatic Conversion shall be 
treated for all purposes as having become the holder or holders of record of such Class Z Shares at such 
time. Subject to Condition 7(d), as promptly as practicable after the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger 
Event, the Federation shall announce the Automatic Conversion by way of a press release and shall give 
notice of the Automatic Conversion to the relevant Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, to 
the holders of the NVCC Subordinated Notes of the relevant Series. From and after the Automatic 
Conversion, the NVCC Subordinated Notes shall cease to be outstanding, the Noteholders shall cease to 
be entitled to interest thereon including any interest accrued but unpaid as of the date of the Automatic 
Conversion, and any certificates representing the NVCC Subordinated Notes shall represent only the right 
to receive, upon surrender thereof, the applicable number of Class Z Shares determined in accordance with 
Condition 7(b). An Automatic Conversion shall be mandatory and binding upon both the Federation and all 
Noteholders of Subordinated NVCC Notes, notwithstanding anything else including, without limitation: (i)

--- Page 302 ---
-284- 
any prior action to or in furtherance of a redemption or conversion of the NVCC Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to these Conditions; and (ii) any delay or impediment to the issuance or delivery of the Class Z 
Shares to the Noteholders. 
(d) Right not to deliver Class Z Shares 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7, upon an Automatic Conversion, the 
Federation reserves the right not to deliver some or all, as applicable, of the Class Z Shares issuable 
thereupon to any Person whom the Federation has reason to believe is an Ineligible Person. In such 
circumstances, the Federation shall hold, as agent for such Ineligible Persons, the Class Z Shares 
otherwise deliverable to such Ineligible Persons and the Federation will attempt to facilitate the sale of such 
Class Z Shares to parties other than the Federation and Federation Affiliates on behalf of such Ineligible 
Persons. Those sales (if any) may be made at any time and at any price. The Federation shall not be 
subject to any liability for failure to sell such Class Z Shares on behalf of such Ineligible Persons or at any 
particular price or on any particular day. The net proceeds received by the Federation from the sale of any 
such Class Z Shares shall be divided among the Ineligible Persons in proportion to the number of Class Z 
Shares that would otherwise have been delivered to them upon the Automatic Conversion after deducting 
the costs of sale and any applicable Taxes.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7, upon an Automatic Conversion, the 
Federation reserves the right not to deliver some or all, as applicable, of the Class Z Shares to any Person 
who, by virtue of the operation of the Automatic Conversion, would become a Significant Holder. In such 
circumstances, the Federation shall hold, as agent of that Person, the Threshold Number of Class Z Shares 
otherwise deliverable to such Person, and the Federation shall attempt to facilitate the sale of such Class 
Z Shares to parties other than the Federation and its Federation Affiliates on behalf of that Person. Those 
sales (if any) may be made at any time and at any price. The Federation shall not be subject to any liability 
for failure to sell any such Class Z Shares on behalf of that Person or at any particular price or on any 
particular day. The net proceeds received by the Federation from the sale of any such Class Z Shares shall 
be delivered to that Person, after deducting the costs of sale and any applicable Taxes. 
(e) Fractional Class Z Shares 
In any case where the aggregate number of Class Z Shares to be issued to a Noteholder pursuant 
to an Automatic Conversion includes a fraction of a Class Z Share, such number of Class Z Shares to be 
issued to such Noteholder shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of Class Z Shares and no 
cash payment shall be made in lieu of such fractional Class Z Share. 
(f) Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes in the Class Z Shares 
In the event of a capital reorganization, consolidation, merger or amalgamation of the Federation 
or comparable transaction affecting the Class Z Shares (whether outstanding or not) and, where no Class 
Z Shares are outstanding, any shares in the authorized capital of the Federation ranking equally with the 
Class Z Shares, the Federation shall take necessary action to ensure that Noteholders of NVCC 
Subordinated Notes receive or are entitled to receive, pursuant to an Automatic Conversion, such number 
of Class Z Shares or other securities that such Noteholders would have received if the Automatic 
Conversion occurred immediately prior to the earlier of the record date for such event and the time of such 
event and shall ensure that, to the extent that no Class Z Shares are outstanding as at the record date of 
any such capital reorganization, consolidation, merger or amalgamation, the Class Z Shares shall, once 
issued, be treated in the same manner as, and rank equally with, any equal ranking shares in the authorised

--- Page 303 ---
-285- 
capital of the Federation that were affected by the relevant reorganization, consolidation, merger or 
amalgamation of the Federation. 
(g) Adjustments 
Upon a Class Z Capital Share Reorganization at any time at which there are issued and outstanding 
Class Z Shares, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted so that it will equal the price determined by 
multiplying the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such effective date or record date of such 
event by a fraction: 
(i) 
the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class Z Shares outstanding on such effective 
date or record date before giving effect to such Class Z Capital Share Reorganization; and 
(ii) 
the denominator of which shall be the total number of Class Z Shares outstanding immediately after 
giving effect to such Class Z Capital Share Reorganization (including, in the case where securities 
exchangeable for or convertible into Class Z Shares are distributed, the number, without 
duplication, of Class Z Shares that would have been outstanding had all such securities been 
exchanged for or converted into Class Z Shares on such effective date or record date). 
The adjustment shall be calculated to the nearest one-tenth of one cent provided that no adjustment 
of the Conversion Price shall be required unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of 
at least one per cent. (1%) of the Conversion Price then in effect; provided, however, that in such case any 
adjustment that would otherwise be required then to be made will be carried forward and will be made at 
the time of and together with the next subsequent adjustment which, together with any adjustments so 
carried forward, will amount to at least one per cent. (1%) of the Conversion Price. 
In any case in which the definition of Conversion Price or Condition 7(f) requires that an adjustment 
will become effective immediately after a record date for an event described in this Condition 7, the 
Federation may defer, until the occurrence of such event, issuing to the Noteholders of NVCC Subordinated 
Notes upon an Automatic Conversion occurring after such record date and before the occurrence of such 
event, any additional Class Z Shares issuable upon such conversion by reason of the adjustment required 
by such event, provided, however, that the Federation shall deliver to such Noteholders evidence of such 
Noteholder's right to receive such additional Class Z Shares upon the occurrence of such event and the 
right to receive any dividends or other distributions made on such additional Class Z Shares declared in 
favor of holders of record of Class Z Shares on and after the date of the Automatic Conversion or such later 
date on which such Noteholders would, but for the provisions of this paragraph of Condition 7(g), have 
become the holder of record of such additional Class Z Shares. 
If at any time a dispute arises with respect to adjustments provided for in the definition of 
Conversion Price or in Condition 7(f), such dispute shall be conclusively determined, subject to the consent 
if required of any stock exchange on which the Class Z Shares may be listed, by the Federation's Auditors, 
or if they are unable or unwilling to act, by such other firm of independent chartered accountants as may 
be selected by action of the board of directors of the Federation and any such determination shall be binding 
upon the Federation, the Noteholders and the other holders of Capital Stock of the Federation. Such 
auditors or accountants shall be given access to all necessary records of the Federation. 
If the Federation sets a record date to take any action that would require an adjustment provided 
for in the definition of Conversion Price or in Condition 7(f) and before the taking of such action, the 
Federation legally abandons its plan to take such action, then no such adjustment shall be made. 
The Federation shall from time to time, immediately after the occurrence of any Class Z Capital 
Share Reorganization or other event that requires an adjustment or readjustment as provided in the

--- Page 304 ---
-286- 
definition of Conversion Price, Condition 7(f) or this Condition 7(g), give notice to the relevant Fiscal Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 17, to the Noteholders of NVCC Subordinated Notes specifying the 
nature of the event requiring the same and the amount of the adjustment or readjustment necessitated 
thereby and setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such 
calculation is based.  
(h) Agreement with Respect to a Non-Viability Trigger Event 
By acquiring any NVCC Subordinated Note, each Noteholder or beneficial owner of a NVCC 
Subordinated Note or any interest therein, including any Person acquiring any such Note or interest therein 
after the date thereof, irrevocably consents to the principal amount of such NVCC Subordinated Note and 
any accrued interest due and payable thereon being deemed paid in full by the issuance of Class Z Shares 
upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event and the resulting Automatic Conversion, which 
occurrence and resulting Automatic Conversion shall occur without any further action on the part of such 
Noteholder or beneficial owner or any Agent. 
(i) General 
(i) 
Upon an Automatic Conversion, any accrued interest due and payable on the NVCC 
Subordinated Notes, together with the principal amount of such NVCC Subordinated Notes, shall be 
deemed paid in full by the issuance of Class Z Shares upon such conversion and the Noteholders shall 
have no further rights and the Federation shall have no further obligations under these Conditions, the 
NVCC Subordinated Notes or the Agency Agreement. If Taxes are required to be withheld from such 
payment of interest in the form of Class Z Shares, the number of Class Z Shares received by a Noteholder 
shall reflect an amount net of any applicable Tax and the Federation reserves the right not to deliver some 
or all, as applicable, of such Class Z Shares equivalent to the Taxes to be withheld. In such circumstances, 
the Federation will hold, as agent for such Persons, the Class Z Shares that would have otherwise been 
delivered to such Persons and the Federation will attempt to facilitate the sale of such Class Z Shares to 
parties other than the Federation and Federation Affiliates on behalf of such Persons, to be retained by the 
Federation on behalf of such Persons. Those sales (if any) may be made at any time and at any price. The 
net proceeds received by the Federation from the sale of any such Class Z Shares shall be remitted to the 
relevant authority in accordance with applicable law, and shall be credited to the Federation as payment on 
account of any payment made under or with respect to the NVCC Subordinated Notes.  The Federation 
shall not be subject to any liability for failure to sell such Class Z Shares at any particular price or on any 
particular day. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, the Notes or the Agency 
Agreement, the Automatic Conversion of the NVCC Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Non-
Viability Trigger Event shall not be an Event of Default and the only consequence of a Non-Viability Trigger 
Event shall be the Automatic Conversion of such NVCC Subordinated Notes into Class Z Shares. 
(iii)  
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries shall be liable for any stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax, or any other capital, issue, transfer, registration, financial transaction or documenting tax that 
may arise or be paid as a consequence of the delivery of the Class Z Shares, which tax shall be borne 
solely by the Noteholder. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7 only: 
"Affiliate" of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by 
or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person and, for greater certainty, when used 
with respect to the Federation, does not include Desjardins caisses which are members of the Federation.

--- Page 305 ---
-287- 
For the purposes of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any specified Person means the 
power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have 
meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
"Auditors" means an independent firm or firms of accountants duly appointed as auditors of the 
Federation. 
"CDS" means The Canadian Depository for Securities Limited (and any successor thereto). 
"Capital Stock" means the authorized capital stock of the Federation which is made up of the Internal 
Capital Stock and the External Capital Stock. 
"Class Z Capital Share Reorganization" means any of (i) the issuance of Class Z Shares or securities 
exchangeable for or convertible into Class Z Shares to all holders of outstanding Class Z Shares as a stock 
dividend, (ii) the subdivision, re-division or change of the outstanding Class Z Shares into a greater number 
of Class Z Shares, or (iii) the reduction, combination or consolidation of the outstanding Class Z Shares 
into a lesser number of Class Z Shares. 
"Conversion Price" means, in respect of each NVCC Subordinated Note, C$10, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to adjustment in the event of a Class Z Capital Share 
Reorganization in accordance with Condition 7(g). 
"Corporate Body" means a financial services cooperative, cooperative, federation of financial services 
cooperatives, corporation, association, company, limited liability company, unlimited liability company, joint-
stock company, business trust or other legal person, and "Corporate Bodies" has a correlative meaning. 
"External Capital Stock" means any Capital Stock of the Federation that does not constitute Internal 
Capital Stock. 
"Federation Affiliates" means any Affiliate of the Federation. 
"Ineligible Person" means (i) any Person whose address is in, or whom the Federation has reason to 
believe is a resident of, any jurisdiction outside Canada to the extent that the issuance by the Federation 
of Class Z Shares or delivery of such shares by its transfer agent to that Person, pursuant to an Automatic 
Conversion, would require the Federation to take any action to comply with securities, financial 
cooperatives, banking or analogous laws of that jurisdiction, and (ii) any Person to the extent that the 
issuance by the Federation of Class Z Shares or delivery of such shares by its transfer agent to that Person, 
pursuant to an Automatic Conversion, would cause the Federation to be in violation of any law to which the 
Federation is subject. 
"Internal Capital Stock" means any Capital Stock of the Federation which are held by members or 
auxiliary members of the Federation. 
"Multiplier" means 1.50, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Note Value" means, in respect of each NVCC Subordinated Note, the principal amount of that NVCC 
Subordinated Note plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon as of the date of the Non-Viability Trigger 
Event, expressed in C$ on the basis of the Prevailing Exchange Rate. 
"Person" means any individual, Corporate Body, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated 
organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity.

--- Page 306 ---
-288- 
"Prevailing Exchange Rate" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of any currency, the indicative rate of exchange between the relevant currency and C$ reported by the Bank 
of Canada on the date immediately preceding the date of the Non-Viability Trigger Event (or, if not available 
on such date, the date on which such closing rate was last applicable prior to such date). If such exchange 
rate is no longer reported by the Bank of Canada, the relevant exchange rate shall be the simple average 
of the closing exchange rates between the relevant currency and C$ quoted at approximately the Specified 
Time on such date by three major banks selected by the Federation. 
"Significant Holder" means any Person who beneficially owns directly, or indirectly through entities 
controlled by such Person or Persons associated with or acting jointly or in concert with such Person(s), a 
percentage of the total number of outstanding Capital Stock or other interests in the Federation that is in 
excess of any applicable requirements contained in applicable law, if any. 
"Specified Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Taxes" means any present or future tax, duty, levy, impost, assessment or other governmental charge 
(including penalties, interest and other liabilities related thereto) imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
government of Canada, any province or territory of Canada or any political subdivision or any authority or 
agency therein or thereof having power to tax, or within any other jurisdiction in which the Federation is 
constituted, organized, or is otherwise carrying on business in, or is otherwise resident for tax purposes or 
any jurisdiction from or through which payments made by or on behalf of the Federation under or with 
respect to the NVCC Subordinated Notes are made. 
"Threshold Number" means, as applicable, the number of Capital Stock issuable or deliverable to any 
Person that would cause that Person to become a Significant Holder, being the sum of (i) the total number 
of Capital Stock held by that Person immediately prior to the Automatic Conversion and (ii) the total number 
of Capital Stock otherwise issuable or deliverable to that Person by virtue of the operation of the Automatic 
Conversion, less (iii) the greatest number of Capital Stock that such Person could hold, directly or indirectly, 
without being a Significant Holder. 
8. Conversion Option for NVCC Subordinated Notes 
A Noteholder of NVCC Subordinated Notes of any Series may, at its option, subject to applicable law and 
only upon notice from the Federation, which may be given from time to time only with the prior written 
approval of the AMF and other required regulatory approvals, convert all, but not less than all, of the 
principal amount of NVCC Subordinated Notes of such Series held by such Noteholder on the date specified 
in the notice, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, into an equal aggregate principal amount 
of new Subordinated Indebtedness which qualifies as regulatory capital under capital adequacy 
requirements adopted by the AMF (including the AMF Guideline), as will be specified in the notice, and 
without the payment of any further consideration therefor. If given, such notice from the Federation shall be 
given not less than 30 days, nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for the conversion, set a date for 
conversion of the NVCC Subordinated Notes, describe the steps required to be taken by a holder of NVCC 
Subordinated Notes in order to exercise its conversion option, describe the nature of the new Subordinated 
Indebtedness and otherwise shall be given in accordance with Condition 17 herein.

--- Page 307 ---
-289- 
9. Payments 
(a) Payments in respect of Registered Notes  
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any 
of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by electronic transfer to the Designated Account (as 
defined herein) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the 
Register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Fiscal Agent (i) in the case of Definitive 
Registered Notes, at the close of business on the third Business Day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located) before the 
relevant due date and (ii) in the case of Global Registered Notes, at the close of business on the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the 
case may be, are open for business) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, 
if a holder does not have a "Designated Account", payment will instead be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined herein). For these purposes, "Designated 
Account" means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, 
shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a "Designated Bank" and identified as such 
in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than 
euro) a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the 
Business Day in the city where the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located on the relevant due date 
to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register at the 
close of business on (i) in relation to Global Notes, the first business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, are open for business); 
and (ii) in relation to Definitive Registered Notes, the close of business on the fifteenth day, (whether or not 
such fifteenth day is a Business Day), in each case, prior to the relevant due date (such relevant date 
referred to in (i) or (ii), the "Record Date") at the holder's address shown in the Register on the Record 
Date and at the holder's risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent not 
less than three Business Days in the city where the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located before the 
due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by 
electronic transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application 
for electronic transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due 
on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the 
initial application until such time as the Fiscal Agent is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. 
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same 
manner as payment of the principal in respect of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance 
with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Fiscal Agent in respect of any payments of principal or 
interest in respect of the Registered Notes.

--- Page 308 ---
-290- 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, as 
registered holder of a Global Registered Note will be paid in accordance with the applicable policies in effect 
from time to time of the depositary or clearing system. Under these policies, the Issuer will pay directly to 
the depositary, its nominee or the applicable clearing system. All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee 
in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer 
of immediately available funds by the Fiscal Agent to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the 
U.S. Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. None of the Federation or the Fiscal Agent will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account 
of, beneficial ownership interests in the Global Registered Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
For a summary of current policies with respect to Foreign Currency Notes, please see "Special 
Provisions Relating To Foreign Currency Notes – DTC Notes" 
(b) Payment of Accrued Interest on Redemption 
If the due date for redemption of any Note in definitive form is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
(c) General Provisions Applicable to All Payments 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
References to "Specified Currency" include any successor currency under applicable law. 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
the holder of the relevant Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments 
in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Federation will be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid; 
(ii) 
each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment 
so made by the Federation to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant Global Note; 
and 
(iii) 
no person other than the holder of the relevant global Note shall have any claim against 
the Federation in respect of any payments due on that Global Note.

--- Page 309 ---
-291- 
(d) 
Payment Business Day 
If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business Day, 
then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until (i) if the Payment Business Day 
Convention is specified as Following Business Day Convention in the applicable Final Terms, the next day 
which is such a day or (ii) if the Payment Business Day Convention is specified as Modified Following 
Business Day Convention in the applicable Final Terms, the next day which is a Payment Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the holder shall be entitled to such 
payment on the immediately preceding Payment Business Day, and from such day and thereafter will be 
entitled to receive payment by cheque on any local banking day, and will be entitled to payment by transfer 
to a designated account on any day which is a local banking day, a Payment Business Day and a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant designated account is located and no further 
payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless 
there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 5. For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: (A) in the case of Notes in definitive 
form only, the relevant place of presentation; and (B) any Additional Financial Centre(s) 
(other than TARGET2) specified in the applicable Final Terms and if TARGET2 is specified 
as an Additional Financial Centre, a TARGET2 Business Day; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which, in the case of Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall 
be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
TARGET2 Business Day. 
(e) Conversion into United States Dollars 
If the Federation is due to make a payment in a currency (the "original currency") other than United 
States Dollars in respect of any Note and the original currency is not available on the foreign exchange 
markets due to the imposition of exchange controls, the original currency's replacement or disuse or other 
circumstances beyond the Federation's control, the Federation will be entitled to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of such payment by making payment in United States Dollars on the basis of the spot exchange 
rate (the "United States Dollar FX Rate") at which the original currency is offered in exchange for United 
States Dollars in the London foreign exchange market (or, at the option of the Calculation Agent, in the 
foreign exchange market of any other financial centre which is then open for business) at noon, London 
time, two Business Days prior to the date on which payment is due or, if the United States Dollar FX Rate 
is not available on that date, on the basis of an average of the United States Dollar FX Rate on each of the 
immediately preceding ten Business Days on which the United States Dollar FX Rate is available as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, the United States Dollar FX Rate or 
fallback rate as aforesaid may be such that the resulting United States Dollars amount is zero and in such 
event no amount of United States Dollars or the original currency will be payable. Any payment made in

--- Page 310 ---
-292- 
United States Dollars or non-payment in accordance with this paragraph will not constitute an Event of 
Default under Condition 12.  
For the purposes of this Condition 9(e), "Calculation Agent" means any entity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or otherwise any entity appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time. 
(f) Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i)  
any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 11 in respect of principal; 
(ii)  
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii)  
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv)  
the Optional Redemption Amount of the Notes;  
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi)  
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 11 in respect of 
interest. 
(g) Specific payment provisions relating to certain types of Exempt Notes 
In the case of Notes redeemable in instalments, payments of instalments of principal (other than the 
final instalment) in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made in the same 
manner as payment of interest in respect of such Registered Note specified in Condition 9(a). Payment of 
final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal in respect of such 
Registered Note specified in Condition 9(a). 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amount. 
10. Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Fiscal Agent, the transfer agent and the exchange agent and the other initial 
Registered Notes Paying Agents (collectively, the "Agents") and their initial specified offices are set out on 
the Notes. If any additional or other Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. In acting under the Agency Agreement, the 
Agents will act solely as agents of the Federation and do not assume any obligations or relationships of 
agency or trust to or with the Noteholders, except that (without affecting the obligations of the Federation 
to the Noteholders to repay Notes and pay interest thereon) funds received by the Agent for the payment

--- Page 311 ---
-293- 
of principal of or interest on the Notes shall be held by it in trust for the Noteholders until the expiration of 
the relevant period of prescription under Condition 16. The Federation agrees to perform and observe the 
obligations imposed upon it under the Agency Agreement and to cause the Agents to perform and observe 
the obligations imposed upon them under the Agency Agreement. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions for the indemnification of the Agents and for relief from responsibility in certain circumstances, 
and entitles any of them to enter into business transactions with the Federation and its subsidiaries, if any, 
without being liable to account to the Noteholders for any resulting profit. 
The Federation is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent (including the Fiscal Agent) 
or any other paying agent appointed under the terms of the Agency Agreement and/or appoint additional 
or other paying agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any paying agent 
acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes of this Series are listed on any stock exchange or competent authority, 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) and/or a Transfer 
Agent with a specified office in each location required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority); 
(ii) 
so long as any Notes are outstanding, there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent; and 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Global Registered Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an exchange 
agent with a specified office in the United States. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
provided that no such variation, termination, appointment or change shall take effect (except in the case of 
insolvency in which case, termination should be immediate or in the case of a Paying Agent ceasing to be 
a Participating FFI in which case termination will be immediate upon notice in writing) within 15 days before 
or after any Interest Payment Date.  
For the purposes of this Condition, "Participating FFI" means a "foreign financial institution" that is a 
"participating foreign financial institution" (as each such term is defined pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, and any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) as from the effective 
date of withholding on "foreign passthru payments" (a term not yet defined by legislation or regulation). A 
participating foreign financial institution includes any financial institution that is deemed to be compliant with 
the provisions of section 1471(b) of the Code pursuant to an applicable agreement between the United 
States and another jurisdiction. 
11. Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Federation in respect of the Notes will be 
made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Government of Canada 
or any province, territory or political division thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges are 
required by law or by the interpretation or administration thereof. In that event, the Federation will, subject

--- Page 312 ---
-294- 
to its right of redemption set out in Condition 6(b)(i), pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in 
order that the net amounts receivable by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal or interest which would have been receivable in respect of the Notes in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Note by reason of that person having any present or future connection with 
Canada other than the mere holding or use outside Canada, or ownership as a non-
resident of Canada, of such Note; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on or before such thirtieth day, assuming, for this purpose, that day to 
have been a Payment Business Day (as defined in Condition 9(d)); or 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any current or future regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any 
agreement described in Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement 
entered into between the United States and any other country in connection with the 
implementation of the foregoing, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official 
practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement; or  
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder with whom the Federation is not dealing at 
arm's length within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada) (the "Act"); or 
(v) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is, or who does not deal at arm's length 
with a person who is, a "specified shareholder" (as defined in subsection 18(5) of the Act) 
of the Federation; or 
(vi) 
 to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party 
complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third party 
makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax 
authority or paying agent in the place where the relevant Note is presented for payment; 
or 
(vii) 
where such withholding or deductions is imposed by reason of the payment or deemed 
payment being deemed to be paid as interest or a dividend to a non-resident of Canada 
(other than the Noteholder) pursuant to subsections 212(3.2) or 214(16) of the Act; or 
(viii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed by reason of any payment of principal of 
or interest on the Notes by the Federation to any Noteholder (or beneficial owner), as the 
case may be, who is a fiduciary or partnership or any person other than the sole beneficial 
owner of such payment, to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such 
fiduciary, a member of such a partnership or the beneficial owner of such payment would 
not have been entitled to the additional amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or 
beneficial owner been the actual holder or beneficial owners of such Notes.

--- Page 313 ---
-295- 
If the Federation becomes subject generally at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than, or in 
addition to, Canada, references in Condition 6(b)(i) and this Condition 11 to Canada shall be read 
and construed as references to Canada or any province or territory thereof and/or to such other 
taxing jurisdiction(s).  
As used herein, "Relevant Date" means: 
(A) 
the date on which such payment first becomes due; or 
(B) 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or 
prior to such due date, the date on which the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17. 
12. Events of Default 
(a) Senior Notes 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") should occur and be continuing, the holder of any 
Senior Note may, upon written notice of acceleration to both the Federation and the Fiscal Agents (with a 
copy to the U.S. Registrar), cause such Senior Note to become due and payable as of the date on which 
the said notice of acceleration is received by both the Federation and the Fiscal Agents (with a copy to the 
U.S. Registrar), at the Early Redemption Amount thereof (as described in Condition 6(e)), together with 
accrued interest, unless prior to the receipt of such notice by both the Federation and the Fiscal Agents 
(with a copy to the U.S. Registrar), the Federation shall have cured or otherwise made good such Event of 
Default in respect of the relevant Senior Notes: 
(i) 
failure for 30 Business Days (as defined in Condition 5(b)) to pay when due any interest on 
any Senior Note; 
(ii) 
failure for 30 Business Days (as defined in Condition 5(b)) to pay when due the principal 
of any Senior Note; or 
(iii) 
the Federation becomes insolvent or bankrupt or subject to the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution provisions of the Cooperatives Act or other applicable law, or any statute 
hereafter enacted in substitution therefor, as such act, or substituted act, may be amended 
from time to time, or the Federation goes into wind-up, liquidation or dissolution, either 
voluntarily or under an order of a court of competent jurisdiction, duly passes or approves 
a resolution or declaration for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Federation, 
or is ordered wound-up, liquidated or dissolved other than, in each case, for the purposes 
of, or as part of, an Exempt Restructuring; 
provided that a holder of any Bail-inable Note may only exercise, or direct the exercise of, rights under 
this Condition 12(a) where an order has not been sought by the AMF in respect of any deposit institution 
being part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins and made by the resolution board pursuant to Section 40.12 
of the Deposit Institutions Act.

--- Page 314 ---
-296- 
Notwithstanding the exercise of any rights by holders of Notes under this Condition 12(a) in respect of 
Bail-inable Notes, Bail-inable Notes will continue to be subject to the Resolution Powers (including the Bail-
in Powers) of the AMF under and pursuant to the Deposit Institutions Act and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder, including the Prescribed Debt Regulations.  
A conversion, in whole or in part, of Bail-inable Notes into Conversion Securities will not be an Event 
of Default in relation to such Bail-inable Notes. 
By its acquisition of the Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial 
interest in any Bail-inable Note), to the extent permitted by law, waives any and all claims, in law and/or in 
equity, against any Agent (in each case solely in its capacity as Agent), for, agrees not to initiate a suit 
against any Agent in respect of, and agrees that no Agent shall be liable for, any action that an Agent takes, 
or abstains from taking, in either case in accordance with the conversion, in whole or in part, of Bail-inable 
Notes into Conversion Securities pursuant to the Bail-in Powers. 
(b) NVCC Subordinated Notes 
In the event that the Federation shall become insolvent or bankrupt or subject to the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution provisions of the Cooperatives Act or other applicable law, or any statute hereafter 
enacted in substitution therefor, as such act, or substituted act, may be amended from time to time, or if the 
Federation goes into wind-up, liquidation or dissolution, either voluntarily or under an order of a court of 
competent jurisdiction, duly passes or approves a resolution or declaration for the winding-up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Federation, or is ordered wound-up, liquidated or dissolved other than, in each case, 
for the purposes of, or as part of, an Exempt Restructuring (each an "Event of Default"), then, absent a 
Non-Viability Trigger Event, a holder of any NVCC Subordinated Note may, upon written notice to both the 
Federation and the Fiscal Agent, cause the entire principal amount of and accrued and unpaid interest on 
such NVCC Subordinated Note to become due and payable as of the date on which the said notice is 
received by both the Federation and the Fiscal Agent. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Conditions, the NVCC Subordinated Notes and the 
Agency Agreement and for greater certainty, none of (i) the non-payment or default in the payment of 
interest on the NVCC Subordinated Notes, (ii) a default in the performance of any other covenant or other 
obligation of the Federation in these Conditions, the NVCC Subordinated Notes or the Agency Agreement 
or (iii) the occurrence of an Automatic Conversion upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event 
shall constitute an Event of Default under these Conditions, the NVCC Subordinated Notes and the Agency 
Agreement.  
"Exempt Restructuring" means a resolution or order for wind-up, liquidation or dissolution of the 
Federation with a view to the amalgamation, consolidation, combination or merger of the Federation with 
or into another Person (a "Successor in Business") or the conveyance, transfer, sale or lease of the 
Federation's properties and assets as an entirety to such Successor in Business where the amalgamation, 
consolidation, combination, merger, conveyance, transfer, sale or lease complies with the following 
conditions (as applicable): 
(i) 
in case the Federation shall merge, amalgamate, consolidate or otherwise combine with a 
Successor in Business or sell or lease substantially all of the Federation's assets to a Successor in 
Business, the Successor in Business shall be a duly organized entity and shall be legally

--- Page 315 ---
-297- 
responsible for and assume the obligations of the Federation under and pursuant to these 
Conditions and the Notes (which may be as a result of a substitution as principal debtor of a 
Successor in Business pursuant to Condition 13, operation of law or otherwise); 
(ii) 
in case the Federation shall amalgamate with one or more federations of financial services 
cooperatives, such amalgamation shall be in accordance with the terms of Chapter IX, Division IX 
of the Cooperatives Act; 
(iii) 
in the case of Senior Notes only, any such amalgamation, merger, combination or consolidation, 
or sale or lease of assets, would not result in an Event of Default as described in Condition 12(a)(i) 
or Condition 12(a)(ii), nor any event which, after the requirement for giving the Federation and the 
Fiscal Agent a notice of acceleration in accordance with Condition 12(a) and any requirements for 
lapse of time for the event to become a default were both disregarded, would become an Event of 
Default in respect of the Senior Notes as described in Condition 12(a)(i) or Condition 12(a)(ii); and 
(iv) 
the Successor in Business has, as a part of such amalgamation, consolidation, combination, 
merger, conveyance, transfer, sale or lease, within ninety (90) days from the passing of the 
resolution or declaration or order for the wind-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Federation (or 
within such further period of time as may be sanctioned by the Noteholders by means of an 
Extraordinary Resolution), delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Successor in Business and, other than in respect of sub-paragraph (II) below; (A) 
an opinion of independent legal advisors of recognised standing, stating that; (I) such 
amalgamation, merger, combination, consolidation, or sale or lease of assets complies with the 
conditions precedent described in subparagraph (i) and, if applicable, subparagraph (ii) of this 
definition of Exempt Restructuring, and (II) where Senior Notes are outstanding at the date of the 
passing of such resolution or declaration or order as aforesaid or at the date of the completion of 
any such amalgamation, consolidation, combination, merger or conveyance, transfer, sale or lease 
of properties and assets, such amalgamation, consolidation, combination, merger, or conveyance, 
transfer, sale or lease of properties and assets complies with subparagraph (iii), and (B) to the 
extent that the Exempt Restructuring results in the substitution of the Successor in Business 
pursuant to Condition 13, the conditions for such substitution as described in Condition 13 have 
been satisfied. 
The Fiscal Agent shall make available the certificate and opinion of independent legal advisors as 
required by subparagraph (iv) of the definition of Exempt Restructuring at its offices for inspection by the 
Noteholders, upon reasonable request, at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
13. Substitution of Successor in Business 
The Federation (and any Successor in Business which is substituted for the Federation in accordance 
with this Condition 13), may at any time subject to applicable law and to obtaining proper consents from 
regulatory authorities, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under 
the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, NVCC Subordinated Notes, any Successor in Business to the 
Federation (or to any previous Successor(s) in Business to the Federation) (the "Substitute"), provided 
that no payment in respect of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, the NVCC Subordinated Notes is 
at the relevant time overdue and provided further that, in respect of a substitution of the principal debtor 
under any Bail-inable Notes where the substitution would lead to a breach of the Federation's TLAC

--- Page 316 ---
-298- 
requirements (or, if applicable, the relevant TLAC requirements of any Successor in Business), the 
Federation (or the relevant Successor in Business) may only substitute itself as principal debtor with the 
prior written approval of the AMF. Effective at the time of the substitution, the Federation (or any relevant 
Successor in Business) shall be released from all its liabilities, in its capacity as issuer of the Notes, 
contained in the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, NVCC Subordinated Notes. 
The substitution shall be made pursuant to a deed poll ("Deed Poll"), and may take place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall agree to indemnify each Noteholder against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the 
country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with 
respect to any Senior Note or, as the case may be, NVCC Subordinated Note as a result of any 
laws or regulations then in effect at the time of the substitution and that would not have been so 
imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution; 
(ii) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of 
any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Conditions, the Senior Notes or, as the 
case may be, the NVCC Subordinated Notes represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and that all action, conditions and things required to be later fulfilled 
are done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the 
Senior Notes or, as the case may be, the NVCC Subordinated Notes represent its valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and 
effect; 
(iii) 
the Substitute shall be or have become party to the Agency Agreement in its capacity as issuer of 
the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, NVCC Subordinated Notes, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments; 
(iv) 
legal opinions addressed to the Fiscal Agent and the relevant initial purchasers, managers or, as 
the case may be, dealers (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) shall have been delivered to it 
from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in 
(i) above and in the Province of Québec, Canada as to the matters of the preceding conditions of 
this Condition 13 and the other matters reasonably specified in the Deed Poll; and 
(v) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise 
reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents. 
The Deed Poll shall amend the Conditions of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, NVCC 
Subordinated Notes which the Substitute in its reasonable discretion and acting in good faith deems to be 
necessary or desirable with the intention that such Conditions shall reflect the Conditions which could have 
applied had the Substitute been the original issuer of the Notes. References in Condition 11 to obligations 
under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll.

--- Page 317 ---
-299- 
14. Meetings of and Consents of Noteholders; Modification and Amendment 
The Agency Agreement provides that the Registered Notes and the Agency Agreement may be 
amended by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent without the consent of the Noteholders with respect to: 
(i) 
any modification which is in the Issuer's and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; 
or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Registered Notes or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
The Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may amend the Registered Notes or the Agency Agreement with the 
written consent of the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Registered Notes then 
outstanding voting as a single class, subject to the next succeeding paragraph; provided however that 
without the consent of each Noteholder affected thereby, no amendment may: 
(i) 
reduce the amount of Registered Notes whose holders must consent to an amendment; 
(ii) 
reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest on any Registered Note; 
(iii) 
reduce the principal or extend the stated maturity date of any Registered Note; 
(iv) 
reduce the premium or amount payable upon the redemption of any Registered Note or 
change the time at which any Registered Note may be redeemed in accordance with its 
terms; 
(v) 
make any Registered Note payable in currency other than that stated in such Registered 
Note; 
(vi) 
expressly subordinate any Registered Note to any other indebtedness of the Issuer save 
as permitted in accordance with its terms; 
(vii) 
impair the right of any Noteholder to receive payment of principal, premium, if any, and 
interest on such Noteholder's Registered Notes on or after the due dates therefor or to 
institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or with respect to such Noteholder's 
Registered Notes; or 
(viii) 
make any amendment to the events of default as described in Condition 12. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to the Conditions pursuant to 
Condition 5(h) to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis 
for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement required to be made in the circumstances described in Condition 5(h), where 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 5(h). Save as provided below, 
all outstanding Registered Notes shall vote and consent together on all matters (as to which any of such

--- Page 318 ---
-300- 
Registered Notes may vote) as one class and no Series of Registered Notes shall have the right to vote or 
consent as a separate class on any matter; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
an amendment which in the opinion of the Issuer affects the Registered Notes of only one 
Series shall be voted on and consented to solely by the holders of the Registered Notes of 
that Series; 
(ii) 
an amendment which in the opinion of the Issuer affects the Registered Notes of more than 
one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of Registered 
Notes of any of the Series so affected shall be voted on and consented to by the Holders 
of the Registered Notes of all the Series so affected voting as a single class; and 
(iii) 
an amendment which in the opinion of the Issuer affects the Registered Notes of more than 
one Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of the 
Registered Notes of one Series or group of Series so affected and the holders of the 
Registered Notes of another Series or group of Series so affected shall be voted on and 
consented to by the Holders of the Registered Notes of each Series or group of Series so 
affected voting in separate classes, such that the consent of each such class shall be 
required before an amendment shall be effected. 
A consent to an amendment or a waiver by a Noteholder shall bind the Noteholder and every 
subsequent holder of that Registered Note or portion of the Registered Note that evidences the same debt 
as the consenting Noteholder's Note, even if notation of the consent or waiver is not made on the Registered 
Note.  
The Issuer may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the 
Noteholders entitled to give their consent or take any other action described above or required or permitted 
to be taken pursuant to the Agency Agreement. If a record date is fixed, then those persons who were 
Noteholders at such record date (or their duly designated proxies), and only those persons, shall be entitled 
to give such consent or to revoke any consent previously given or to take any such action, whether or not 
such persons continue to be Noteholders after such record date. No such consent, irrespective of when 
given, shall be valid or effective for more than 120 days after such record date. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Condition 14, the prior written approval of the AMF is required to amend 
or vary (i) the terms of any NVCC Subordinated Notes where such amendment or variation would affect the 
recognition of the NVCC Subordinated Notes as regulatory capital under capital adequacy requirements 
adopted by the AMF (including the AMF Guideline), or (ii) the terms of any Bail-inable Notes where such 
amendment or variation may affect the eligibility of the Notes as TLAC under the guidelines for TLAC that 
apply to the Federation (including the TLAC Guideline). 
15. Replacement of Notes 
Should any Note be mutilated, defaced or destroyed or be lost or stolen, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any Transfer Agent (the "Replacement Agent") (or such other place 
as may be notified to the Noteholders), in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and the 
requirements of any stock exchange on which the Notes are listed, upon payment by the claimant of the 
expenses incurred by the Federation and the Replacement Agent in connection therewith and on such

--- Page 319 ---
-301- 
terms as to evidence, indemnity, security or otherwise as the Federation and the Replacement Agent may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. Prescription 
The Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of two years from the date 
on which related payment of principal or interest shall have become due and payable and monies sufficient 
therefor shall have been duly made available for payment. 
17. Notices 
Notices to Holders of Definitive Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail (or equivalent) or, if posted to an overseas address, by air mail to them (or, in the case of joint Holders, 
to the first-named in the register kept by the Fiscal Agent) at their respective addresses as recorded in the 
register kept by the Fiscal Agent, and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth weekday 
after the date of such mailing or, if posted from another country, on the fifth such day. The Federation shall 
also ensure that notices are duly published in compliance with the requirements of each stock exchange or 
any other relevant authority on which the Notes are listed, including on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that the rules of any relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant listing authority permit), so long as the Global Notes for this Series are 
held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such 
mailing of notice, as set out in the foregoing paragraphs of this Condition 17, the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes of this Series. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes of 
this Series on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC. 
Notices to be given to the Federation by any holder of the Notes of this Series shall be in writing and 
given by lodging the same, together with the relevant Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent. Whilst any of 
the Notes of this Series are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Note of this Series to the Fiscal Agent via Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case 
may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the 
case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
18. Currency Indemnity 
Save as provided in Condition 9(e), if, under any applicable law and whether pursuant to a judgment 
being made or registered against the Federation or in the liquidation, insolvency or analogous process of 
the Federation or for any other reason, any payment under or in connection with the Notes is made or fails 
to be satisfied in a currency (the "other currency") other than that in which the relevant payment is 
expressed to be due (the "required currency") under the Notes, then, to the extent that the payment (when 
converted into the required currency at the rate of exchange on the date of payment or, if it is not practicable 
for the relevant Noteholder to purchase the required currency with the other currency on the date of 
payment, at the rate of exchange as soon thereafter as it is practicable for it to do so or, in the case of a 
liquidation, insolvency or analogous process at the rate of exchange on the latest date permitted by 
applicable law for the determination of liabilities in such liquidation, insolvency or analogous process)

--- Page 320 ---
-302- 
actually received by the relevant Noteholder falls short of the amount due under the terms of the Notes, the 
Federation shall, as a separate and independent obligation, indemnify and hold harmless the relevant 
Noteholder against the amount of such shortfall. For the purpose of this Condition 15, "rate of exchange" 
means the noon spot rate at which the relevant Noteholder is able, on the London foreign currency 
exchange market on the relevant date, to purchase the required currency with the other currency as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and shall take into account any premium and other reasonable cost 
of exchange. 
19. Further Issues 
The Federation shall be at liberty from time to time without notice to, or the consent of, the Noteholders 
to create and issue further Notes ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the Issue 
Date, the Interest Commencement Date, the date and amount of the first payment of interest thereon and/or 
the Issue Price) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Notes, provided, that if such additional Notes are not fungible with the outstanding Notes of that Series for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, the additional Notes must have a separate CUSIP number. 
20. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
Each of the Agency Agreement, Senior Notes and NVCC Subordinated Notes will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, except that: 
(i) 
with respect to Bail-inable Notes, the provisions in Condition 4(a) relating to ranking, the 
provisions in the third and fourth paragraphs of Condition 4(c) relating to the bail-in agreement 
by holders and beneficial owners of Bail-inable Notes and the provisions of the second 
sentence of the next paragraph will be governed by the laws of the Province of Québec and 
the laws of Canada applicable therein and 
(ii) 
with respect to NVCC Subordinated Notes, the provisions in Condition 4(b) relating to ranking 
and the provisions in Condition 7 relating to Automatic Conversion upon the occurrence of a 
Non-Viability Trigger Event will be governed by the laws of the Province of Québec and the 
laws of Canada applicable therein. 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding against it brought under the 
Agency Agreement or the Senior Notes issued thereunder may be instituted in any state or federal court in 
the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York, and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such 
proceeding and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any suit, action or 
proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each holder or beneficial owner of an interest in a Bail-inable 
Note is deemed to attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Québec in Canada with respect 
to the Deposit Institutions Act, the Prescribed Debt Regulations and the other laws and regulations 
applicable in Québec with respect to the Bail-inable Notes, and the laws of the Province of Québec and the 
federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the application of the Deposit Institutions Act, the 
Prescribed Debt Regulations and the other laws and regulations applicable in Québec with respect to the 
Bail-inable Notes, as provided for in Condition 4(c). 
The Issuer (i) has irrevocably appointed CT Corporation System as its authorized agent (the 
"Authorized Agent") upon which process may be served in any such action arising under the Agency

--- Page 321 ---
-303- 
Agreement or the Notes issued thereunder which may be instituted in any state or federal court in the 
Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York, (ii) expressly consents to the jurisdiction of any 
such court in respect of any such action and (iii), to the fullest extent permitted by law, waives any other 
requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction with respect thereto. The Issuer represents and 
warrants that the Authorized Agent has agreed to act as said agent for service of process, and the Issuer 
agrees to take any and all action, including the filing of any and all documents, that may be necessary to 
continue such appointment in full force and effect as aforesaid. Service of process upon the Authorized 
Agent and written notice of such service to the Issuer shall be deemed, in every respect, effective service 
of process upon the Issuer. To the extent that the Issuer may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial 
proceedings may at any time be commenced under the Agency Agreement or the Notes issued thereunder, 
to claim for itself or its revenues or assets any immunity from suit, jurisdiction, attachment in aid or execution 
of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment or any other legal process with respect to its 
obligations under the Agency Agreement or the Notes issued thereunder and to the extent that in any such 
jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Issuer such an immunity (whether or not claimed), the Issuer 
hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the maximum extent 
permitted by law. 
In connection with any action or proceeding instituted in the United States, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
and the holders of the Notes issued under the Agency Agreement agree that any legal suit, action and 
proceeding arising out of the Agency Agreement or the Notes issued thereunder shall be brought in the 
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York or in a New York State Court in the County 
of New York and that, in connection with any such action or proceeding, submit to the jurisdiction of, and 
venue in, such court. Each of such parties hereto also irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any 
action, proceeding or counterclaim arising out of under the Agency Agreement or the Notes issued 
thereunder.

--- Page 322 ---
-304- 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR REGISTERED NOTES OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Registered Notes 
other than Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UNITED KINGDOM MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("United Kingdom MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "United Kingdom MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[MiFID II / Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
                                                     
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 323 ---
-305- 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA.  Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "United 
Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be 
unlawful under the United Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation. ]2 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 
289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the "SFA") – [In 
connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined the classification of the 
Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Singapore 
Monetary Authority (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]]3 
 
THE NOTES ARE NOT INSURED UNDER THE DEPOSIT INSTITUTIONS AND DEPOSIT PROTECTION 
ACT (QUÉBEC) OR THE CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION ACT.  
[THE NOTES (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS THEREIN) ARE (IN EACH CASE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART) 
SUBJECT TO CONVERSION INTO CONTRIBUTED CAPITAL SECURITIES OF THE FEDERATION, OF 
A DEPOSIT-TAKING INSTITUTION THAT IS PART OF THE GROUPE COOPÉRATIF DESJARDINS OR 
OF A LEGAL PERSON CONSTITUTED OR RESULTING FROM AN AMALGAMATION/CONTINUANCE 
OR OTHER CONVERSION CARRIED OUT FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE RESOLUTION OF THE 
FÉDÉRATION DES CAISSES DESJARDINS DU QUÉBEC BY THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS 
FINANCIERS (QUÉBEC) UNDER SECTION 40.50 OF THE DEPOSIT INSTITUTIONS AND DEPOSIT 
PROTECTION ACT (QUÉBEC) AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER (INCLUDING, 
AMONG OTHERS, THE REGULATION RESPECTING THE CLASSES OF NEGOTIABLE AND 
                                                     
 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to United Kingdom retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
3  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to 
the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 324 ---
-306- 
TRANSFERABLE UNSECURED DEBTS AND THE ISSUANCE OF SUCH DEBTS AND OF SHARES 
(QUÉBEC)).]4 
 
FINAL TERMS 
 
Final Terms dated [Signing Date of Issue] 
 
 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec 
(the "Issuer") 
 
LEI: 549300B2Q47IR0CR5B54 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] (the "Notes") 
 
Under the €7,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Registered Notes" (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2021 
[and the supplemental Base Prospectus[es] dated ●] which [together] constitute[s] a Base Prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). As used herein, "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus is available on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com and such documents, together with all documents 
incorporated by reference therein, [is][are] available for viewing during normal business hours and upon 
reasonable notice at the office in London, England of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch and 
copies may be obtained from the offices of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec at 100, avenue 
des Commandeurs, Lévis, Québec, Canada G6V 7N5.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec dated 
21 December 2017 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2021 
which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. As used herein, 
                                                     
 
4  
Include for Bail-inable Notes only.

--- Page 325 ---
-307- 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2021 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus[es] dated ●], which [together] constitute[s] a Base Prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus") in order to obtain all the relevant information. [The Base 
Prospectus is available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com and such documents, 
including all documents incorporated by reference therein, are available for viewing during normal business 
hours and upon reasonable notice at the office in London, England of The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch and copies may be obtained from Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec at 100, avenue 
des Commandeurs, Lévis, Québec, Canada G6V 7N5.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series and be interchangeable 
for trading purposes with the [insert description of 
the Series] on [ ] [the Issue Date].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount [of Notes 
admitted to trading]: 
[ ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[ ] 
[Insert total nominal amount of outstanding Notes 
including the Tranche which is the subject of these 
Final Terms] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]

--- Page 326 ---
-308- 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: ** 
[ ] 
[Note – where multiple denominations above [ ] (or 
its equivalent) are being used, the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
 
[[ ] [and integral multiples of [ ] in excess thereof up 
to and including [ ].]  
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, 
if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the 
United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition contained in Section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
[If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor] 
[Note – there must be a common factor in the case 
of two or more Specified Denominations.] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. an Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example, Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
 [[ ][, subject to adjustment for payment day 
purposes only in accordance with the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention]] [Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [ ] [ ]] 
                                                     
 
** The minimum Specified Denomination of the Notes shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The minimum 
Specified Denomination for (i) Registered Notes offered under Rule 144A only shall be not less than US$200,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) and (ii) Registered Notes offered under Rule 144A and Regulation S shall be not less than US$200,000 (or an 
amount in a Specified Currency that is not U.S. dollars, which is not less than €100,000 or the equivalent thereof at the date of issue 
of the Notes)

--- Page 327 ---
-309- 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [subject to change as 
indicated in paragraph 10 below] 
[[+/– [ ] percent [Insert one of Floating Rate options 
below] Floating Rate] [subject to change as 
indicated in paragraph 10 below] 
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [  ] [and [  ]] and every [  
] anniversary thereafter Fixed Rate Reset] 
[[ ] Month [currency] EURIBOR] 
[SOFR Observation Shift] [SOFR Index]  
[CMT Rate] 
 
 
 
[Commercial Paper Rate] 
[Federal Funds Rate] 
[Prime Rate] 
[Treasury Rate] 
[Zero Coupon Note] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
[13/14/15/16] below) 
 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes would be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [par] / [[ 
] per cent. of their 
nominal amount] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[[Not Applicable]  
[[Coupon Switch Option is applicable and the 
Coupon Switch Option Date is [  
]] / [Prior 
to Coupon Switch Option Date, paragraph [13/15] 
applies. On and following Coupon Switch Option 
Date, paragraph [13/15] applies] / [For these 
purposes and Condition 4(f): 
[Principal Financial Centre is [ 
 
]] / [Notice 
Period is [ 
 
]] /[Additional Business 
Centres [ 
 
]]]] 
[Paragraph 13 applicable for the period from and 
including [ ] to but excluding [ ]] [Paragraph 15 
applicable for the period from and including [ 
] 
to but excluding the Maturity Date] 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Noteholder Put Option] (Put Option not applicable 
to Bail-inable Notes or NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
[Issuer Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph [18/19] 
below)]

--- Page 328 ---
-310- 
12. 
(i)  
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes] [NVCC Subordinated Notes] 
 
(ii)  
Bail-inable Notes: 
[Yes] [No] 
(N.B. Bail-inable Notes can only be Senior Notes) 
 
(iii) 
Negative Covenant: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Negative Covenant may only be applicable to 
NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
 
(iv)  
Date Board approval for issuance 
 
of Notes obtained: 
[ ] [and, [ ], respectively]] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where new resolution is 
required for the particular Tranche of Notes 
(including NVCC Subordinated Notes)) 
 
(v) 
Automatic Conversion: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Automatic Conversion is only applicable to 
NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- Multiplier: 
[    ] 
(Insert amount if different than 1.50 or otherwise 
delete) 
 
- Conversion Price: 
[C$10] 
(N.B. This will be C$10, unless the Federation 
provides written notice of a change to the par value 
of the Class Z Shares) 
 
- Prevailing Exchange Rate: 
[    ] 
 
- Specified Time: 
[    ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear] on each 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 329 ---
-311- 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ 
]] in each year [up to and including 
the Maturity Date] [adjusted for payment day 
purposes only in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in paragraph 13(iv) below] 
[adjusted for payment and interest accrual 
purposes in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in paragraph 13(iv) below] 
 
 
(iii) 
Adjusted Fixed Interest Periods: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
 
(applicable to Notes in definitive 
form only. For Notes in global form, 
see Condition 5(a) for calculation of 
interest) 
[[ ] per [ ] Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
(applicable to Notes issued in 
definitive form only. For Notes 
issued in global form, see Condition 
5(a) for calculation of interest) 
[Not Applicable] [[ ] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[ ]] 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/Actual/360/Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(See Condition 5(a) for definitions) 
(N.B. Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise 
agreed) 
 
(ix) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Not Applicable] [ 
 
] 
 
(x) 
Determination Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [[ ] in each year] 
(Insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of long or 
short first or last coupon. N.B. Only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))

--- Page 330 ---
-312- 
14.
 
 
Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year [from and including [ ]] [until 
and excluding [ ]] 
 
(iii) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ]  
 
(iv) 
First Reset Margin: 
[ ] 
 
(v) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate: 
[[semi-annual] [annualised] [Mid-Swap Rate]] 
[Benchmark Gilt Rate] [Reference Bond] [CMT 
Rate] 
 
(viii) 
CMT Designated Maturity: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
CMT Reset Determination Time: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Swap Rate Period: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Screen Page: 
[ICESWAP1]/[ICESWAP2]/[ICESWAP3]/[ICESWA
P4]/[ICESWAP5]/[ICESWAP6]/[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Fixed Leg: 
[[semi-annual]/[annual] 
calculated 
on 
a[n 
Actual/365]/[30/360]/[  ] day count basis][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate: 
[[3]/[6]/[  ]-month [EURIBOR/[  ] rate calculated on 
an[Actual/365]/[Actual/360]/[ 
 
] 
day 
count 
basis]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)] 
in 
respect of the period from (and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 331 ---
-313- 
 
(xvi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] [[ ] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[ ]] 
 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual / 365] 
[Actual / 365 (fixed)]   
[Actual / 360] 
[30 / 360] 
[30E / 360] 
[30E / 360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(xviii) 
Determination Dates: 
[[  ] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Calculation Agent: 
[ ] 
 
(xx) 
Relevant Time: 
[11:00 a.m.]/[  ]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
First Reset Period Fallback: 
[ ] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider 
whether EURIBOR or Compounded SOFR Rate is 
the appropriate reference rate.) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination]  
 
(vii) 
Calculation Agent (responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s)) if not the 
Agent: 
[[ ] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 332 ---
-314- 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Reference Rate: 
[Compounded SOFR] [ ] 
month 
[currency] 
[EURIBOR] 
[CMT Rate - Reuters Page FRBCMT / Reuters 
Page FEDCMT]  
[Commercial Paper Rate] 
[Federal Funds Rate – [Federal Funds (Effective) 
Rate / Federal Funds Target Rate]] 
[Prime Rate] 
[Treasury Rate] 
 
 
● 
Calculation Method: 
[Observation Shift] [SOFR Index] (only relevant to 
Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR) 
 
 
● 
Observation Shift Period: 
[ 
] (number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the Observation Shift Period) 
(only relevant to SOFR where Observation Shift is 
specified above) 
 
 
● 
SOFR Index Observation 
Period: 
[ 
] (number of U.S. Government Securtieis 
Business Days in the SOFR Index Observation 
Period) (only relevant to SOFR where SOFR Index 
is specified above) 
 
 
● 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[[  ] U.S Government Securities Days prior to the 
end of each Interest Period] [Not Applicable]  
(only relevant to Compounded SOFR Rate. Insert 
number of  U.S Government Securities Business 
Days included in Observation Shift Period or SOFR 
Index Observation Period above, as applicable, 
prior to the end of each Interest Period) 
 
 
● 
Specified Time: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Index Maturity: 
[[ ] [month]] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Interest Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Interest Reset Period: 
[[Daily / Weekly / Monthly / Quarterly / Semi-
annually] annually] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Designated CMT Maturity 
Index: 
[[ ] years] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 333 ---
-315- 
 
● 
Benchmark Replacement 
Provisions: 
[Condition 5(i) Applicable] [Condition 5(i) Not 
Applicable] 
(only relevant if Compounded SOFR Rate. If 
Condition 5(i) not specified to be applicable, then 
the benchmark discontinuation provisions of 
Condition 5(h) will apply) 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
● 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
● 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ]  (Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) if 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
applied or that it is a Floating Rate Option subject 
to the ISDA IBORs Supplement if the 2006 
Definitions are applied ) 
 
● 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] (This is not required when the 
Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option) 
 
● 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
● 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
- 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
Lookback: [[ ] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]  
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[ ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
● 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
- 
Averaging Method: 
Averaging with Lookback 
[Lookback:] [[   ] Applicable Business Days]]

--- Page 334 ---
-316- 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
[Observation Period Shift:] [[   ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:[  ]] [Not Applicable] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout:  [[   ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [  ] Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
● 
Index Provisions: 
 
 
- 
Index Method: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[● 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [  ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] [[    ]%] 
 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] [[    ]%] 
 
● 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (Only include where 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
● 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
● 
Non-Representative: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
● 
[Successor Benchmark: 
[ ] Successor Benchmark Effective Date: [ ]] (Only 
include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)]]

--- Page 335 ---
-317- 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/−][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] [The Minimum Rate of 
Interest is as specified in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum, subject to Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C)] [Not Applicable, subject to Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C)] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual / Actual] 
[Actual / 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual / 365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual / 360] 
[30 / 360] 
[30E / 360] 
[30E / 360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 5(b)(iii) for definitions) 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Method: 
[Linear Accrual/Compounding Accrual] 
 
(ii) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[30 / 360] 
[Actual / 360] 
[Actual / 365] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
(v) 
Determination Dates: 
[[ 
] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice period for Condition 6(b)(i): 
Minimum period: [30] [ ] days 
Maximum period: [60] [ ] days

--- Page 336 ---
-318- 
18. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 [[ ][, subject to adjustment for payment day 
purposes only in accordance with the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention]] [The First 
Call Date shall fall on [  ]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Yes] [No] 
(If no, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] [ ] days 
Maximum period: [30] [ ] days 
(N.B.: If setting notice periods which are different 
than those provided in the Conditions, Fédération 
des caisses Desjardins du Québec is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, between Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec and the Agent.) 
 
(v)   
Bail-inable 
Notes 
– 
TLAC 
 
Disqualification Event Call: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as being Applicable or Not Applicable for 
Bail-inable Notes, and as being Not Applicable for 
non Bail-inable Notes)

--- Page 337 ---
-319- 
19. 
Noteholder Put Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) (Put Option not 
applicable 
to 
Bail-inable 
Notes 
or 
NVCC 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] [ ] days 
Maximum period: [30] [ ] days 
(N.B.: If setting notice periods which are different 
than those provided in the Conditions, Fédération 
des caisses Desjardins du Québec is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, between Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec and the applicable 
Agent.) 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[Par] / [[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for tax reasons[, upon the 
occurrence of a Special Event][, TLAC 
Disqualification Event] or on event of 
default: 
[As per Condition 6(e)] [ ] per Calculation Amount] 
[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
Registered Notes: 
 
[DTC/Euro] Regulation S Global Note (US$[ ] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] and 
exchangeable only in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Regulation S Global Note / Euro 
Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of 
a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or

--- Page 338 ---
-320- 
 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
NSS)/Rule 144A Global Registered Note (US$[ ] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] and 
exchangeable only in the limited circumstances 
specified in the relevant Global Note] 
23. 
Payment Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable] [ 
 
] 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which item 15(v) relates) 
25. 
Calculation Agent for purpose of Condition 
9(e): 
[[ 
 
] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
[The entity appointed by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 9(e)]  
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec: 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Duly Authorized

--- Page 339 ---
-321- 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) Listing/Admission to trading: [Application has been made by Fédération des caisses Desjardins 
du Québec (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to [the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin] and to trading on [the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin] with effect from [insert date].  
 
 
 
[Application will be made by Fédération des caisses Desjardins du 
Québec (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to [the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin] and to trading on [the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin] with effect from [insert date].] 
 
 
 
[Tranche[s] [ 
] of the Notes is already admitted to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin.] (To be completed in the case of a fungible 
issue.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses 
 
related to Admission to trading: [ ] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
 
[Not Applicable] [The [Senior/NVCC Subordinated] Notes to be 
issued [have been] [are expected to be] specifically rated: 
 
 
[S&P Canada: [ ]] 
 
 
[Moody's Canada: [ ]] 
 
 
[DBRS: [ ]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [ ]] 
 
 
[Any other Rating Agency: 
[ 
]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
 
 
[[insert credit rating agency] is established in the [European Union] 
[United Kingdom] and has applied for registration under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")] [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as  
such regulation is part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "United 
Kingdom CRA Regulation")], although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the relevant competent authority [and [insert name of credit rating 
agency] is not included in the list of credit rating agencies

--- Page 340 ---
-322- 
published by the [European Securities and Markets Authority] 
[FCA] on its website in accordance with the [EU CRA Regulation] 
[United Kingdom CRA Regulation]].] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the [European 
Union] [United Kingdom] and is registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation")][ 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as such regulation 
is part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "United Kingdom 
CRA Regulation")]. [As such [Insert credit rating agency] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
[European Securities and Markets Authority] [FCA] on its website 
in accordance with the  [EU CRA Regulation]  [United Kingdom 
CRA Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union or United Kingdom and is not registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") nor EU CRA Regulation as such regulation is part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "United Kingdom CRA 
Regulation"). [Insert credit rating agency] is therefore not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority nor the FCA on their 
websites in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation or United 
Kingdom CRA Regulation.]] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union or United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No, 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU 
CRA Regulation") nor the EU CRA Regulation as is part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
("United 
Kingdom 
CRA 
Regulation"). The ratings [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
endorsed by [insert the name of the relevant EU or United 
Kingdom-registered credit rating agency] in accordance with the 
[EU CRA Regulation] [United Kingdom CRA Regulation]. [Insert 
the name of the relevant EU or United Kingdom-registered credit 
rating agency] is established in the [European Union] [United 
Kingdom] and registered under the [EU CRA Regulation] [United 
Kingdom CRA Regulation]. [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU or United Kingdom-registered credit rating agency 
entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the [European Securities and Markets Authority] [FCA] on its 
website in accordance with the  [EU CRA Regulation] [United

--- Page 341 ---
-323- 
Kingdom CRA Regulation] .] The [European Securities Markets 
Authority] 
[FCA] 
has 
indicated 
that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico (delete as appropriate)] which 
have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
European Union or United Kingdom credit rating agency entity that 
applied for registration] may be used in the [European Union] 
[United Kingdom] by the relevant market participants.]] 
 
[[insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union or the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under [(the "EU CRA Regulation")] [Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) as such regulation is part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"United 
Kingdom 
CRA 
Regulation")], but it is certified in accordance with such 
Regulation. [[EITHER:] and it is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the [European Securities and Markets 
Authority] [FCA] on its website in accordance with the [EU CRA 
Regulation] [United Kingdom CRA Regulation] [[OR:] although 
notification of the corresponding certification decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority and [insert 
credit rating agency] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the [European Securities and Markets 
Authority] [FCA] on its website in accordance with the [EU CRA 
Regulation] [United Kingdom CRA Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert name of credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") or such regulation as is part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal)  Act 2018 (the "United Kingdom CRA 
Regulation"). However, the application for registration under the  
[EU CRA Regulation] [United Kingdom CRA Regulation] of [insert 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
[European Union] [United Kingdom], disclosed the intention to 
endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant non-
European Union and non-United Kingdom credit rating agency 
entity][, although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [European Securities 
and Markets Authority] [FCA] and [insert name of credit rating 
agency] is not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the [European Securities and Markets Authority] 
[FCA] on its website in accordance with the [EU CRA Regulation] 
[United Kingdom CRA Regulation]]. The [European Securities

--- Page 342 ---
-324- 
Markets Authority] [FCA] has indicated that ratings issued in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico (delete as appropriate)] which 
have been endorsed by [insert name of credit rating agency] may 
be used in the [European Union] [United Kingdom] by the relevant 
market participants.]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes 
of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:  
[●] 
[Save for any fees payable to the relevant [Managers/Dealers] and as described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions",] so far as Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has 
an interest material to the offer.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a Drawdown 
Prospectus in relation to the Tranche of Notes to be issued or, more generally, a Supplement to 
the Base Prospectus.)] [Not Applicable] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
[As specified in the Base Prospectus] [The net proceeds from 
the issue of the Notes are intended, as of the Issue Date, to 
be applied [by the Issuer to the financing and/or refinancing, 
in whole or in part, of loans, investments or internal or external 
projects that fall within the scope of the [Green Assets Eligible 
Category] [and/or] [Social Assets Eligible Category] as 
outlined in the section of the Base Prospectus titled 
“Sustainable Bond Framework” (the “Eligible Assets”) and 
such Notes will therefore be Sustainable Notes [- Green 
Bonds] [- Social Bonds] [- Sustainability Bonds]] [its general 
corporate purposes] [●]] 
 
[See the sections of the Base Prospectus titled “Use of 
Proceeds” and “Sustainable Bond Framework” and the risk 
factor titled “Notes issued as “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” 
or “Sustainability Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for

--- Page 343 ---
-325- 
all investors seeking exposure to green, social or sustainable 
assets” for further information]  
 
(If the reason for the offer is different from Sustainable Notes 
or general corporate purposes, then such specific reason will 
need to be included here.)  
 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
 
 5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[  
 
 
 ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)  
ISIN: 
[ 
  
  
  
  
  
] 
(ii)  
Common Code:  
[ 
  
  
  
  
  
] 
[(iii)  
CUSIP:] 
 
[ 
  
  
  
  
  
] 
(iv) 
CFI: 
 
 
[[ ] [include code], as updated as set out on] [See] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not 
Applicable] [Not Available] 
(v)  
FISN: 
[[ ] [include code], as updated as set out on] [See] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN] [Not Applicable] [Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested as at the 
completion of the Final Terms, it/they should be specified to 
be "Not Applicable" while if it/they are not available as at the 
completion of the Final Terms, it/they should be specified to 
be "Not Available".) 
(vi)  
WKN or any other relevant 
codes:  
[ ] [Not Applicable]   
  
  
 
(vii)  
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 344 ---
-326- 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
(ix) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional 
Registrar(s), 
Transfer 
Agent(s) or Paying Agent(s) (if any) 
and if applicable a statement that it or 
they should be sole Registrar(s), 
Transfer Agent(s) or Paying Agent(s) 
for the Series: 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s) and address(es)] 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the international central securities depositaries ("ICSDs") as 
Common Safekeeper, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as Common Safekeeper, 
that are held under the New Safekeeping Structure for 
registered global securities and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as Common 
Safekeeper, that are held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure for registered global securities] [include this text for 
global Registered Notes which are held under the NSS]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Notes are not eligible to be used as collateral in the 
Eurosystem as of April 2018)

--- Page 345 ---
-327- 
7.  
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-Syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify date] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable] [Specify names] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Specify name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S, Compliance Category 2]; [Excluded Transfer] 
[Notes are [not] Rule 144A eligible] 
(vii) 
Canadian Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Canadian Sales permitted] [Canadian Sales not permitted] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason , "Applicable" should be 
specified) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to United Kingdom retail investors for any other reason , 
"Applicable" should be specified)

--- Page 346 ---
-328- 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
 
8.  
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [ 
 
] which [is/are] provided by [ 
]. 
As at [ ], [ 
] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of 
SOFR, does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation / the 
transitional provisions of Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]

--- Page 347 ---
-329- 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR REGISTERED NOTES THAT ARE EXEMPT 
NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Registered Notes 
that are Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
Notes in italics in this Form of Pricing Supplement are intended for reference purposes only, will not appear 
in actual Pricing Supplement documents and are not binding on the Issuer. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129  FOR THE 
ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included.]] 
[UNITED KINGDOM MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – [appropriate target 
market legend to be included.]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[MiFID II / Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or [(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation").]1 Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
                                                     
 
1  
To be deleted If specified denomination is more than € 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 348 ---
-330- 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA; [or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA.]3   
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "United 
Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be 
unlawful under the United Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation. ]4 
 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 
289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the "SFA") – [In 
connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined the classification of the 
Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Singapore 
Monetary Authority (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]]5 
 
THE NOTES ARE NOT INSURED UNDER THE DEPOSIT INSTITUTIONS AND DEPOSIT PROTECTION 
ACT (QUÉBEC) OR THE CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION ACT.  
[THE NOTES (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS THEREIN) ARE (IN EACH CASE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART) 
SUBJECT TO CONVERSION INTO CONTRIBUTED CAPITAL SECURITIES OF THE FEDERATION, OF 
A DEPOSIT-TAKING INSTITUTION THAT IS PART OF THE GROUPE COOPÉRATIF DESJARDINS OR 
OF A LEGAL PERSON CONSTITUTED OR RESULTING FROM AN AMALGAMATION/CONTINUANCE 
OR OTHER CONVERSION CARRIED OUT FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE RESOLUTION OF THE 
FÉDÉRATION DES CAISSES DESJARDINS DU QUÉBEC BY THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS 
FINANCIERS (QUÉBEC) UNDER SECTION 40.50 OF THE DEPOSIT INSTITUTIONS AND DEPOSIT 
PROTECTION ACT (QUÉBEC) AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER (INCLUDING, 
AMONG OTHERS, THE REGULATION RESPECTING THE CLASSES OF NEGOTIABLE AND 
TRANSFERABLE UNSECURED DEBTS AND THE ISSUANCE OF SUCH DEBTS AND OF SHARES 
(QUÉBEC)).]6 
 
                                                     
 
3  
To be deleted If specified denomination is more than € 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
4 
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to United Kingdom retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
5  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to 
the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
6  
Include for Bail-inable Notes only.

--- Page 349 ---
-331- 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
 
Pricing Supplement dated [Signing Date of Issue] 
 
 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec 
(the "Issuer") 
 
LEI: 549300B2Q47IR0CR5B54 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] (the "Notes") 
 
Under the €7,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer in a Relevant Member State of the Notes may only do so 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorized, nor do they authorize, the making of any offer of Notes in 
any other circumstances. 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2021 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus[es] dated ●] (the "Base Prospectus").7  
 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus and in the 
event of inconsistency between the Conditions in the Base Prospectus and any terms and conditions 
specified in this Pricing Supplement, the Terms and Conditions in this Pricing Supplement shall prevail. 
Reference in the Conditions to the "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be references to the terms set out 
below. The Base Prospectus is available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com and 
such documents, together with all documents incorporated by reference therein, [is][are] available for 
viewing during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice at the office in London, England of The 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch and copies may be obtained from the offices of Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec at 100, avenue des Commandeurs, Lévis, Québec, Canada G6V 7N5.] 
                                                     
 
7  
Only include details of a supplemental Base Prospectus in which the Conditions have been amended for the purposes of 
all issues under the Programme.

--- Page 350 ---
-332- 
 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus/Listing Particulars with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec dated 
21 December 2017 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2021.  
 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus[es] 
dated ●]8 (the "Base Prospectus").9 [Full information on Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the 
Base Prospectus and in the event of any inconsistency between the Terms and Conditions in the Base 
Prospectus of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec dated 21 December 2017 and any terms and 
conditions specified in this Pricing Supplement, the terms and conditions in this Pricing Supplement shall 
prevail. Reference in the Conditions to the "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be references to the terms set 
out below. The Base Prospectus, including all documents incorporated by reference therein, are available 
for viewing during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice at the office in London, England of 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch and copies may be obtained from Fédération des caisses 
Desjardins du Québec at 100, avenue des Commandeurs, Lévis, Québec, Canada G6V 7N5.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series and be interchangeable 
for trading purposes with the [insert description of 
the Series] on [ ] [the Issue Date].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
                                                     
 
8  
Only include details of a supplemental Base Prospectus in which the Conditions have been amended for the purposes of 
all issues under the Programme. 
9  
Only include details of a supplemental Prospectus in which the Conditions have been amended for the purposes of all 
issues under the Programme.

--- Page 351 ---
-333- 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[ ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[ ] 
[Insert total nominal amount of outstanding Notes 
including the Tranche which is the subject of this 
Pricing Supplement] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: ** 
[ ] 
[Note – where multiple denominations above [ ] (or 
its equivalent) are being used, the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
 
[[ ] [and integral multiples of [ ] in excess thereof up 
to and including [ ].] 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, 
if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the 
United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition contained in Section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
[If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor] 
[Note – there must be a common factor in the case 
of two or more Specified Denominations.] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[ ] 
                                                     
 
** Unless stated otherwise in the Pricing Supplement in the context of Exempt Notes, the minimum Specified Denomination for (i) 
Registered Notes offered under Rule 144A only shall be not less than US$200,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and (ii) 
Registered Notes offered under Rule 144A and Regulation S shall be not less than US$200,000 (or an amount in a Specified Currency 
that is not U.S. dollars, which is not less than €100,000 or the equivalent thereof at the date of issue of the Notes).

--- Page 352 ---
-334- 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. an Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example, Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
 [[ ][, subject to adjustment for payment day 
purposes only in accordance with the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention]] [Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [ ] [ ]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [subject to change as 
indicated in paragraph 10 below] 
[[+/– [ ] percent [Insert one of Floating Rate options 
below] Floating Rate] [subject to change as 
indicated in paragraph 10 below] 
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [  ] [and [  ]] and every [  
] anniversary thereafter Fixed Rate Reset] 
[[ ] Month [currency] EURIBOR] 
[Observation Shift SOFR Index] 
[CMT Rate] 
[Commercial Paper Rate] 
[Federal Funds Rate] 
[Prime Rate] 
[Treasury Rate] 
[Zero Coupon Note] 
 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
[13/14/15/16/17/18] below) 
 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes would be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [par] / [[ 
] per cent. of their 
nominal amount]] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[Other (specify)]

--- Page 353 ---
-335- 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[[Not Applicable]  
[[Coupon Switch Option is applicable and the 
Coupon Switch Option Date is [  
]] / [Prior 
to Coupon Switch Option Date, paragraph [13/15] 
applies. On and following Coupon Switch Option 
Date, paragraph [13/15] applies] / [For these 
purposes and Condition 4(f): 
[Principal Financial Centre is [ 
 
]] / [Notice 
Period is [ 
 
]] /[Additional Business 
Centres [ 
 
]]]]  
 
 
 
[Paragraph 13 applicable for the period from and 
including [ ] to but excluding [ ]] [Paragraph 15 
applicable for the period from and including [ 
] 
to but excluding the Maturity Date] 
 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility of 
Notes into another interest basis] 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Noteholder Put Option] (Put Option not applicable 
to Bail-inable Notes or NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
[Issuer Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph [20/21] 
below)] 
12. 
(i)  
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes] [NVCC Subordinated Notes] 
 
(ii)  
Bail-inable Notes 
[Yes] [No] 
(N.B. Bail-inable Notes can only be Senior Notes) 
 
(iii) 
Negative Covenant: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Negative Covenant may only be applicable to 
NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
 
(iv)  
Date Board approval for issuance 
 
of Notes obtained: 
[ ] [and, [ ], respectively]] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where new resolution is 
required for the particular Tranche of Notes 
(including NVCC Subordinated Notes))

--- Page 354 ---
-336- 
 
(v) 
Automatic Conversion: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Automatic Conversion is only applicable to 
NVCC Subordinated Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- Multiplier: 
[    ] 
(Insert amount if different than 1.50 or otherwise 
delete) 
 
- Conversion Price: 
[C$10] 
(N.B. This will be C$10, unless the Federation 
provides written notice of a change to the par value 
of the Class Z Shares) 
 
- Prevailing Exchange Rate: 
[    ] 
 
- Specified Time: 
[    ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear] on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ 
]] in each year [up to and including 
the Maturity Date] [adjusted for payment day 
purposes only in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in paragraph 13(iv) below] 
[adjusted for payment and interest accrual 
purposes in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in paragraph 13(iv) below] 
 
 
(iii) 
Adjusted Fixed Interest Periods: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ 
] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 355 ---
-337- 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
 
(applicable to Notes in definitive 
form only. For Notes in global form, 
see Condition 5(a) for calculation of 
interest) 
[[ ] per [ ] Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
(applicable to Notes issued in 
definitive form only. For Notes 
issued in global form, see Condition 
5(a) for calculation of interest) 
[Not Applicable] [[ ] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[ ]] 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
[30/360/Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/Actual/360/Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(See Condition 5(a) for definitions) 
(N.B. Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise 
agreed) 
 
(ix) 
Determination Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [[ ] in each year] 
(Insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of long or 
short first or last coupon. N.B. Only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(x)  
Calculation Agent: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
14.
 
 
Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year [from and including [ ]] [until 
and excluding [ ]] 
 
(iii) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ]  
 
(iv) 
First Reset Margin: 
[ ]  
 
(v) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 356 ---
-338- 
 
(vi) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate: 
[[semi-annual] [annualised] [Mid-Swap Rate]] 
[Benchmark Gilt Rate] [Reference Bond] [CMT 
Rate] 
 
(viii)  
CMT Designated Maturity: 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
CMT Reset Determination Time: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Swap Rate Period: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Screen Page: 
[ICESWAP1]/[ICESWAP2]/[ICESWAP3]/[ICESWA
P4]/[ICESWAP5]/[ICESWAP6]/[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Fixed Leg: 
[[semi-annual]/[annual] 
calculated 
on 
a[n 
Actual/365]/[30/360]/[  ] day count basis]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate: 
[[3]/[6]/[  ]-month [EURIBOR/[  ] rate calculated on 
an[Actual/365]/[Actual/360]/[ 
 
] 
day 
count 
basis]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)] 
in 
respect of the period from (and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(xvi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] [[ ] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[ ]] 
 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual / 365] 
[Actual / 365 (fixed)]   
[Actual / 360] 
[30 / 360] 
[30E / 360] 
[30E / 360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
 
(xviii) 
Determination Dates: 
[[  ] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Calculation Agent: 
[ ] 
 
(xx) 
Relevant Time: 
[11:00 a.m.]/[  ]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 357 ---
-339- 
 
(xxi) 
First Reset Period Fallback: 
[ ] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider 
whether EURIBOR or Compounded SOFR Rate is 
the appropriate reference rate.) 
  
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/No Adjustment/Other(give details)] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination] 
[other (give details)] 
 
(vii) 
Calculation Agent (responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s)) if not the 
Agent: 
[[ ] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Reference Rate: 
[Compounded SOFR] [ ] 
month 
[currency] 
[EURIBOR] 
[CMT Rate - Reuters Page FRBCMT / Reuters 
Page FEDCMT]  
[Commercial Paper Rate] 
[Federal Funds Rate – [Federal Funds (Effective) 
Rate / Federal Funds Target Rate]] 
[Prime Rate] 
[Treasury Rate] 
[Other - specify] 
 
● 
Calculation Method: 
[Observation Shift] [SOFR Index] (only relevant to 
Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR)

--- Page 358 ---
-340- 
 
● 
Observation Shift Period: 
[ 
] (number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the Observation Shift Period) 
(only relevant to SOFR where Observation Shift is 
specified above) 
 
 
● 
SOFR Index Observation 
Period: 
[ 
] (number of U.S. Government Securtieis 
Business Days in the SOFR Index Observation 
Period) (only relevant to SOFR where SOFR Index 
is specified above) 
 
 
● 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[[  ] U.S Government Securities Days prior to the 
end of each Interest Period] [Not Applicable]  
(only relevant to Compounded SOFR Rate. Insert 
number of  U.S Government Securities Business 
Days included in Observation Shift Period or SOFR 
Index Observation Period above, as applicable, 
prior to the end of each Interest Period) 
 
 
● 
Specified Time: 
[ 
 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Index Maturity: 
[[ ] [month]] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Interest Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Interest Reset Period: 
[[Daily / Weekly / Monthly / Quarterly / Semi-
annually] annually/[ 
 
]] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Designated CMT Maturity 
Index: 
[[ ] years] [Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Benchmark Replacement 
Provisions: 
[Condition 5(i) Applicable] [Condition 5(i) Not 
Applicable] 
(only relevant if Compounded SOFR Rate. If 
Condition 5(i) not specified to be applicable, then 
the benchmark discontinuation provisions of 
Condition 5(h) will apply) 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
● 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions

--- Page 359 ---
-341- 
 
● 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] [(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions if 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
applied) or that it is a Floating Rate Option subject 
to the ISDA IBORs Supplement if the 2006 
Definitions are applied) 
 
● 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] (This is not required when the 
Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option) 
 
● 
Compounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
- 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
Lookback: [[ ] Applicable Business Days]/ 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[ ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
● 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
- 
Averaging Method: 
Averaging with Lookback 
[Lookback:] [[   ] Applicable Business Days]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift] 
[Observation Period Shift:] [[   ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [  ]] [Not Applicable] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout:  [[   ] Lockout Period Business Days]

--- Page 360 ---
-342- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [  ] [Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
● 
Index Provisions 
 
 
- 
Index Method 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[● 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable]  [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [  ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] [[    ]%] 
 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] [[    ]%] 
 
● 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (Only include where 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
● 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
● 
Non-Representative: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
● 
[Successor Benchmark: 
[ ] Successor Benchmark Effective Date: [ ]] (Only 
include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)]] 
 
● 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/−][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] [The Minimum Rate of 
Interest is as specified in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)]

--- Page 361 ---
-343- 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum, subject to Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C)] [Not Applicable, subject to Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C)] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual / Actual] 
[Actual / 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual / 365 (Sterling)]  
[Actual / 360] 
[30 / 360] 
[30E / 360] 
[30E / 360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 5(b)(iii) for definitions) 
 
(xv) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes, if 
different from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[ 
] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Method: 
[Linear Accrual/Compounding Accrual] 
 
(ii) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining 
"Amortised 
Face 
Amount" 
(as 
described 
in 
Condition 5(c)) or other amounts 
payable: 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[30 / 360] 
[Actual / 360] 
[Actual / 365] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Other (specify)] 
 
(v) 
Determination Dates: 
[[ 
 
 
] 
in 
each 
year] 
[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 362 ---
-344- 
17. 
Index-Linked 
Interest 
Note 
/ 
other 
variable-linked interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Formula/other variable: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(ii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculated by reference to 
Index and/or Formula and/or other 
variable: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iv) 
Determination Date(s): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(v) 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula and/or other 
variable 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise 
disrupted: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(vi) 
Interest or Interest Period(s): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(viii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business 
Day Convention / Modified Following Business Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention 
/ other (give details)] 
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate / Amount of Interest: 
[ 
 
] [per cent.] per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Rate 
/ 
Amount 
of 
Interest: 
[ 
 
] [per cent.] per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ 
 
]  
18. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[ 
 
]

--- Page 363 ---
-345- 
 
(ii) 
Party, 
if 
any, 
responsible 
for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iv) 
Person to whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[ 
 
] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Notice period for Condition 6(b)(i): 
Minimum period: [30] [ ] days 
Maximum period: [60] [ ] days 
20. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] [The First Call Date shall fall on [  ]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
and/or the method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different from 
that set out in the Conditions): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [ 
 
] 
 
(iii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Yes] [No] 
(If no, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] [ ] days 
Maximum period: [30] [ ] days 
(N.B.: If setting notice periods which are different 
than those provided in the Conditions, Fédération 
des caisses Desjardins du Québec is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as

--- Page 364 ---
-346- 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, between Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec and the Agent.) 
 
(v)  
Bail-inable 
Notes 
– 
TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as being Applicable or Not Applicable for 
Bail-inable Notes, and as being Not Applicable for 
non Bail-inable Notes) 
 
21. 
Noteholder Put Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) (Put Option not 
applicable 
to 
Bail-inable 
Notes 
or 
NVCC 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
and/or the method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different from 
that set out in the Conditions): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [ 
 
] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] [ ] days 
Maximum period: [30] [ ] days 
(N.B.: If setting notice periods which are different 
than those provided in the Conditions, Fédération 
des caisses Desjardins du Québec is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, between Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec and the applicable 
Agent.) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[Par] / [[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
In cases where the Final Redemption 
Amount is Index-Linked or other variable-
linked: 
 
 
(i) 
Index/Formula/other variable: 
[ 
 
]

--- Page 365 ---
-347- 
 
(ii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Final Redemption Amount (if not 
the Agent): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculated by reference to Index 
and/or 
Formula 
and/or 
other 
variable: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iv) 
Determination Date(s): 
[ 
 
] 
 
(v) 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Index 
and/or 
Formula 
and/or 
other 
variable 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise 
disrupted: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(vi) 
Payment Date: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(vii) 
Minimum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(viii) 
Maximum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
 
] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for tax reasons[, upon the 
occurrence of a Special Event][, TLAC 
Disqualification Event] or on event of default 
or other early redemption and/or the method 
of calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the Conditions): 
[As per Condition 6(e)] [[ ] per Calculation Amount]  
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
Registered Notes: 
 
[DTC/Euro] Regulation S Global Note (US$[ ] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] and 
exchangeable only in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Regulation S Global Note / Euro 
Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of

--- Page 366 ---
-348- 
a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
NSS)/Rule 144A Global Registered Note (US$[ ] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] and 
exchangeable only in the limited circumstances 
specified in the relevant Global Note] 
 
 
[other (specify form of the Notes)] 
25. 
Payment Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable] [give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which item 15(v) relates) 
27. 
Calculation Agent for purpose of Condition 
9(e): 
[[ 
 
] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
[The entity appointed by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 9(e)]  
28. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of failure 
to pay, including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment: 
[Not Applicable] [ 
 
] 
29. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount 
of each instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable] [ 
 
] 
30. 
Other terms and conditions 
[Not Applicable] [Insert new terms and conditions or 
amend or replace Terms and Conditions in the 
applicable Base Prospectus] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
 
[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 367 ---
-349- 
RESPONSIBILITY 
Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec accepts responsibility for the information contained 
in the Base Prospectus and this Pricing Supplement.  
Signed on behalf of Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec: 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Duly Authorized

--- Page 368 ---
-350- 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION* 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) Listing/Admission to trading: [ 
 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses 
 
related to Admission to trading: [ ] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
 
The [Senior/NVCC Subordinated] Notes to be issued [have been] 
[have not been] [are expected to be] specifically rated: 
 
 
[S&P Canada: [ ]] 
 
 
[Moody's Canada: [ ]] 
 
 
[DBRS: [ ]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [ ]] 
 
 
[Any other Rating Agency: 
[ 
]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
[As specified in the Base Prospectus] [The net proceeds from 
the issue of the Notes are intended, as of the Issue Date, to 
be applied [by the Issuer to the financing and/or refinancing, 
in whole or in part, of loans, investments or internal or external 
projects that fall within the scope of the [Green Assets Eligible 
Category] [and/or] [Social Assets Eligible Category] as 
outlined in the section of the Base Prospectus titled 
“Sustainable Bond Framework” (the “Eligible Assets”) and 
such Notes will therefore be Sustainable Notes [- Green 
Bonds] [- Social Bonds] [- Sustainability Bonds]] [its general 
corporate purposes] [●]] 
 
[See the sections of the Base Prospectus titled “Use of 
Proceeds” and “Sustainable Bond Framework” and the risk 
factor titled “Notes issued as “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” 
or “Sustainability Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for 
                                                     
 
* Certain items may not be required to be completed, including items 3 and 4.

--- Page 369 ---
-351- 
all investors seeking exposure to green, social or sustainable 
assets” for further information]  
 
(If the reason for the offer is different from Sustainable Notes 
or general corporate purposes, then such specific reason will 
need to be included here.)  
 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses: 
[ ] ] 
 
 
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:  
[●] 
[Save for any fees payable to the relevant [Managers/Dealers] and as described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions",] so far as Fédération des 
caisses Desjardins du Québec is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has 
an interest material to the offer.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a Drawdown 
Prospectus in relation to the Tranche of Notes to be issued, or more generally, a Supplement to 
the Base Prospectus.)] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[  
 
 
 ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)  
ISIN: 
[ 
  
  
  
  
  
] 
(ii)  
Common Code:  
[ 
  
  
  
  
  
] 
[(iii)  
CUSIP:] 
 
[ 
  
  
  
  
  
] 
(iv) 
CFI: 
 
 
[[ ] [include code], as updated as set out on] [See] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not 
Applicable] [Not Available]

--- Page 370 ---
-352- 
(v)  
FISN: 
[[ ] [include code], as updated as set out on] [See] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN] [Not Applicable] [Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested as at the 
completion of the Final Terms, it/they should be specified to 
be "Not Applicable" while if it/they are not available as at the 
completion of the Final Terms, it/they should be specified to 
be "Not Available".) 
(vi)  
WKN or any other relevant 
codes: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]    
  
  
  
  
 
(vii)  
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s) and number(s)] 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
(ix)  
Names and addresses of 
additional 
Registrar(s), 
Transfer Agent(s) or Paying 
Agent(s) 
(if 
any) 
and 
if 
applicable a statement that it 
or 
they 
should 
be 
sole 
Registrar(s), 
Transfer 
Agent(s) or Paying Agent(s) 
for the Series: 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s) and address(es)] 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the international central securities depositaries ("ICSDs") as 
Common Safekeeper, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as Common Safekeeper, 
that are held under the New Safekeeping Structure for 
registered global securities and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 371 ---
-353- 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as Common Safekeeper, that are held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure for registered global securities] 
[include this text for global Registered Notes which are held 
under the NSS]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Notes are not eligible to be used as collateral in the 
Eurosystem as of April 2018) 
 
 
7.  
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-Syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify date] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable] [Specify names] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Specify name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S, Compliance Category 2]; [Excluded Transfer] 
[Notes are [not] Rule 144A eligible] 
(vii) 
Canadian Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Canadian Sales permitted] [Canadian Sales not permitted] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 372 ---
-354- 
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason, "Applicable" should be 
specified) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to United Kingdom retail investors for any other reason, 
"Applicable" should be specified) 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
(xi) 
Additional or amended Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] [Give details] 
(xii) 
Additional tax disclosure: 
[Not Applicable] [Give details] 
 
[8. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURE] 
[Costs and charges disclosure: 
[ 
 
] [ 
 
]]

--- Page 373 ---
-355- 
SPECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO FOREIGN CURRENCY NOTES 
General 
Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Registered Notes, the Registered Notes will be denominated in 
U.S. dollars and payments of principal of and any premium and interest on the Registered Notes will be 
made in U.S. dollars in the manner indicated in this Base Prospectus. If any of the Registered Notes are to 
be denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars (a "Specified Currency") (for the purposes of this 
section "Special Provisions relating to Foreign Currency Notes", such Registered Notes, "Foreign 
Currency Notes"), the following special provisions shall apply.  
Payment currency 
Unless otherwise notified by the Issuer in writing, a purchaser will be required to pay for Foreign Currency 
Notes in the Specified Currency. Currently, there are limited facilities in the United States for the conversion 
of U.S. dollars into foreign currencies. Therefore the exchange rate agent the Issuer appoints and identifies 
to investors will arrange for the conversion of U.S. dollars into the Specified Currency on behalf of any 
purchaser of a Foreign Currency Note to enable a prospective purchaser to deliver the Specified Currency 
in payment for a Foreign Currency Note. The exchange rate agent must receive a request for any 
conversion on or prior to the third business day preceding the date of delivery of the Foreign Currency Note. 
The purchaser must pay all costs of currency exchange. 
In relation to any Tranche of Registered Notes settled in DTC, payments made by the Issuer of principal of, 
premium, if any, and interest, if any, on a Foreign Currency Note, will be made in accordance with Condition 
7. 
DTC Notes 
The Issuer will make payments on a DTC Global Note in accordance with the applicable policies as in effect 
from time to time of the Depositary, which will be DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement, The 
Depository Trust Company, New York, known as DTC, will be the Depositary for all Registered Notes in 
global form. All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by electronic transfer of immediately available funds by the 
Registered Fiscal Agent to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the exchange rate agent on 
behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the 
provisions of the Registered Notes Agency Agreement. 
Unless specified otherwise in the Pricing Supplement, all payments to beneficial owners of DTC Global 
Notes will be made in US dollars.

--- Page 374 ---
-356- 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in a Supplement or in 
a Drawdown Prospectus, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the Federation for the 
purpose of carrying out its functions as treasurer and financial agent of Desjardins Group including meeting 
the liquidity, loss absorbing capacity, regulatory capital and capital base diversification needs and 
requirements of Desjardins Group and offering financing, banking and international services to its clients 
and members, including institutions and organizations (governments, municipalities, school districts, etc.), 
large and medium size businesses and the various entities of Desjardins Group. 
In addition, however, where it is stated in “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) that the net proceeds from the 
issue of the Notes (or an amount at least equal to such net proceeds) are intended to be applied to the 
financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of Eligible Assets that, in each case, fall within the scope 
of the Green Assets Eligible Category or the Social Assets Eligibility Category (or a combination of both 
such categories) as outlined in the Federation’s “Sustainable Bond Framework” that starts on page 357 of 
this Base Prospectus, the net proceeds from such Notes (or an amount at least equivalent to such net 
proceeds) will, as at the Issue Date, be intended to be used as so described.

--- Page 375 ---
-357- 
SUSTAINABLE BOND FRAMEWORK 
The Sustainable Bond Framework, its Four Core Components and Sustainable Notes 
 
The Sustainable Bond Framework of Desjardins Group was established in April 2021 (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, the “Sustainable Bond Framework”) and has been drawn up by 
Desjardins Group in alignment with the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond 
Principles 2018, Social Bond Principles 2020 and Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2018 (together, the “ICMA 
Principles”). The following four core components of the ICMA Principles will, in accordance with the 
Sustainable Bond Framework, be adopted by the Federation in connection with the issue and offering of 
each of its Sustainable Notes (as defined below): 
 
 
Use of Proceeds; 
 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection; 
 
Management of Proceeds; and 
 
Reporting. 
 
The ICMA Principles are voluntary process guidelines that were developed by an industry working group 
administered by ICMA that recommend transparency and disclosure and are intended to promote integrity 
in the development of the green, social and sustainability bond markets by clarifying the approach for 
issuance of such bonds. Desjardins Group intends to review the Sustainable Bond Framework on a regular 
basis and may update or amend it, including as to the definition of Eligible Assets (as defined below). The 
Sustainable Bond Framework is, and any updates will be, available on the website of Desjardins Group at 
https://www.desjardins.com/ca/aboutus/investor-relations/fixed-income-investors/sustainable-
bonds/index.jsp. 
 
The Federation may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement) issue Notes under the Programme where an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds 
of the issue of the Notes are intended to be applied, in part or in full, to the financing and/or refinancing of 
loans, investments or internal or external projects that, in each case, fall within the scope of the Green 
Assets Eligible Category and/or the Social Assets Eligibility Category (or a combination of both such 
categories) (“Eligible Assets”), each as outlined in the Sustainable Bond Framework and as described 
below. 
 
The Sustainable Bond Framework designates Notes where an amount at least equivalent to the net 
proceeds of which are intended to be applied, in part or in full, to the financing and/or refinancing of Eligible 
Assets that fall within the scope of (i) the Green Assets Eligible Category, as “Green Bonds”, (ii) the Social 
Assets Eligibility Category, as “Social Bonds” and (iii) both the Green Assets Eligible Category and the 
Social Assets Eligibility Category, as Sustainability Bonds. Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability 
Bonds are together referred to in this Base Prospectus as “Sustainable Notes”.

--- Page 376 ---
-358- 
The Green Asset Eligible Category and the Social Assets Eligible Category 
 
The Green Assets Eligible Category consists of Eligible Assets that meet the eligibility criteria outlined in 
the Sustainable Bond Framework under the following eight categories: 
 
 
Renewable energy 
 
Energy Efficiency 
 
Green Buildings 
 
Clean Transportation 
 
Sustainable Food Production 
 
Environmentally Sustainable Management of Living Natural Resources and Land Use 
 
Sustainable Water and Wastewater Management 
 
Pollution Prevention and Control, 
 
all as more fully described in the Sustainable Bond Framework, and the Social Assets Eligibility Category 
consists of Eligible Assets that meet the eligibility criteria outlined in the Sustainable Bond Framework under 
the following three categories: 
 
 
Affordable Housing 
 
Employment Generation through SME Financing 
 
Access to Essential Services, 
 
all as more fully described in the Sustainable Bond Framework. 
 
The Sustainable Bond Framework provides that general corporate loans may qualify as Eligible Assets 
where the recipient of the loan from any lender within the Desjardins Group derives at least 90 per cent. of 
its revenues from sources that fall within the scope of, and meet the eligibility criteria related to, the Green 
Assets Eligible Category and/or the Social Assets Eligibility Category. 
 
Use of Proceeds 
 
The Sustainable Bond Framework includes, however, that the net proceeds of any Sustainable Notes (or 
an amount at least equivalent thereto) will not be used to knowingly finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
any loans, investments or internal or external projects covered by the “Exclusionary Criteria” outlined in the 
Sustainable Bond Framework which include, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, loans, investments or 
internal or external projects, the principal use of, or activity or focus of which, is linked to: 
 
 
tobacco 
 
thermal coal 
 
unconventional or nuclear weapons 
 
predatory lending 
 
gambling or 
 
adult entertainment.

--- Page 377 ---
-359- 
The Sustainable Bond Framework provides, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, that an activity is 
deemed to be the principal activity of a business if such activity represents at least 90% of the revenue of 
such business. 
 
The Sustainable Bond Framework outlines the intention of the Federation to allocate the net proceeds of 
any Sustainable Note (or an amount at least equivalent thereto) to Eligible Assets that have been originated 
no more than 36 months prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Sustainable Notes and it is the Federation’s 
objective for an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds of an issue of Sustainable Notes to be fully 
allocated within 24-months of the issuance of such Sustainable Notes. 
 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
 
The board of directors of Desjardins Group has mandated a steering committee of senior managers from 
the business sectors and support functions of Desjardins Group to support and advise the management 
committee, and ultimately the board of directors, of Desjardins Group on sustainability issues (the “ESG 
Steering Committee”). The ESG Steering Committee is responsible for, amongst other items, reviewing 
environmental, social and governance position statements, assessing their inherent risks and alignment 
with Desjardins Group’s strategic priorities, as well as establishing Desjardins Group’s “sustainable bonds 
program”. 
 
The Sustainable Bond Framework, a key element of the sustainable bonds program of Desjardins Group 
and approved by the ESG Steering Committee, establishes Desjardins Group’s Sustainable Finance 
Working Group (the “SFWG”) that consists of senior representatives from the following departments of 
Desjardins Group: 
 
 
Corporate Treasury 
 
Sustainable Development and Responsible Finance 
 
Capital Markets 
 
Personal & Commercial Banking 
 
Group Risk Management 
 
Legal Affairs 
 
The SFWG is chaired by Corporate Treasury and meets on a quarterly basis. The SFWG is responsible for 
regularly reviewing the Sustainable Bond Framework, reviewing, validating and documenting the pool of 
Eligible Assets, reporting annually to investors by means of the Sustainable Bond Report, reviewing the 
post-issuance external verification report in relation to the relevant Sustainable Notes and monitoring and 
resolving any issues that may arise in relation to an issue of Sustainable Notes. 
 
Management of Proceeds 
 
The net proceeds of the issue of Sustainable Notes will be deposited in the general funding accounts of the 
Federation. An amount at least equal to the net proceeds of such issue of Sustainable Notes will be 
earmarked for allocation to Eligible Assets to be included in a sustainable bond portfolio (the “Sustainable 
Bond Portfolio”) established by the Federation in accordance with the Sustainable Bond Framework.

--- Page 378 ---
-360- 
Any portion of the net proceeds of an issue of Sustainable Notes that have not been allocated to Eligible 
Assets will be held in line with the Federation’s existing liquidity management guidelines until allocation to 
Eligible Assets. The Federation intends to fully allocate an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds 
of any Sustainable Notes within a period of 24 months from the issue date of such Sustainable Notes. 
 
Until the maturity of any Series of Sustainable Notes, in case of divestment or cancellation of an allocated 
asset, or if an allocated asset no longer meets the eligibility criteria of the Green Assets Eligible Category 
and/or the Social Assets Eligible Category, the Sustainable Bond Framework provides, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, that the Federation will use its best efforts to substitute as soon as practical (and, in 
any case, within 24 months) in place of such allocated asset a qualifying Eligible Asset. 
 
Reporting 
 
The Sustainable Bond Framework provides that Desjardins Group shall publish annually a sustainable bond 
report (the “Sustainable Bond Report”) on its website at https://www.desjardins.com/ca/about-us/investor-
relations/fixed-income-investors/sustainable-bonds/index.jsp that shall include at least the following 
information: 
 
(a)  
Net proceeds from each issue of Sustainable Notes 
 
(b)  
Aggregate amount of proceeds allocated to each of the Green Assets Eligible Category and the 
Social Assets Eligible Category 
 
(c)  
Allocation of proceeds by reference to the geographic location of Eligible Assets 
 
(d)  
Split of allocated net proceeds between financing and refinancing of Eligible Assets 
 
(e)  
Balance of unallocated net proceeds from the issue of Sustainable Notes 
 
(f)  
Types and use of unallocated net proceeds from the issue of Sustainable Notes 
 
Where feasible, the Sustainable Bond Report will include qualitative and, if reasonably practicable, 
quantitative environmental and social performance indicators. Performance indicators may change from 
year to year. 
 
Prior to the first anniversary of the issue of Sustainable Notes by the Federation, the Federation intends to 
instruct a qualified external auditor to review the compliance of Eligible Assets with the eligibility criteria of 
the Green Assets Eligible Category and/or the Social Assets Eligible Category, the correct allocation of 
amounts at least equivalent to the net proceeds of the Sustainable Notes to Eligible Assets and the 
management of any such amounts that have not been allocated as aforesaid, in each case, in accordance 
with the Sustainable Bond Framework. It is expected that the Federation will post the external auditor’s 
report on its website. 
 
Pursuant to the Sustainable Bond Framework, a second party opinion has been obtained from an 
appropriate second party opinion provider to provide an external review of the Sustainable Bond Framework 
and confirm its alignment with ICMA Principles. The second party opinion is available on the Federation’s

--- Page 379 ---
-361- 
website at https://www.desjardins.com/ca/about-us/investor-relations/fixed-income-investors/sustainable-
bonds/index.jsp. 
 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of proceeds of any Sustainable 
Notes during the life of the relevant Sustainable Notes. 
 
THE INFORMATION ON ANY WEBSITE INCLUDED OR REFERRED TO HEREIN DOES NOT FORM 
PART OF THE PROSPECTUS UNLESS THAT INFORMATION IS INCLUDED IN OR INCORPORATED 
BY REFERENCE INTO THE PROSPECTUS.

--- Page 380 ---
-362- 
FÉDÉRATION DES CAISSES DESJARDINS DU QUÉBEC  
The information appearing below is supplemented by the more detailed information contained in 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  See section entitled 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" on page 57 of this Base Prospectus. 
The Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec is a federation of financial services cooperatives 
that was amalgamated on 1 January 2017 pursuant to the Amalgamation under the Cooperatives Act. The 
registered head office and principal place of business of the Federation is located at 100, avenue des 
Commandeurs, Lévis, Québec, Canada G6V 7N5 and the telephone contact number is +1 514 281-7000. 
The Federation may also identify itself in French under the name of "Fédération des caisses 
Desjardins". The Federation is the cooperative entity which is responsible for assuming orientation, 
framework, coordination, treasury and development activities for Desjardins Group, and acts as a financial 
agent on Canadian and international capital markets. It provides its member caisses with a variety of 
services, including certain technical, financial and administrative services. The Federation’s mission is also 
to ensure risk management and capital management for Desjardins Group and look after the financial health 
of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins, which comprises the Desjardins Caisses in Québec, the Federation 
and the Fonds de sécurité Desjardins, as well as its sustainability pursuant to the Act respecting financial 
services cooperatives. The Federation had 214 member caisses in Québec as at 30 September 2021 as 
well as one member caisse outside of Québec, the Caisse Desjardins Ontario Credit Union Inc. A number 
of its subsidiaries are active across Canada, and the Federation maintains a presence in the U.S. through 
Desjardins Bank, National Association and the Desjardins Florida Branch.  
Through the provision of the technical, financial and administrative services and, in addition, the 
exercise of its control and supervisory functions, each as described above, the Federation assists the 
Desjardins Caisses and other Desjardins Group components to develop at a faster pace, and better 
respond to the needs of their members and clients. The Federation’s structure has been designed to take 
into account the needs of Desjardins Group’s members and clients, as well as the markets in which it 
operates. 
The Federation is, among other things, the treasurer and official representative of Desjardins Group 
with the Bank of Canada and the Canadian banking system. 
The Federation also has the right to participate in the Visa Inc. and MasterCard Inc. payment 
systems in Canada on behalf of Desjardins Group. In addition, it manages, through affiliated holding 
companies, majority interests in other corporations.  
Subsidiaries 
The subsidiaries of the Federation include: Desjardins Capital Inc., which has in the past issued 
securities on financial markets and invested the proceeds therefrom in securities issued by Desjardins 
Caisses, Collabria Financial Services Inc., which is a credit card and payment solutions issuer, Desjardins 
Investment Management Inc., which acts as portfolio and investment fund manager, and Desjardins 
Financial Holding Inc., which is notably the parent company of Desjardins Trust Inc., which is active in asset 
custody and trust services; Desjardins Technology Group Inc., which is responsible for the development, 
maintenance and migration of Desjardins Group technology systems and applications; Desjardins

--- Page 381 ---
-363- 
Securities Inc., which offers securities brokerage products and services; 9420-7404 Québec inc., which is 
active in the real estate services sector and operates mainly two brands, DuProprio and Purplebricks 
Canada; and Desjardins Financial Corporation Inc. which is the parent company of Desjardins Global Asset 
Management Inc., a group of investment experts that mainly manages the assets from insurance 
subsidiaries and items whose management is entrusted to it by other subsidiaries of Desjardins Group; 
Desjardins General Insurance Group Inc., which offers property and casualty insurance products; and 
Desjardins Financial Security Life Assurance Company which offers life and health insurance products and 
financial services. The Federation manages various funds in accordance with the provisions of the by-laws 
of the Federation. 
The Federation, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Desjardins FSB Holdings, Inc. (a small bank 
holding company incorporated under U.S. laws), holds all (100%) of the capital stock of Desjardins Bank, 
National Association (licensed with and supervised by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency of the 
United States (OCC), an independent bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury) and Desjardins 
Florida Loan Center, Inc. The Federation also operates a branch in the State of Florida under the name 
Desjardins Florida Branch (licensed and supervised by the OCC). 
Regulation and Control 
The Cooperatives Act provides specifically that “no one is the holder of control of a financial 
services cooperatives […] or of any other group that confers voting rights on a one member, one vote basis”. 
As a member of the Federation, each Desjardins Caisse in Québec is entitled to be represented at general 
and/or special meetings of the Federation by one or more delegates, based on the number of members of 
each such Desjardins Caisse. Each delegate is entitled to one vote at the Federation’s meetings. The board 
of directors of the Federation is currently comprised of twenty-three (22) members, fifteen (15) of which are 
directors elected at the Federation’s annual general meeting. The seven (7) other members of the board of 
directors of the Federation are the president and chief executive officer and six (6) directors appointed by 
the other directors of the Federation. The president and chief executive officer of Desjardins Group and the 
Federation is also elected by an electoral college made up of representatives of the Desjardins Caisses 
from all of Québec and Ontario. As a result of, among other things, the foregoing, the Desjardins Caisses 
exercise a collective influence over the Federation, but none of the Desjardins Caisses can individually 
control the Federation.  
 
Desjardins Group’s activities are primarily governed by the Cooperatives Act and the Insurers Act. 
The Minister of Finance of Québec is responsible for the application of the Cooperatives Act and the AMF 
is in charge of its administration. The AMF performs monitoring and control functions over financial 
institutions. Among its responsibilities, the AMF supervises and inspects deposit-taking institutions (other 
than banks) and insurance companies operating in Québec, including the Desjardins Caisses in Québec 
and the Federation. In particular, it is responsible for administering the Cooperatives Act and performing 
the duties and exercising the powers conferred upon it under the Cooperatives Act. The AMF may issue 
orders to ensure implementation of the Cooperatives Act and any regulations adopted by the government 
of Québec. Other regulations issued provincially, federally or by regulators may also govern some 
operations of Desjardins Group entities, such as regulations of OSFI relating to property and casualty 
insurance, asset custody and trust services.

--- Page 382 ---
-364- 
Regulatory requirements  
(a) 
Financial solidarity within the Groupe coopératif Desjardins 
The Cooperatives Act contains a chapter concerning the Groupe coopératif Desjardins which is 
comprised of the Desjardins Caisses in Québec, the Federation and the Fonds de sécurité Desjardins, and 
recognizes the financial solidarity mechanisms within the cooperative group. Under the Cooperative Act, 
the Federation’s mission is namely to ensure risk and capital management within Desjardins Group as well 
as the Group’s financial health and sustainability. To that end, the Federation and the Fonds de sécurité 
Desjardins are granted special powers of supervision and intervention for ensuring the protection of 
creditors, including depositors. In addition, the Federation can, in accordance with its mission and when it 
considers that the Groupe coopératif Desjardins’ financial situation warrants it, issue written instructions to 
any caisse or order it to adopt and implement a compliance program.  
The Desjardins Caisses are required to fund the Issuer, mostly through regular annual 
assessments for each fiscal year. Assessments may also increase the general and stabilization reserves 
of the Issuer, to the extent deemed necessary to maintain a sound financial profile. In addition to the regular 
assessments required from the caisses as set out in the by-laws of the Federation, the Federation may, 
under the Cooperatives Act and by resolution of its board of directors, make such assessments as it deems 
necessary for the performance of its missions. Under the Cooperatives Act, the Desjardins Caisses in 
Québec are bound to pay these assessments.  Effective January 1, 2022, the regular assessments required 
from the caisses will be established by resolution of the board of directors of the Federation, in accordance 
with the Cooperatives Act and the Federation’s by-laws. 
As for the Fonds de sécurité Desjardins, it must namely ensure that the distribution of capital and 
other assets among the components of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins allows each of them to perform 
its obligations to the depositors and other creditors in full, correctly and without delay. Among other things, 
the Cooperatives Act gives it the right to fix and collect assessments from the Groupe coopératif Desjardins 
entities. The Fonds de sécurité Desjardins requires and collects assessments from the Desjardins Caisses 
in Québec each year. It is also required to intervene in respect of a financial services cooperative of the 
Groupe coopératif Desjardins each time it appears necessary to do so in order to protect the cooperative’s 
creditors. In such circumstances, the Fonds de sécurité Desjardins may order the transfer of any part of the 
business of a caisse, order the amalgamation or dissolution of caisses or form a legal person to facilitate 
the liquidation of bad assets of a caisse. Moreover, the Fonds de sécurité Desjardins may pool the cost of 
its interventions among financial services cooperatives that are part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins. 
In addition, if it considers that its financial resources are insufficient to fulfil its mission, it may set and require 
any component of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins to make a special assessment. Subject to exceptional 
circumstances, the Fonds de sécurité Desjardins intervenes only after a caisse has taken action to rectify 
a problematic situation and the Federation has intervened, in accordance with the Federation’s support and 
intervention process and the framework for evaluating the caisses’ financial performance. 
The assessment powers of the Federation and the Fonds de sécurité Desjardins described above, 
combined with the universal liquidation mechanism and the primacy of the interests of the Groupe coopératif 
Desjardins (both as described below), are the basic elements of the financial solidarity mechanism, which 
constitutes the very foundation of Desjardins Group and the Groupe coopératif Desjardins.

--- Page 383 ---
-365- 
The Cooperatives Act also provides that the Desjardins Caisses in Québec, the Federation and the 
Fonds de sécurité Desjardins may only be wound up by amalgamating all such entities into a single legal 
person to be wound-up. The Cooperatives Act expressly provides that the Issuer, the Fonds de sécurité 
Desjardins and the Desjardins Caisses in Québec may not be wound up other than in accordance with the 
Cooperatives Act. Consequently, in a liquidation scenario, the capital of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins 
as a whole (and, indirectly, of Desjardins Group), as opposed to the capital of the Issuer only and/or of the 
individual Desjardins Caisses in Québec only, is available to satisfy the Issuer’s obligations to creditors or 
the obligations of the individual Desjardins Caisses in Québec to creditors. The Deposit Institutions Act also 
provides a framework for the supervision and control of deposit taking activities and the activities of 
authorized deposit-taking institutions, as well as settlement and resolution mechanisms in the event of 
default by deposit-taking institutions, which are part of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins. For more 
information, see the subsection entitled “Internal recapitalization (bail-in) regime and total loss absorption 
capacity” below. 
The Cooperatives Act also provides that directors and officers of a financial services cooperative 
that belongs to the Groupe coopératif Desjardins are duty-bound to act not only toward and in the interests 
of their own cooperative, but also toward and in the interests of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins and, if 
their cooperative's interests do not correspond with the Groupe coopératif Desjardins’ interests, they must 
favour the latter. In determining whether something is in the interest of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins, 
the Groupe coopératif Desjardins must be considered as a single legal person comprising the cooperatives 
(including the Federation and the Desjardins Caisses in Québec) and the Fonds de sécurité Desjardins that 
are its constituent parts, even though the Groupe coopératif Desjardins is not a legal person. 
None of the solidarity mechanisms described under this section “Regulatory requirements – 
Financial solidarity within the Groupe coopératif Desjardins” or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus should  
in any way be construed as a guarantee of the Notes. Purchasers of Notes will not have any rights as third  
party beneficiaries or otherwise in connection therewith and will not have any right to benefit from any 
guarantee or any other form of credit support or receive any other payment in respect of the Notes from, in  
each case, any members of Desjardins Group or any other affiliate of the Federation. 
(b) 
Internal recapitalization (bail-in) regime and total loss absorption capacity 
The Deposit Institutions Act and its regulations, as well as certain other laws, regulations and 
guidelines, collectively provide for a resolution process and Bail-in Regime for Deposit Institutions. The 
objective of resolution operations, including the Bail-in Regime, is to ensure the sustainability of the 
operations of Deposit Institutions despite their failure, without resorting to public funds, and to have holders 
of contributed capital securities and creditors absorb losses, thereby minimizing taxpayer exposure to the 
losses. See “Risks related to all Notes – Resolution powers conferred on the AMF under the Deposit 
Institutions Act and the regulations thereunder provide it with substantial powers designed to enable it to 
take a range of actions, which if taken could result in Noteholders being exposed to losses” for additional 
details on the bail-in regime applicable to Federation. 
Among other resolution operations, the AMF may (i) amalgamate the cooperative group and have 
it continued as one Québec savings company, (ii) establish a bridge institution in order to have it assume 
the liabilities, in relation to deposits of money, of deposit institutions belonging to the cooperative group, (iii) 
establish an asset management company with a view to transferring any part of the assets or liabilities of a 
legal person belonging to the cooperative group to such asset management company, except liabilities in

--- Page 384 ---
-366- 
relation to deposits of money, and/or (iv) transfer the assets and liabilities of a legal person belonging to 
the cooperative group to any acquirer.  See “Risks related to all Notes – Resolution Powers conferred on 
the AMF under the Deposit Institutions Act and the regulations thereunder provide it with substantial powers 
designed to enable it to take a range of actions, which if taken could result in Noteholders being exposed 
to losses” for additional details on the AMF’s Resolution Powers. 
In addition, in the event any Deposit Institution becomes non-viable, the AMF may convert any part 
of the capital shares issued by the deposit institutions belonging to the Groupe coopératif Desjardins and/or 
of certain other debt securities prescribed by regulation issued by the Federation (such as Bail-inable Notes) 
into contributed capital securities of the Federation, of a deposit institution belonging to the Groupe 
coopératif Desjardins, or of another legal person otherwise constituted for such purpose or resulting from 
the resolution process of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins. See “Risks related to the structure of a particular 
issue of Notes – Bail-inable Notes” for a description of the risks relating to Bail-inable Notes. See also “Risks 
related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes – Bail-inable Notes – Bail-inable Notes will be subject 
to risks, including non-payment in full or conversion in whole or in part under the Resolution Powers 
conferred on the AMF under the Deposit Institutions Act and the regulations thereunder” for a description 
of the AMF’s powers in respect of Bail-inable Notes. Covered bonds, certain derivatives and structured 
notes, senior unsubordinated debt instruments that (i) have a maturity of 400 days or less (including explicit 
or embedded extension options) or (ii) are not assigned an international securities identification number 
(ISIN) or other similar designation for the purposes of trading and settlement, and subordinated notes that 
are non-viability contingent capital instruments are all excluded from the application of the bail-in regime. 
Holders of converted  capital shares or debt instruments may be eligible for indemnification as set forth 
under applicable regulations. 
The AMF released on 21 March 2019 the Notice relating to the bail-in power set out in the second 
paragraph of section 40.50 of the Deposit Insurance Act (now the Deposit Institutions Act), which clarifies 
the AMF’s current intention with respect to the application of the Bail-in Regime. In this context, the AMF 
plans to convert negotiable and transferable unsecured debt into capital shares of the Federation in 
accordance with the conversion measures set out in the regulations. The AMF would then carry out an 
amalgamation/continuance operation, the purpose of which would be to amalgamate the entities belonging 
to the Groupe coopératif Desjardins and have them continued as one Québec savings company. This 
operation would result in the capital shares issued by the amalgamating entities being converted into 
common shares of the savings company. See “Risks related to all Notes – Resolution Powers conferred on 
the AMF under the Deposit Institutions Act and the regulations thereunder provide it with substantial powers 
designed to enable it to take a range of actions, which if taken could result in Noteholders being exposed 
to losses” and “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes – NVCC Subordinated Notes – 
The number and value of Class Z Shares to be received on an Automatic Conversion may be worth 
significantly less than the principal amount of the NVCC Subordinated Notes and are variable and subject 
to further dilution” for additional details on the AMF’s notice released on 21 March 2019. 
The Bail-in Regime applicable to Desjardins Group is substantially similar to the Canadian federal 
regime to which Canadian domestic systemically important banks are subject. In addition, the Bail-in 
Regime is not retroactive in respect of debt instruments and does not apply to any debt instruments issued 
prior to 31 March 2019. The Bail-in Regime could adversely affect the Federation’s cost of funding. 
Furthermore, the AMF’s Guideline on total loss absorbing capacity (the "TLAC Guideline") applies 
to and establishes standards for Desjardins Group. Under the TLAC Guideline, beginning 1 April 2022,

--- Page 385 ---
-367- 
Desjardins Group will be required to maintain at all times a minimum loss absorbing capacity composed of 
unsecured external long-term debt that meets the prescribed criteria or regulatory capital instruments to 
support its recapitalization in the event of a default. 
(c) 
Regulatory Capital and Capital Management 
Desjardins Group is subject to the regulatory capitalization requirements issued by the AMF.  It 
should also be noted that in June 2013, the AMF ruled that Desjardins Group met the criteria for designating 
it as a domestic systemically important financial institution (D-SIFI), which makes it subject to, among other 
things, higher capitalization requirements and enhanced disclosure requirements in accordance with AMF 
instructions. 
Desjardins Group’s capital management is the responsibility of the Federation’s Board of Directors. 
To support it with this task, it has mandated the Management Committee, through the Finance and Risk 
Management Committee, to ensure that Desjardins Group, including the Federation, has a sufficient capital 
base in light of the organization’s strategic objectives and regulatory obligations. The Finance, Treasury 
and Administration Executive Division is responsible for preparing, on an annual basis, a capitalization plan 
to forecast capital trends, devise strategies and recommend action plans for achieving capital objectives 
and targets. 
The current situation and the forecasts show that overall, Desjardins Group, including the 
Federation, has a solid capital base that maintains it among the best-capitalized financial institutions. 
The Federation’s capital ratios are expressed as a percentage of regulatory capital to risk-weighted 
assets and are calculated according to the AMF’s Guideline on adequacy of capital base standards for 
financial services cooperatives (the "Guideline"). This Guideline takes into account the global regulatory 
framework for more resilient banks and banking systems (Basel III) issued by the Bank for International 
Settlements. 
The AMF issued, on 16 September 2020, a notice to the effect that the capital ratios of the 
Federation must be calculated based on the exposure of all the entities that form Desjardins Group. The 
data have been reclassified to conform to the current period’s presentation. 
The minimum Tier 1A capital ratio that Desjardins Group must maintain is 8%. In addition, the Tier 
1 and total capital ratios must be above 9.5% and 11.5%, respectively. The minimum requirement for the 
leverage ratio is 3.5%. 
This capital takes into consideration investments made in the Federation’s subsidiaries. Some of 
these subsidiaries are subject to separate requirements regarding regulatory capital, liquidity and funding, 
which are set by regulatory authorities governing banks, insurers and securities, in particular. The 
Federation oversees and manages the capital requirements of these entities to ensure efficient use of 
capital and continuous compliance with the applicable regulation.   
In this regard, it should be mentioned that the life and health insurance subsidiaries under provincial 
jurisdiction are subject to the Capital Adequacy Requirements Guideline (CARLI) issued by the AMF. The 
property and casualty insurance subsidiaries under provincial jurisdiction must comply with the Guideline 
on Capital Adequacy Requirements issued by the AMF. The property and casualty insurance subsidiaries

--- Page 386 ---
-368- 
under federal jurisdiction must comply with the OSFI’s Minimum Capital Test Guideline for federally 
regulated property and casualty insurance companies. 
For the purpose of calculating capital ratios, Desjardins Financial Corporation Inc., the holding 
corporation that mainly includes the insurance companies, has been deconsolidated and presented as a 
partial capital deduction under the rules for significant investments stated in the Guideline. Furthermore, 
Desjardins Financial Corporation Inc. is subject to the AMF’s CARLI guideline. 
Under the TLAC Guideline, the AMF expects Desjardins Group to maintain a risk-based TLAC ratio 
of at least 21.5% of risk-weighted assets as well as a TLAC leverage ratio of at least 6.75% as of the second 
quarter of 2022. For this purpose, Desjardins Group started issuing TLAC-eligible debt on 1 October 2019.  
(d) 
U.S. Regulations 
Desjardins Bank, National Association (DB N.A.), a wholly owned subsidiary of Desjardins FSB 
Holdings, Inc. (DFSBH), is authorized to carry on banking operations as a national banking organization 
under the charter issued to it by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency of the United States (OCC), 
an independent office of the United States Department of the Treasury and the regulator that oversees it. 
DFSBH, as a bank holding company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Federation, is subject to the 
supervisory and regulatory authority of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. The Federation also operates 
a branch in Florida, namely Desjardins Florida Branch (DFLB), that has been given the status of a Limited 
Federal Branch of a Foreign Banking Organization by the OCC. DFLB is subject to regulation by the 
International Banking Supervision division of the OCC’s Large Banks Supervision department. Desjardins 
Group is governed by the Bank Holding Company Act (BHC Act), as amended by the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act), and the U.S. Federal Reserve 
regulations. On 22 October 2015, the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System determined 
that Desjardins Group, the Federation and DFSBH may each be treated as a Financial Holding Company 
(FHC). To maintain the status of FHC, Desjardins Group must continue to demonstrate that the subject 
entities of Desjardins Group remain “well capitalized” and “well managed” in accordance with the 
established standards and regulations of the U.S. Federal Reserve. 
In accordance with U.S. Federal Reserve policies, the Federation must be a source of financial 
solidity for DB N.A. U.S. federal laws limit DB N.A.’s capacity to make certain transactions with affiliates of 
Desjardins Group. Each of these transactions is limited to an amount equal to 10% of DB N.A.’s capital and 
the total amount of all such transactions may not exceed an amount equal to 20% of its capital. In addition, 
such transactions should be subject to terms as favourable to DB N.A. as those entered into with unrelated 
third parties. 
Principal Business 
The Federation enables the Desjardins Caisses and other Desjardins Group components to 
accelerate their development and better meet the needs of their members and clients. Furthermore, the 
Federation provides financial services to Desjardins Group, governments, public and parapublic sector 
institutions, individuals as well as medium-sized and large businesses. It meets the financial needs of 
Desjardins  Caisses and other Desjardins Group components. The Federation’s mandate is to provide 
institutional funding for the Desjardins network and to act as financial agent, in particular by supplying 
interbank exchange services, including clearing house settlements. Its activities in Canadian and

--- Page 387 ---
-369- 
international markets complement those of other Desjardins Group entities. The Federation sets standards 
for business practices of the Desjardins Caisses, capital and assets management, complaint handling and 
dispute resolution, investment activities and provisions for doubtful debts and contingent losses as part of 
its supervisory and control functions. 
The Federation’s structure has been designed to accommodate the needs of Desjardins Group 
members and clients, as well as the markets in which it operates. Accordingly, the Federation, the caisse 
network in Québec and the Caisse Desjardins Ontario Credit Union Inc. can leverage three key business 
segments—Personal and Business Services, Wealth Management and Life and Health Insurance, and 
Property and Casualty Insurance—to increase their ability to develop their products and services. 
Personal and Business Services 
The Personal and Business Services segment is central to Desjardins Group’s operations. 
It is responsible for fine-tuning a comprehensive, integrated line of products and services designed 
to meet the needs of individuals, businesses, institutions, non-profit organizations and cooperatives 
offered through the Desjardins Caisse network, its Desjardins Business centres and the Signature 
Service centres, as well as specialized teams. This is what makes Desjardins Group a leader in 
financial services in Québec and a player on the financial services scene in Ontario as well.  
Desjardins’s service offering includes everyday financial management, savings 
transactions, payment services, wealth management, financing, specialized services, access to 
capital markets, development capital, business ownership transfers and advisory services, and 
through its distribution network, life and health insurance and property and casualty insurance 
products. 
To meet the constantly-changing needs of caisse members and clients, the Federation 
supports the caisse network and its service centres in distributing products and services by 
optimizing the performance and profitability of physical and virtual networks by way of implementing 
and managing complementary access methods, by phone, online, via applications for mobile 
devices, and at ATMs.  
Wealth Management and Life and Health Insurance 
The Wealth Management and Life and Health Insurance segment combines different 
categories of service offers aimed at growing and protecting the assets of Desjardins Group 
members and clients. These offers are intended for individuals and businesses, while its group 
insurance and savings plans meet the needs of employees through their company, or individuals 
who are part of any other group. 
The segment designs several lines of individual insurance (life and health) coverage 
products, investment solutions and group retirement savings. The segment also includes asset 
management and trust services for institutional clients. 
The greatest strengths of the segment include its vast and diversified Canada-wide distribution 
networks, which are mainly comprised of: 
 
Desjardins Caisse network;

--- Page 388 ---
-370- 
 
Desjardins agent networks; 
 
Desjardins Financial Security Life Assurance Company partner networks; 
 
External insurance and investment solutions networks; and 
 
Actuarial consulting firms and brokers. 
 
To meet members’ and clients’ needs and preferences, certain product lines are also 
distributed directly via customer care centres, online or through applications for mobile devices. 
Online services are constantly being fine-tuned so that they properly meet clients’ changing 
requirements. 
Since 1 September 2021, the Wealth Management and Life and Health Insurance segment 
also includes operations resulting from the acquisition of the assets of investment firm Hexavest 
Inc., which serves a primarily institutional clientele located mainly in Canada and also 
internationally. 
Property and Casualty Insurance 
The Property and Casualty Insurance segment offers insurance products providing 
coverage for Desjardins Group members and clients against damage and loss. It includes the 
operations of Desjardins General Insurance Group Inc. and its subsidiaries. Desjardins General 
Insurance Group Inc. offers a personal line of automobile and property insurance products across 
Canada and also provides businesses with insurance products.   
Its products are distributed through property and casualty insurance agents in the 
Desjardins Caisse network in Québec, a number of client care centres (call centres) and Desjardins 
Business centres, through an exclusive agent network of close to 500 agencies in Ontario, Alberta 
and New Brunswick distributing P&C insurance and several other financial products. Digital 
services and applications for mobile devices form an integral part of the distribution strategy for 
each of its networks. 
Desjardins General Insurance Group Inc., which has more than 3 million clients, markets 
its products to the Canada-wide individual and business market under the Desjardins Insurance 
banner, and to the group market—including members of professional associations and unions, and 
employers’ staff—under The Personal banner. 
Other category 
The other category includes financial information that is not specific to a business segment. 
It mainly includes treasury activities and financial intermediation between the Desjardins Caisses’ 
liquidity surpluses or needs, as well as orientation and organizational activities for Desjardins 
Group, including finance, administration, risk management, human resources, communications, 
marketing and the Desjardins Group Security Office. 
This category also includes the operations of Desjardins Capital Inc. and Desjardins 
Technology Group Inc., which encompasses all of Desjardins Group’s IT operations. In addition to 
various adjustments required to prepare interim combined financial statements, intersegment 
balance eliminations are classified in this category.

--- Page 389 ---
-371- 
Since the third quarter of 2020, the other category has also included the operations of the 
real estate agency 9420-7404 Québec Inc., which manages two brands: DuProprio and 
Purplebricks Canada.   
Competition 
The Federation’s main competitors include the major Canadian banks and insurance companies 
that do businesses in all of the Canadian provinces. 
Personal Services and Business and Institutional Services 
In 2020, the Canadian financial industry comprised some 88 domestic and foreign banking 
institutions, as well as 452 savings and loan cooperatives, almost half of which belonged to Desjardins 
Group. The major industry players are focusing primarily on client experience, access to services and 
proactive advice. The fight for market share is therefore very fierce, since all players are adopting strategies 
aimed at intensifying business relations with their clients and getting to know them better. 
Wealth Management and Life and Health Insurance 
The wealth management industry and the life and health insurance industry are complementary 
because their aim is to provide products and services that will increase the net worth of Canadian 
households and give them the coverage they need. The financial assets held by Canadian households in 
various savings and investment products (wealth management) totaled close to $5,000 billion at the end of 
2019, up by 12%, compared to 2018, growing annually at 6.9% on a compound basis over the past ten 
years.  
All major banking groups as well as life and health insurance and investment fund companies have 
a wealth management division that designs and distributes diversified financial products and services to 
meet the investment and financial, tax and estate planning needs of the Desjardins Group’s client bases, 
including affluent and wealthy clients. These clients have specific needs, and their expectations are high, 
leading major players in the industry to outdo each other in terms of ingenuity in order to win them over and 
build their loyalty. 
Given such high and complex needs, financial advisors still play a key role in providing relevant 
information, making sales and maintaining relationships. Nevertheless, the industry is proactively meeting 
certain clients’ desire for self-directed products and diversifying ways to access services by using virtual 
and mobile interfaces. This will continue to be a major challenge over the next few years and is why an 
increasing number of competitors are developing digital offers both in Canada and globally.  
Property and Casualty Insurance 
The Canadian P&C insurance industry offers insurance coverage for motor vehicles, personal and 
commercial property, and public liability. The Canadian P&C insurance market is a mature market, with an 
average annual growth rate of 6.1% over the past five years. In 2019, direct premiums written on the 
Canadian market totalled $58.9 billion, up 11.1% since 2018, as a result in particular of high rates on the 
Canadian P&C insurance market. Across Canada, individual insurance accounted for 61.8% of the market, 
and business insurance accounted for 38.2%.

--- Page 390 ---
-372- 
Insurer’s proposals are being increasingly developed through digital channels in the Canadian 
industry. The Canadian market continues to develop quickly as in recent years, driven by technological 
innovations, changes in expectations and consumer behaviour as well as the advent of new business 
models. Insurers are starting to position themselves in response to new trends such as InsurTech or the 
sharing economy. The impact of climate change is a major factor affecting the P&C insurance industry.  
Capital markets 
In the capital markets, the Federation competes on two fronts. It competes with other institutional 
issuers (corporate, government and financial institution issuers) for raising funds among institutional 
investors. The Federation is active on both short and long term markets. It has funding programmes in 
place in Canada, the United States and Europe. The Federation is an active player in the CMHC’s 
securitization programs.  The Federation also offers treasury products, such as loans and investments, 
derivative and foreign exchange products, corporate banking, investment banking, securities sales and 
trading services as well as advice to its clients in the institutional, corporate and public sectors (in the 
domestic market) and as such competes with other providers of these products and services, notably the 
major Canadian financial institutions. By major Canadian financial institutions, the Federation refers 
primarily to the “Big Six” Schedule I banks which all have significant capital markets operations that 
constitute the bulk of the Canadian market. 
Financing markets 
The Federation is active in several financing markets. In this role, it is an active participant in the 
Canadian corporate loan syndication market (with a strong emphasis on the Province of Québec). It also 
offers loans and banking services to mid-sized companies and public and parapublic institutions, mostly in 
Québec. 
In both markets, it competes primarily with other Canadian financial institutions.  Based on its 
presence in the Province of Québec, the Federation has a significantly higher share of these markets in the 
Province of Québec than in other provinces where it is a minor player. 
Directors of the Federation 
The following table sets forth as of the date of this Base Prospectus the name and province of 
residence in Canada, position held within Desjardins Group and principal activity outside the Federation of 
each member of the Board of Directors of the Federation.

--- Page 391 ---
-373- 
Name and Province 
of Residence 
Position Held 
within Desjardins Group 
Principal Activity Outside the 
Federation 
BABINEAU, Louis, DBA, ASC 
Québec, Canada 
Chair of the Board of Caisse 
Desjardins de Sainte-Foy 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
of Desjardins General Insurance 
Group  
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Professor, Project Management, 
UQAR, Lévis campus 
 
 
 
BACHAND, Luc, MBA, ICD.D, 
FICB  
Québec, Canada 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Corporate Director 
Retired from the Financial and 
Banking sector 
 
 
 
BAILLARGEON, Lisa, PhD, 
MBA, CPA, Adm. A 
Québec, Canada 
Chair of the Board of Caisse 
Desjardins Charles-LeMoyne 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
of Développement international 
Desjardins inc. 
President of the Risk 
Management committee of 
Développement international 
Desjardins inc.  
Director and Vice-Chair of the 
Board, Desjardins Security Fund 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Full Professor and Vice-
President of Academic Affairs at 
UQAC 
Formerly: Vice-Dean of Studies 
at UQAM, Director, Department 
of Accounting Sciences ESG-
UQAM 
BARIL-FURINO, Jordan, MBA  
Québec, Canada 
Director, Caisse Desjardins de 
l’Ouest-de-l’Île 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Assistant vice-president of 
operations at Les Produits 
alimentaires Sager inc. in the 
agri-food industry

--- Page 392 ---
-374- 
CHARBONNEAU, Johanne, 
FCPA, FCGA, MBA, C. Dir. 
Ontario, Canada 
Director and Vice-Chair of the 
Board of Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Vice-Chair and Lead Director of 
the Board of Desjardins 
Financial Corporation Inc. 
Vice-Chair and Lead Director of 
the Board of the Federation 
Chair of the Corporate 
Governance and Responsible 
Finance Commission of the 
Federation 
Chair of the Committee on the 
Aggregate Remuneration of the 
President of the Federation 
Corporate Director  
Retired from the 
telecommunications sector 
 
 
 
 
CORBEIL, Stéphane, CFA, MBA 
Québec, Canada 
Vice-Chair of the Board of the 
Caisse Desjardins du Nord de 
Laval 
Chair of the Board of Desjardins 
Security Fund 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
President/owner of TERIS 
Corporation (horticultural supply 
services) 
 
 
 
CORMIER, Guy, MBA 
Québec, Canada 
President and Chief Executive 
Officer of Desjardins Group 
Chair of the Board of the 
Federation 
Chair of the Executive 
Committee of the Federation 
Chair of the Board of Desjardins 
Technology Group and 
Desjardins Trust & Desjardins 
Capital Inc. 
Chair of the Board of Desjardins 
Financial Corporation Inc.

--- Page 393 ---
-375- 
Chair of the Board of Desjardins 
FSB Holdings, Inc. 
Director, Desjardins Security 
Fund 
 
 
 
DORÉ, Michel, BBA 
Québec, Canada 
Director, Caisse Desjardins des 
militaires 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Director, Desjardins Security 
Fund 
Human resources and strategic 
planning officer, Finances, 
Bagotville Canadian Forces 
Base (Military Administration) 
 
 
 
GRENIER, André, AGR 
Québec, Canada 
Vice-Chair of the Board of 
Caisse Desjardins de l’Érable 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Professional agrologist and 
agricultural business 
management consultant  
 
 
 
GROULX, Nadine 
Québec, Canada 
Chair of the Board of Caisse 
Desjardins des Verts-Sommets 
de l’Estrie 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Director, Desjardins Financial 
Corporation Inc. and Desjardins 
FSB Holdings, Inc. 
Agricultural entrepreneur, Ferme 
Miroc Inc. and Érablière Ferme 
des Sources 
 
 
 
JODOIN, Dominique, MBA, 
MSc. 
Québec, Canada 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
President and Executive 
Director and co-founder of 
NoviFlow Inc. (networking and 
cybersecurity solutions)

--- Page 394 ---
-376- 
JOURDAIN, Kateri C., BCom 
Québec, Canada 
Director, Caisse populaire 
Desjardins de Sept-Îles 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Director, Desjardins Security 
Fund 
Director of Community 
Relations, Boralex Inc. (wind 
farm project) 
Formerly : General Manager, 
Immobilière Montagnaise 
S.E.C., Sept-Îles, Uashat (real 
estate management) 
Formerly: Director of Community 
Relations and Communications, 
Mine Arnaud inc., Sept-Îles 
(mining project management) 
 
 
 
LAMOTHE, Marie-Josée, BSc 
Québec, Canada 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Director, Desjardins Financial 
Corporation Inc. 
President, Tandem International 
(consulting firm) 
Professor of Practice (Desautels 
Faculty of Management) and 
Executive Director of the McGill 
Dobson Centre for 
Entrepreneurship 
Formerly: Managing Director, 
Google Canada (technology 
services)  
 
 
 
LAPIERRE, Maryse, LLB, DDN, 
ASC 
Québec, Canada 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Notary in private practice 
 
 
 
LATULIPPE, Denis, FCIA, ASC 
Québec, Canada 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Professor at Université Laval’s 
School of Actuarial Science 
 
 
 
MAGNAN, Michel, PhD, FCPA, 
FCA, ASC, C.Dir. 
Québec, Canada 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust, 
Desjardins Capital Inc. and 
Desjardins Financial Corporation 
Inc. 
Chair of the Audit and Inspection 
Commission of the Federation 
Research professor at 
Concordia University, holds the 
Stephen A. Jarislowsky Chair in 
Governance at the university’s 
John Molson School of business

--- Page 395 ---
-377- 
ROUSSEAU, Serge 
Québec, Canada 
Director, Caisse Desjardins du 
Carrefour des lacs 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Director, Desjardins Financial 
Corporation Inc.  
Chair of the Board of Ethics and 
Professional Conduct of 
Desjardins Financial Corporation 
Inc. 
Vice-Chair of the Board of 
Desjardins FSB Holdings, Inc. 
Chair of the Human Resources 
Commission of the Federation 
General Manager, CPE Parc-en-
ciel (Early Childhood Care 
Services) 
 
 
 
 
SARRAZIN-SULLIVAN, Patricia-
Ann, Architect, C.Adm. 
Québec, Canada 
Vice-Chair of the Board of 
Caisse Desjardins du Plateau-
Mont-Royal 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Architect and business owner of 
Box architectures sencrl (9061-
7408 Québec Inc.), an 
architectural firm  
 
 
 
TOURANGEAU, Michel, LLB, 
ASC, C.Adm. 
Québec, Canada 
Director, Caisse Desjardins du 
Centre-est de Montréal 
Chair of the Board of Desjardins 
Financial Security Life 
Assurance Company 
Director and Secretary, 
Desjardins Technology Group, 
Desjardins Trust and Desjardins 
Capital Inc. 
Director and Secretary, 
Desjardins Financial Corporation 
Inc. 
Director and Secretary, 
Desjardins FSB Holdings, Inc. 
Chair of the Executive 
Committee of Desjardins 
Lawyer and Partner 
Lapointe Rosenstein Marchand 
Melançon, L.L.P. (law firm)

--- Page 396 ---
-378- 
Financial Security Life 
Assurance Company 
 
 
 
TREMBLAY, Marie-Ève, MSc, 
CHRP, ICD.D 
Québec, Canada 
Chair of the Board of Caisse 
Desjardins du Quartier-Latin de 
Montréal 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Vice-Chair of organizational 
transformation at Fondaction 
(Investment Fund)  
Formerly: Managing Director, 
Neuvaction (consulting, 
coaching and training services) 
 
 
 
TROTTIER, Stéphane, MErgS, 
ASC 
Ontario, Canada 
Chair of the Board of Caisse 
Desjardins Ontario Credit Union 
Inc. 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Ergonomist and owner of the 
firm Facteurs Humains 
International (IHFC Ergo) & 
owner of ErgonomicStuff.com 
(ergonomic solutions) 
 
 
 
VINET, Yvon, LLB, DDN 
Québec, Canada 
Director, Caisse Desjardins de 
Salaberry-de-Valleyfield 
Director, Desjardins Technology 
Group, Desjardins Trust and 
Desjardins Capital Inc. 
Director and Secretary, 
Desjardins Security Fund 
Notary partner at Les Notaires 
Lupien, Patenaude, Vinet, 
Gougeon, Monette inc. (notary 
firm) 
 
The business address of all of the directors is the registered office of the Issuer, 100, avenue des 
Commandeurs, Lévis, Québec, Canada G6V 7N5. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interests between any 
duties owed to the Federation by the directors and the private interests and/or external duties owed by 
these individuals.  
Capital Structure 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Federation’s authorized capital stock comprises the 
following qualifying shares and capital shares: 
An unlimited number of qualifying shares with a par value of $5. These shares can only be issued 
to members of the Federation and are redeemable only at the Board of Directors’ option under certain 
conditions stipulated in the by-laws.

--- Page 397 ---
-379- 
An unlimited number of Class A and G Capital Shares having a par value of $5 and an unlimited 
number of Class F Capital Shares and of Class Z Shares – contingent capital ("Class Z Shares") having 
a par value of $10. Class A and G Capital Shares can be issued only to members of the Federation, while 
Class F Capital Shares can be issued only to members of the Desjardins Caisses in Québec, including their 
auxiliary members. Class Z Shares may be issued to any person pursuant to the Cooperatives Act, but only 
upon conversion of contingent capital instruments in the event of non-viability or at the discretion of the 
Federation after such conversion. The Federation has the right, by resolution of the Board of Directors, to 
make a capital call in the form of Class G Capital Shares with its members, including to meet the 
requirements of a regulatory body with respect to capital adequacy or for other considerations. Any member 
to which the capital call relates must acquire and pay for the Class G Capital Shares allocated to it. The 
Federation may, by resolution of the Board of Directors and with the AMF’s authorization, repurchase all or 
part of the Class A Capital Shares, Class G Capital Shares, Class F Capital Shares and Class Z Shares, if 
applicable, unilaterally at any time. The Federation may also at any time, subject to applicable laws, and 
with the AMF’s authorization, purchase all or part of the Class A Capital Shares, Class G Capital Shares, 
Class F Capital Shares and Class Z Shares, if applicable, by mutual agreement. Furthermore, all or part of 
the Class A Capital Shares and Class G Capital Shares may be converted at any time, by resolution of the 
Board of Directors, into another class of shares issued for such purpose. The rate of interest on Class A 
Capital Shares, Class G Capital Shares, Class F Capital Shares and Class Z Shares, if applicable, is 
determined by the Board of Directors of the Federation and the latter approves annually the surpluses that 
may be allocated to the payment of interest on these capital shares. The repayment of the principal amount 
and the payment of interest on Class A, G, F Capital Shares and Class Z Shares, if applicable, are subject 
to compliance conditions. 
An unlimited number of FIN-5A, INV and SER Capital Shares in relation to an investment fund. 
These shares can be issued only to members of the Federation; they are without par value and bear no 
interest. Subject to the provisions of the Federation’s by-laws, the holders of these shares are entitled to 
share the net income of the funds. These shares are redeemable, with the AMF’s authorization, at the 
option of the Board of Directors or by mutual agreement. All or part of these shares may also, by resolution 
of the Board of Directors, be converted into another class of shares issued for such purpose. 
At a Special General Meeting of the members of the Federation held on 13 October 2021, certain 
changes aiming at simplifying the Fédération’s capital structure were approved. Such changes include the 
elimination of Class A, G, INV and SER Capital Shares, the creation of Class H Capital Shares and the 
conversion of the FIN-5A Capital Shares in Class H Capital Shares. 
Subject to the Board of Directors’ approval, these changes will come into force on 1 January 2022 
and as of that date, the Federation’s authorized capital stock will be comprised of the qualifying shares 
described above and of the following capital shares: 
An unlimited number of Class H Capital Shares having a par value of $1 and an unlimited number 
of Class F Capital Shares and of Class Z Shares having a par value of $10. Class F Capital Shares can be 
issued only to members of the Desjardins Caisses in Québec, including their auxiliary members, while Class 
H Capital Shares can be issued only to members of the Federation in connection with a conversion of 
capital shares relating to an equity fund. Class Z Shares may be issued to members of the Federation or 
to any person pursuant to the Cooperatives Act, but only upon conversion of contingent capital instruments 
in the event of non-viability or at the discretion of the Federation after such conversion, as detailed 
immediately below. The Federation may, by resolution of the Board of Directors and with the AMF’s

--- Page 398 ---
-380- 
authorization, repurchase all or part of the Class F Capital Shares and Class Z Shares, if applicable, 
unilaterally at any time. The Federation may also at any time, subject to applicable laws, and with the AMF’s 
authorization, purchase all or part of the Class F Capital Shares and Class Z Shares, if applicable, by mutual 
agreement. The Federation may, by resolution of the Board of Directors, repurchase all or part of the Class 
H Capital Shares unilaterally at any time. The Federation may also at any time purchase all or part of the 
Class H Capital Shares by mutual agreement. Furthermore, all or part of the Class H Capital Shares may 
be converted at any time, by resolution of the Board of Directors, into another class of shares issued for 
such purpose. The rate of interest on Class F Capital Shares, Class H Capital Shares and Class Z Shares, 
if applicable, is determined by the Board of Directors of the Federation and the latter approves annually the 
surpluses that may be allocated to the payment of interest on these capital shares. The repayment of the 
principal amount and the payment of interest on Class F and H Capital Shares and Class Z Shares, if 
applicable, are subject to compliance conditions. 
As mentioned above, Class Z Shares may only be issued (i) in connection with an automatic 
conversion of non-viability contingent capital instruments pursuant to the requirements of the AMF 
Guideline (such as an Automatic Conversion of the NVCC Subordinated Notes), or (ii) as determined by 
the Federation after the issuance of Class Z Shares following an automatic conversion event of such nature. 
In the event of a resolution of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins, Class Z Shares could also, without 
limitation, be issued pursuant to a Bail-in Conversion, and possibly subsequently converted with all other 
capital shares of the Federation into common shares of a new Québec savings company. Subject to the 
foregoing, in the event of the liquidation, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of the Federation, Class Z 
Shares may be redeemed, at their par value, from the remaining assets of the Groupe coopératif 
Desjardins, if any (after the reimbursement of the deposits and other debts of the Groupe coopératif 
Desjardins, and the payment to holders of classes of investment shares, if any, and capital shares relating 
to investment funds, of the amounts to which they are entitled with respect to such shares), to be received 
pro rata and equally with the other classes of capital shares and qualifying shares, and otherwise subject 
to applicable law and capital adequacy requirements. Any Class Z Share, when issued, will rank on parity 
with all other outstanding Tier 1A capital (as defined in the AMF Guideline) instruments of the Federation. 
The holders of qualifying shares and capital shares of the Federation are not entitled to notice of 
or to attend or vote at meetings of the Federation’s members. 
Material Contracts 
The Federation has not entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course of the Federation’s 
business which could result in it or any member of Desjardins Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Federation’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of any Notes to be 
issued by the Federation other than, with respect to any Notes, the Programme Agreement described in 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions” and the Bearer Notes Agency Agreement 
and Registered Notes Agency Agreement described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Issuer Credit Ratings 
Desjardins Group’s credit ratings impact its capacity to access sources of financing from financial 
markets, as well as the terms of such financing. They are also taken into account during certain Desjardins 
Group transactions involving counterparties.

--- Page 399 ---
-381- 
The credit rating agencies assign credit ratings and the related outlooks based on their 
methodologies, which comprise a number of evaluation criteria, including factors, which are beyond 
Desjardins Group’s control. The agencies evaluate Desjardins Group on a combined basis and take into 
account its capitalization, its consistent financial performance, its significant market share in Québec and 
the quality of its assets. Consequently, the credit ratings of the Federation, a reporting issuer, and of 
Desjardins Capital Inc., a venture issuer, are backed by the financial strength of Desjardins Group. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the four credit rating agencies (Moody’s Canada, S&P 
Canada, DBRS and Fitch) have assigned credit ratings to the Federation.  Each of the Federation’s debt 
securities ratings as at the date of this Base Prospectus are listed below. 
Rating Agency 
Legacy1 
Medium 
and Long 
Term 
Senior 
Debt 
Medium and 
Long Term 
Senior Bail-
inable Debt 
Short Term Senior 
Debt 
 
NVCC 
Subordinated Notes 
Moody's Canada 
Aa2 
A1 
P-1 
A2 
S&P Canada 
A+ 
A- 
A-1 
BBB+ 
Fitch 
AA 
AA- 
F1+ 
A 
DBRS 
AA 
AA (low) 
R-1 (high) 
A (low) 
 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the issuing rating agency. Credit ratings are intended to provide 
investors with an independent assessment of the credit quality of an issuance of securities. It is 
recommended that prospective purchasers of any Notes consult the rating agencies to familiarize 
themselves with the interpretation and significance of the provisional ratings shown above. The above 
ratings should not be construed as recommendations to buy, sell or hold on to any Notes. Ratings may be 
revised or withdrawn at any time by the credit rating agencies. As is customary, the Federation paid fees 
to the aforementioned credit rating agencies for credit rating services rendered, and other rating agencies 
received fees for other services rendered during the last two financial years. The Federation expects to pay 
similar fees to them in the future.  
Each of S&P Canada, Moody's Canada, Fitch and DBRS is established outside of the EU but its 
respective EU credit rating agency affiliate: (i) is established in the EU; (ii) is registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation; and, (iii) has indicated an intention to endorse the credit ratings of S&P Canada, Moody's 
Canada, Fitch or DBRS, respectively.  Each of S&P Canada, Moody's Canada, Fitch and DBRS is 
established outside of the United Kingdom but its respective United Kingdom credit rating agency affiliate: 
(i) is established in the United Kingdom; (ii) is registered under the United Kingdom CRA Regulation; and, 
                                                     
 
1 Legacy medium and long-term senior debt includes Senior Notes issued prior to 31 March 2019 and Senior Notes issued on or after 
31 March 2019, in each case which are not Bail-inable Notes.

--- Page 400 ---
-382- 
(iii) has indicated an intention to endorse the credit ratings of S&P Canada, Moody's Canada, Fitch or 
DBRS, respectively. See also "Credit Ratings" on page xv.

--- Page 401 ---
-383- 
DESJARDINS GROUP 
The information appearing below is supplemented by the more detailed information contained in 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  See section entitled 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" on page 57 of this Base Prospectus . 
Founded in 1900, Desjardins Group is an institutional network of financial services cooperatives. It 
is the largest financial cooperative in North America, with assets of $390.6 billion as at 30 September 2021. 
As at 30 September 2021, the organization included 214 Desjardins Caisses in Québec, the Caisse 
Desjardins Ontario Credit Union Inc., the Fédération and its subsidiaries, and the Fonds de sécurité 
Desjardins. A number of its subsidiaries and components are active across Canada, and Desjardins Group 
maintains a presence in the United States through Desjardins Bank, National Association and the 
Desjardins Florida Branch. Desjardins Group’s “Personal and Business Services”, “Wealth Management 
and Life and Health Insurance” and “P&C Insurance” business segments offer a full range of financial 
services to members and clients designed to meet their needs. As one of the largest employers in Canada, 
Desjardins Group capitalizes on the skills of over 52,800 employees and the commitment of more than 
2,500 directors. Desjardins Group is not a legal entity itself but is the term used to describe the numerous 
legal entities that form the group, as more fully described in this section. 
The Desjardins Caisses in Québec are autonomous legal entities organized as financial services 
cooperatives governed by the Cooperatives Act and grouped together as members of the Federation. Under 
the Cooperatives Act, every Desjardins Caisse in Québec must be a member of the Federation to be initially 
constituted and to maintain its existence. The Desjardins Caisses are grouped together as members of the 
Federation and, together with the Federation, form a network of financial services cooperatives. As a 
general rule, the activities of a caisse are exercised for and on behalf of, its members, which are either 
individuals or entities that open an account and purchase a qualifying share of the caisse. In general, the 
members of the Desjardins Caisses are residents of Canada. Desjardins Group also includes Caisse 
Desjardins Ontario Credit Union Inc., the Fonds de Sécurité Desjardins, Desjardins Capital Inc., Desjardins 
Technology Group Inc., Desjardins Financial Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries, namely, Desjardins Trust 
Inc., Desjardins Securities Inc., 9420-7404 Québec inc. (which manages two brands: Duproprio and 
Purplebricks Canada) and Desjardins Financial Corporation Inc. and its own subsidiaries, namely 
Desjardins General Insurance Group Inc., Desjardins Global Asset Management Inc., and Desjardins 
Financial Security Life Assurance Company. 
The Federation is the cooperative entity responsible for strategic policy, oversight, coordination, 
treasury and development activities for Desjardins Group. It provides its member caisses with a variety of 
services, including certain technical, financial and administrative services. The Cooperatives Act gives the 
Federation broad normative powers to act as a supervisory and control body for the Desjardins Caisses in 
Québec and to carry out its mission to manage the risks, capital, assets and liquidity of Desjardins Group 
and to ensure the financial health and sustainability of the Groupe coopératif Desjardins. The Federation is 
responsible for inspecting the Desjardins Caisses and for adopting a satisfactory standard for the content 
of the financial reports required to be produced by the Desjardins Caisses in order for the Federation to 
have the Desjardins Group’s combined financial statements audited. The Federation is managed by its 
Board of Directors and the Board of Ethics and Professional Conduct in the manner contemplated by the 
Cooperatives Act. The AMF is the governmental regulatory agency responsible for the annual inspection 
and supervision of Desjardins Group’s and the Federation’s financial disclosure controls and procedures.

--- Page 402 ---
-384- 
The assessment powers, the liquidation mechanism and the Federation’s role in Desjardins Group 
(all of which are described above under “Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec - Regulation and 
Control” on page 363 of this Base Prospectus) enables the Federation to achieve higher credit ratings than 
would otherwise apply to it as a stand-alone entity. Desjardins Group is also important to the Federation in 
that a portion of the Federation’s cash flows and income is derived from its lending and other relationships 
with the other members of Desjardins Group, including on interest and other payments from the caisses 
and the other members of Desjardins Group. Accordingly, while any payments under the Notes are 
obligations of the Federation only and accordingly are not obligations of the other members of Desjardins 
Group, Desjardins Group’s overall strength is nonetheless important information for investors. 
For a detailed description of Desjardins Group performance, please see the sections of the DFG 
2020 Annual Report incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME ARE OBLIGATIONS OF THE FEDERATION ONLY AND 
ARE NOT OBLIGATIONS OF THE OTHER MEMBERS OF DESJARDINS GROUP. THE FACT THAT 
THE DESJARDINS CAISSES ARE REQUIRED TO FUND THE FEDERATION BY WAY OF 
ASSESSMENTS MADE BY THE FEDERATION BY LAW OR OTHERWISE IS NOT IN ANY WAY A 
GUARANTEE OF THE NOTES, AND PURCHASERS OF NOTES WILL NOT HAVE ANY RIGHTS AS 
THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH AND WILL NOT 
HAVE ANY RIGHT TO BENEFIT FROM ANY GUARANTEE OR ANY OTHER FORM OF CREDIT 
SUPPORT OR RECEIVE ANY OTHER PAYMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES FROM, IN EACH 
CASE, ANY MEMBER OF DESJARDINS GROUP OR ANY OTHER AFFILIATE OF  THE FEDERATION.  
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IN THE EVENT OF THE WINDING-UP, INSOLVENCY, 
BANKRUPTCY, LIQUIDATION OR DISSOLUTION OF THE FEDERATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
APPLICABLE LAW, THE SENIOR NOTES WILL RANK EQUALLY IN RIGHT OF PAYMENT WITH ALL 
DEPOSIT LIABILITIES AND OTHER UNSECURED AND UNSUBORDINATED LIABILITIES OF 
GROUPE COOPÉRATIF DESJARDINS EXCEPT AS MAY BE PROVIDED BY LAW AND SUBJECT TO 
THE RESOLUTION POWERS OF THE AMF (INCLUDING THE BAIL-IN POWERS), AND THE NVCC 
SUBORDINATED NOTES WILL RANK IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED IN CONDITION 3(B) OF THE 
"TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BEARER NOTES" AND CONDITION 4(B) OF THE "TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE REGISTERED NOTES" ON PAGES 100 AND 279, RESPECTIVELY OF THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS. IN THE EVENT OF THE WINDING-UP, INSOLVENCY, BANKRUPTCY, 
LIQUIDATION OR DISSOLUTION OF THE FEDERATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW, 
THE FEDERATION SHALL HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO REPAY THE NVCC SUBORDINATED NOTES 
OR ANY COUPONS DUE THEREON UNTIL ALL OTHER UNSUBORDINATED CREDITORS OF THE 
GROUPE COOPÉRATIF DESJARDINS HAVE BEEN REIMBURSED OR PAID, OR THE FUNDS 
NECESSARY TO SATISFY ALL OTHER UNSUBORDINATED CREDITORS HAVE BEEN DEPOSITED.

--- Page 403 ---
-385- 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement dated 20 December 2021 (as amended, restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time) (the "Programme Agreement"), agreed with the Federation a basis upon 
which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will, inter 
alia, make provision for the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions 
or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Federation in respect of such purchase. 
The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Federation and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business without regard to the Noteholders. In addition, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers without regard to the effect on 
the Federation's business or profitability or the Noteholders. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Federation or its affiliates. If any Dealers or their affiliates have 
a lending relationship with the Federation, certain of those Dealers and their affiliates routinely hedge, and 
certain other of those Dealers and their affiliates may hedge, their credit exposure to the Federation 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which would consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially any Notes issued under 
the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of any Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Canada 
While the Senior Notes are exempted from the prospectus requirement under the securities laws of any 
province or territory of Canada, the NVCC Subordinated Notes are not exempt from the prospectus 
requirement under the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada and have not been and will not 
be qualified for sale under such laws. This Base Prospectus has not been approved by any regulator or 
regulatory authority in Canada. 
If the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement specify "Canadian 
Sales permitted", each Dealer will be required to agree that it will offer, sell and distribute such Notes only 
in compliance with the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof and subject to the 
consent of the Federation for each such offer, sale and distribution. In respect of any offer, sale or 
distribution of Bail-inable Notes and NVCC Subordinated Notes in any province or territory of Canada, each 
Dealer shall comply with any further selling restrictions agreed between such Dealer and the Federation in 
respect of offers in Canada.

--- Page 404 ---
-386- 
If the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement specify "Canadian 
Sales not permitted", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold, distributed or delivered, 
and that it will not offer, sell, distribute or deliver any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the 
benefit of any resident thereof. 
In the case of sales of NVCC Subordinated Notes outside of Canada, each Dealer shall comply with 
any further restrictions agreed between such Dealer and the Federation. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, not to distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material relating to the Notes, 
in Canada in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof. 
United States 
Transfer Restrictions 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Global Registered 
Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer 
an interest from one Global Registered Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will 
be required to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined 
in Rule 501 under the Securities Act, Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account 
of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 
144A; or (ii) it is outside the United States and is not U.S. person and is acting in reliance 
upon Regulation S under the Securities Act;  
(b) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in 
the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any applicable U.S. state 
securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth in this section; 
(c) 
it agrees that the Federation has no obligation to register the Notes under the Securities 
Act; 
(d) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and is a person located 
outside the United States and is not U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S), if in 
the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial 
interests in the Notes, it will do so only, prior to the date which is one year after the later of 
the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Federation or an affiliate 
of the Federation was the owner of such Notes, (a) to the Federation or any affiliate thereof, 
(b) inside the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB 
purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 
Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (d) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided

--- Page 405 ---
-387- 
by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (e) pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. 
state securities laws; 
(e) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it 
of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (d) above, if then applicable; 
(f) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more 
Rule 144A Global Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(g) 
that either (A) it is not and for so long as it holds a Note (or any interest therein) will not be 
(i) an "employee benefit plan" as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title I 
of ERISA, (ii) a "plan" as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) a 
governmental or other plan which is subject to any federal, state or other law that is 
substantially similar to the provisions of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
("Similar Laws"), or (iv) an entity whose underlying assets include "plan assets" of any 
such employee benefit plan, plan, account or arrangement or (B) its purchase and holding 
of the Notes will not, in the case of an ERISA Plan, result in a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code because such 
purchase and holding satisfies the conditions for relief under an applicable statutory, class 
or individual prohibited transaction exemption (and in the case of a Plan subject to Similar 
Laws, result in a violation of Similar Laws); 
(h) 
that the Global Registered Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a 
legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Federation: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL 
NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY 
(THE "AGENCY AGREEMENT") AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR 
AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST 
DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER 
OF SUCH NOTES, AND OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE 
THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER 
REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS 
OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER

--- Page 406 ---
-388- 
IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE 
THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE 
EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. 
 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, 
BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR 
REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, 
TO 
MODIFY 
THE 
RESTRICTIONS 
ON 
AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO 
REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR 
OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF 
THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH 
OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND 
ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION 
THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). 
 
BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN), 
THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND 
AGREED THAT EITHER (A) IT IS NOT AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE 
(OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE (I) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" AS 
DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME 
SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF 
ERISA, (II) A "PLAN" AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), (III) A 
GOVERNMENTAL OR OTHER PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE 
OR OTHER LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE 
I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAWS") OR (IV) AN ENTITY 
WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLAN, PLAN, ACCOUNT OR ARRANGEMENT  (EACH OF THE FOREGOING, 
A "PLAN") OR (B) ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE WILL NOT, IN THE 
CASE OF A PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, 
RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF 
ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE BECAUSE SUCH PURCHASE AND HOLDING 
SATISFIES THE CONDITIONS FOR RELIEF UNDER AN APPLICABLE STATUTORY, 
CLASS OR INDIVIDUAL PROHIBITED TRANSACTION EXEMPTION (AND IN THE

--- Page 407 ---
-389- 
CASE OF A PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAWS, RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR LAWS). 
 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS 
SECURITY MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISION OF 
SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A"; 
 
(i) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise 
transfer the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 
40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Tranche of Notes of which such Notes 
are a part, as determined and notified by the relevant Dealer in the case of non-syndicated 
issue or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the Lead Manager), it will do so only (a)(i) 
outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or 
(ii) in the case of Registered Notes only, to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (b) in 
accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities laws; and it acknowledges that the 
Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise 
agreed to by the Federation: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY (THE "AGENCY AGREEMENT") AND 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. UNTIL THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE 
COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF 
WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART, SALES MAY NOT BE MADE IN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS MADE (I) PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR 904 
OR REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (II) TO QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS AS DEFINED IN, AND IN TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO, 
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN), 
THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND 
AGREED THAT EITHER (A) IT IS NOT AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE 
(OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE (I) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" AS 
DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME 
SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF 
ERISA, (II) A "PLAN" AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), (III) A 
GOVERNMENTAL OR OTHER PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE 
OR OTHER LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE 
I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAWS") OR (IV) AN ENTITY 
WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLAN, PLAN, ACCOUNT OR ARRANGEMENT  (EACH OF THE FOREGOING,

--- Page 408 ---
-390- 
A ("PLAN") OR (B) ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE WILL NOT, IN THE 
CASE OF A PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, 
RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF 
ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE BECAUSE SUCH PURCHASE AND HOLDING 
SATISFIES THE CONDITIONS FOR RELIEF UNDER AN APPLICABLE STATUTORY, 
CLASS OR INDIVIDUAL PROHIBITED TRANSACTION EXEMPTION (AND IN THE 
CASE OF A PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAWS, RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR LAWS)"; and 
(j) 
that the Federation, the Dealers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of 
such acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer 
accurate, it will promptly notify the Federation; and if it is acquiring any Notes as fiduciary 
or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with 
respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sales of Registered Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination set forth in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the Pricing Supplement in respect of the relevant Registered Notes. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary 
acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least an amount equal to the 
applicable minimum purchase price set forth in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the Pricing Supplement in respect of the relevant Registered Notes. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Registered Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such 
purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal 
amount of Registered Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A will be US$200,000 
(or the approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency) unless the minimum Specified Denomination 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement indicates 
otherwise. 
Selling Restrictions 
Regulation S, Category 2, Rule 144A and/or Regulation S eligible if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. state securities 
laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or its territories or possessions or to or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. persons (within the meaning of Regulation S) and the Securities Act except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
Code and regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing

--- Page 409 ---
-391- 
Supplement will identify whether TEFRA D Rules or TEFRA C Rules apply or whether it is an Excluded 
Transfer. 
In connection with any Notes (including Registered Notes) which are offered or sold outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver 
such Regulations S Notes (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Tranche of Notes of which such Notes are a part, as determined and 
notified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of a non-syndicated issue, the lead manager, in the case of 
a syndicated issue, and except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until forty days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than 
in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act (if available). 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Registered Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such 
purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal 
amount of Registered Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A will be the minimum 
Specified Denomination specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing 
Supplement in U.S. dollars (or the approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency).  
EEA - Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes, or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the 
case of Exempt Notes, specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes or Exempt Notes, as the case may be, which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be, in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
if so specified in any applicable Pricing Supplement, not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 410 ---
-392- 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes or Exempt Notes, as the case 
may be, to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes or Exempt Notes, as the case may be. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes, or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case 
of Exempt Notes, specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", then, in 
relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant Member State"), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that  Relevant Member State: 
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended). 
United Kingdom - Prohibition of sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors  
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of 
Exempt Notes, specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 411 ---
-393- 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the United Kingdom Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; 
or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the United Kingdom Prospectus 
Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
 
 
If the Final Terms, or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes, in respect of any 
Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the Pricing Supplement, in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the United 
Kingdom Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes 
and the expression "United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom - Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as

--- Page 412 ---
-394- 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business, and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Federation; 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Federation; 
and 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France  
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for clearance to the Autorité des marchés financiers in 
France.  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes to the public in France (other than to qualified investors as described below), and has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France 
(other than to qualified investors as described below), the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement or any other offering material relating to the Notes, and that such offers, sales and 
distributions have been and shall be made in France pursuant to Articles L. 411-2 1° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, as defined 
in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article L. 411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold, and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell the Notes in The Netherlands, other than to qualified investors, as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. 
In addition to the above, if the Federation issues Zero Coupon Notes and these Zero Coupon Notes are 
offered in the Netherlands as part of their initial distribution or immediately thereafter: 
(a) 
transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes may only take place either by and 
between individuals not acting in the course of their profession or business or through the 
mediation of either a permit holder (Toegelaten Instelling) of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. or the  
Federation itself in accordance with the Savings Certificate Act of 21 May 1985 (Wet inzake 
Spaarbewijzen); and

--- Page 413 ---
-395- 
(b) 
certain identification requirements in relation to the issue and transfer of, and payment on the 
Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with pursuant to section 3a of the Savings Certificate 
Act; 
Furthermore, unless such Zero Coupon Notes qualify as commercial paper or certificates of deposit and 
the transaction is carried out between professional lenders and borrowers: 
(i) each transaction concerning such Zero Coupon Notes must be recorded in a transaction 
note, stating the name and address of the other party to the transaction, the nature of the 
transaction and details, including the number and serial number of the Zero Coupon Notes 
concerned; 
(ii) the obligations referred to under (a) above must be indicated on a legend printed on Zero 
Coupon Notes that are not listed on a stock market; and 
(iii) any reference to the words “to bearer” in any documents or advertisements in which a 
forthcoming offering of Zero Coupon Notes is publicly announced is prohibited. 
For purposes of this paragraph, “Zero Coupon Notes” are Notes to bearer in definitive form that constitute 
a claim for a fixed sum of money against the Federation and on which interest does not become due prior 
to maturity or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Republic of Italy 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Federation is not licensed to "collect deposits and other 
funds with the obligation to reimburse" in Italy in accordance with the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, and therefore, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that no Notes may 
be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to 
the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy until such license has been obtained.  
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(A) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of 
the People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong"), by means of any document, any Notes (except for 
Notes which are "structured products" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 
571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
 
(B) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement,

--- Page 414 ---
-396- 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO.  
 
Japan 
No registration pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "FIEA") has been made or will be made with respect to the 
Notes. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Resident of Japan (as defined under Article 6, Paragraph 
1, Item 5 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949 of Japan, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any Resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan.   
Singapore  
 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the MAS. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer to 
sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined 
in the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, 
and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is 
owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be

--- Page 415 ---
-397- 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore and 
a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as 
modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable 
at the relevant time. 
Belgium  
 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any 
individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer"), and that it has not offered, sold or 
resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has 
not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.  
Switzerland  
(a) 
Unless otherwise stated in a Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt Notes and subject to 
paragraph (b), (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within 
the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (as amended, the "FinSA"), (ii) no application has 
or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland, (iii) neither this Base Prospectus nor in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement  any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and (iv) neither this Base 
Prospectus nor the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland; and 
(b) 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree in respect of any Notes that (i) such Notes may be 
publicly offered in Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA, and/or (ii) an application may be made 
by or on behalf of the Issuer to admit such Notes on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading

--- Page 416 ---
-398- 
facility) in Switzerland, provided that the Issuer and the relevant Dealers comply with the applicable 
requirements of the FinSA in connection with such public offering and/or application for admission to 
trading, including, without limitation, any requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus in 
accordance with FinSA, and the listing rules of the relevant trading venue in Switzerland. 
General 
No action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would 
permit an offer of the Notes to the public, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or of any 
other offering material in such country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief after making reasonable investigation) comply with 
all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells 
Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or any other 
offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Federation nor any other 
Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Federation and such Dealer shall agree. 
These selling restrictions will be deemed to be modified by the agreement of the Federation and the 
relevant Dealer following a change in a relevant law or regulation and such amendments may be specified 
in a Supplement to this Base Prospectus or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a Pricing Supplement.  
Neither the Federation nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 417 ---
-399- 
TAXATION 
Canada  
The following summary describes the principal income tax considerations as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus under the laws of Canada and the Province of Québec generally applicable to a holder of Notes 
who acquires, as a beneficial owner, Notes, including entitlements to all payments thereunder, pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus, and who, at all relevant times, for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) (the 
"Act") and any applicable income tax convention, (i) is not resident and is not deemed to be resident in 
Canada, (ii) deals at arm's length with the Federation and any Canadian resident (or deemed Canadian 
resident) to whom the holder assigns or otherwise transfers the Notes, (iii) does not use or hold and is not 
deemed to use or hold Notes in or in the course of carrying on a business in Canada, (iv) does not receive 
any payment of interest (including any amounts deemed to be interest) on Notes in respect of a debt or 
other obligation to pay an amount to a person with whom the Federation does not deal at arm's length, (v) 
is not an "authorized foreign bank" (as defined in the Act), (vi) is not a "registered non-resident insurer" (as 
defined in the Act), (vii) is not an insurer carrying on an insurance business in Canada and elsewhere, and 
(viii) is not a "specified shareholder" (as defined in subsection 18(5) of the Act) and deals at arm's length 
with each person who is a "specified shareholder" of the Federation for purposes of the thin capitalization 
rules in the Act (a "Non-resident Holder"). 
This summary is based upon the provisions of the Act and the Taxation Act (Québec) in force on this 
date and any regulations thereunder, proposed amendments thereto in a form publicly announced prior to 
the date hereof and the Issuer's understanding of the current administrative and assessing policies and 
practices published in writing by the Canada Revenue Agency and the Agence du revenu du Québec. This 
summary takes into account all specific proposals to amend the Act, the Taxation Act (Québec) and 
regulations publicly announced by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance (Canada) or the Minister of 
Finance (Québec) prior to the date hereof (the "Proposed Amendments") and assumes that all Proposed 
Amendments will be enacted in the form proposed. However, no assurances can be given that the 
Proposed Amendments will be enacted as proposed, or at all. This summary does not otherwise take into 
account or anticipate any changes in law, or administrative policy or assessing practice whether by 
legislative, regulatory, administrative or judicial action, nor does it take into account foreign or any other 
Canadian provincial or territorial income tax legislation. Subsequent developments could have a material 
effect on the following description. 
The Canadian federal income tax considerations applicable to particular Notes may be described in the 
Drawdown Prospectus or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement relevant to such Notes, in 
which case the following summary will be superseded thereby to the extent indicated in such Drawdown 
Prospectus or Pricing Supplement.  
This summary is of a general nature only and is not, and should not be construed to be, legal 
or tax advice to any particular holder of Notes. This summary is not exhaustive of all Canadian 
federal and provincial income tax considerations. Accordingly, prospective purchasers of Notes 
should consult their tax advisers for advice regarding the income tax considerations applicable to 
them. 
Interest paid or credited or deemed to be paid or credited by the Federation on a Note (including 
amounts on account of or in lieu of, or in satisfaction of, interest) to a Non-resident Holder will not be subject

--- Page 418 ---
-400- 
to Canadian non-resident withholding tax, unless all or any portion of such interest (other than on a 
"prescribed obligation" described below) is contingent or dependent on the use of or production from 
property in Canada or is computed by reference to revenue, profit, cash flow, commodity price or any other 
similar criterion or by reference to dividends paid or payable to shareholders of any class or series of shares 
of the capital stock of a corporation ("Participating Debt Interest"). A debt obligation is a "prescribed 
obligation" if it is an "indexed debt obligation" (as defined in the Act) and no amount payable in respect 
thereof, other than an amount determined by reference to a change in the purchasing power of money, is 
contingent or dependent upon any of the criteria described in the definition of Participating Debt Interest. 
An "indexed debt obligation" is a debt obligation the terms or conditions of which provide for an adjustment 
to an amount payable in respect of the obligation for a period during which the obligation was outstanding 
that is determined by reference to a change in the purchasing power of money. If any interest to be paid 
or credited on a Note, or any portion of the nominal amount of such a Note in excess of its issue 
price, is to be calculated by reference to an index or formula, such interest or principal, as the case 
may be, may be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding tax. 
In the event that a Note under its terms is redeemed, cancelled, repurchased, as applicable, or, 
purchased by the Federation or any other person resident or deemed to be resident in Canada from a Non-
resident Holder or is otherwise assigned or transferred by a Non-resident Holder to a person resident or 
deemed to be resident in Canada for an amount which exceeds, generally, the issue price thereof or in 
certain cases the price for which such Note was assigned or transferred to the Non-resident Holder by a 
person resident or deemed to be resident in Canada, the excess may be deemed to be interest and may, 
together with any interest that has accrued or is deemed to have accrued on the Note to that time, be 
subject to Canadian non-resident withholding tax if the Note is not considered an "excluded obligation" for 
the purposes of the Act and all or any part of such interest or deemed interest is Participating Debt Interest 
which is not exempt from Canadian non-resident withholding tax. A Note that was issued for an amount not 
less than 97% of the principal amount (as defined for the purposes of the Act) of the Notes, and the yield 
from which, expressed in terms of an annual rate (determined in accordance with the Act) on the amount 
for which the Note was issued does not exceed 4/3 of the interest stipulated to be payable on the Note, 
expressed in terms of an annual rate on the outstanding principal amount from time to time, will be an 
excluded obligation for this purpose, if the Note is not an "indexed debt obligation" (as defined above).  
If applicable, the normal rate of Canadian non-resident withholding tax is 25% but such rate may be 
reduced under the terms of an applicable income tax treaty.  
Generally, under the laws of Canada and of Québec, there are no estate taxes or succession duties 
imposed in respect of interest or principal paid or credited in respect of the Notes and there are no other 
taxes on income (including taxable capital gains) payable by a Non-resident Holder in respect of the holding 
or disposition of a Note. 
For purposes of the Act, all amounts not otherwise expressed in Canadian dollars must be converted 
to Canadian dollars based on a single day exchange rate, as quoted by the Bank of Canada, for the 
applicable day or such other rate of exchange that is acceptable to the Minister of National Revenue 
(Canada).

--- Page 419 ---
-401- 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Common Reporting Standard 
 
Under the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's ("OECD") initiative for the 
automatic exchange of information, many countries have committed to automatic exchange of information 
relating to accounts held by tax residents of signatory countries, using a common reporting standard.  
 
Canada is one of over 90 countries that has signed the OECD's Multilateral Competent Authority 
Agreement and Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"), which provides for the implementation of the 
automatic exchange of tax information. On 15 December 2016, legislation to implement the CRS in Canada 
was enacted, effective as of 1 July 2017, which requires Canadian financial institutions to report certain 
information concerning certain investors resident in participating countries to the Canada Revenue Agency 
and to follow certain due diligence procedures. The Canada Revenue Agency will then provide such 
information to the tax authorities in the applicable investors' countries of residence, where required under 
CRS.  
Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations  
The following summary describes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to the 
purchase, ownership, and disposition of the Notes. This summary applies only to holders that acquire their 
Notes in this offering for a price equal to the issue price (as defined below) and hold such Notes as capital 
assets, within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code. This discussion is based upon current provisions 
of the Code, existing and proposed Treasury Regulations thereunder, current administrative rulings, judicial 
decisions and other applicable authorities. All of the foregoing are subject to change, which change may 
apply retroactively and could affect the continued validity of this summary. This summary does not describe 
any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, locality or taxing jurisdiction other than the U.S. 
federal government. 
This discussion does not purport to deal with all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be 
relevant to the note holders in light of their personal investment circumstances nor, except for limited 
discussions of particular topics, to holders subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax 
laws, including: financial institutions; life insurance companies; securities dealers or traders electing mark-
to-market treatment; certain governmental entities; persons that own 10% or more of the Issuer (by vote or 
value); partnerships or any entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
non-resident alien individuals and foreign corporations; tax-exempt organizations; persons that hold the 
Notes as a position in a "straddle" or as part of a synthetic security or "hedge," "conversion transaction" or 
other integrated investment; persons subject to special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the 
Code; U.S. holders (as defined below) that have a "functional currency" other than the U.S. dollar; investors 
in pass-through entities that hold Notes; investors liable for the alternative minimum tax; and United States 
expatriates.  
This general summary deals only with certain U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to the 
purchase, ownership, and disposition of certain Notes in registered form for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes with a maturity date not more than 30 years after issuance. This summary does not discuss the 
tax treatment of certain Notes, such as Zero Coupon Notes and Bearer Notes. The treatment of Notes not 
described herein will be addressed in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In general, U.S. federal income 
tax law imposes significant limitations on U.S. holders of Bearer Notes. U.S. holders should consult their

--- Page 420 ---
-402- 
tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income and other tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and disposition of Zero Coupon Notes and Bearer Notes. 
In addition, persons considering the purchase of the Notes should consult their tax advisers with regard 
to the application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax 
consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction. 
As used in this section, a "U.S. holder" is a beneficial owner of a Note that is treated for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes as: 
 
an individual citizen or resident of the United States; 
 
a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) 
organized under the laws of the United States or any State (or the District of Columbia); 
 
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; 
or 
 
a trust if (1) a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the trust's administration and 
any one or more U.S. persons (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code (a "U.S. person")) 
are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (2) the trust has in effect a valid 
election to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
A "Non-U.S. holder" is a beneficial owner of a Note that is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
as: 
 
a non-resident alien individual; 
 
a foreign corporation; 
 
an estate that is not subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis; or 
 
a trust if (1) no U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the trust's administration or no 
U.S. person and no group of such persons is authorized to control all substantial decisions of the 
trust, and (2) the trust has no election to be treated as a U.S. person in effect. 
If a partnership (or an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is a beneficial 
owner of a Note, the treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the 
partner and the activities of the partnership. A beneficial owner of a Note that is a partnership, and partners 
in such a partnership, should consult with their tax advisors about the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of holding and disposing of such note. 
U.S. Tax Treatment of U.S. Holders of Notes 
Characterization of the Notes  
Subject to the discussion directly below regarding Bail-inable Notes, and the discussion below under 
"— NVCC Subordinated Notes", the Issuer generally intends to treat Notes issued under the Programme

--- Page 421 ---
-403- 
as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. The tax treatment of Notes to which a treatment other than as debt may apply may be 
discussed in the applicable Pricing Supplement. The following disclosure applies only to Notes that are 
treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
There is no authority that specifically addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an instrument 
such as the Bail-inable Notes. While the Issuer intends to treat the Bail-inable Notes as debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") could assert an alternative tax treatment of 
the Bail-inable Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for example, that the Bail-inable Notes should 
be considered as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance that any 
alternative tax treatment, if successfully asserted by the IRS would not have adverse U.S. federal income 
tax consequences to a U.S. holder of Bail-inable Notes. If the Bail-inable Notes are treated as equity for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. holder would generally be subject to the tax consequences 
described under "— NVCC Subordinated Notes — Tax Consequences if the NVCC Subordinated Notes 
are Treated as Equity."  U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal 
income tax considerations if the Bail-inable Notes were to be treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers regarding the appropriate 
characterization of, and U.S. federal income tax and other tax consequences of investing in, the 
Notes. 
Payments of Stated Interest 
Interest paid on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues 
or is received in accordance with the U.S. holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, provided that the interest is "qualified stated interest" (as defined below). Interest income earned 
by a U.S. holder with respect to a Note will constitute foreign source income for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, which may be relevant in calculating the U.S. holder's foreign tax credit limitation. The rules 
regarding foreign tax credits are complex and prospective investors should consult their tax advisors about 
the application of such rules to them in their particular circumstances. Special rules governing the treatment 
of interest paid with respect to original issue discount Notes, exchangeable Notes and foreign currency 
Notes are described under "—Original Issue Discount," "— Variable Rate Debt Instruments," "— Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments," and "—Foreign Currency Notes". 
Original Issue Discount 
A Note that has an "issue price" that is less than its "stated redemption price at maturity" will be 
considered to have been issued at an original discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and will be 
referred to as an "original issue discount Note") unless the Note satisfies a de minimis threshold (as 
described below) or is a short-term Note (as defined below). The "issue price" of a Note generally will be 
the first price at which a substantial amount of the Notes are sold to the public (which does not include sales 
to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organizations acting in the capacity of underwriters, 
placement agents or wholesalers). The "stated redemption price at maturity" of a Note generally will 
equal the sum of all payments required to be made under the Note other than payments of "qualified stated 
interest". "Qualified stated interest" is stated interest unconditionally payable (other than in debt 
instruments of the issuer) at least annually during the entire term of the Note and equal to the outstanding 
principal balance of the Note multiplied by a single fixed rate of interest. In addition, qualified stated interest

--- Page 422 ---
-404- 
includes, among other things, stated interest on a "variable rate date instrument" that is unconditionally 
payable (other than in debt instruments of the issuer) at least annually at a single qualified floating rate of 
interest or at a rate that is determined at a single fixed formula that is based on objective financial or 
economic information. A rate is a qualified floating rate if variations in the rate can reasonably be expected 
to measure contemporaneous fluctuations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the 
Note is denominated. 
If the difference between a Note's stated redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less than a 
de minimis amount, i.e., 1/4 of 1 percent of the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number 
of complete years to maturity, then the Note will not be considered to have original issue discount. U.S. 
holders of Notes with a de minimis amount of original issue discount will include this original issue discount 
in income, as capital gain, on a pro rata basis as principal payments are made on the Note. 
A U.S. holder of original issue discount Notes will be required to include any qualified stated interest 
payments in income in accordance with the U.S. holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. U.S. holders of original issue discount Notes that mature more than one year from their date of 
issuance will be required to include original issue discount in income for U.S. federal tax purposes as it 
accrues in accordance with a constant yield method based on a compounding of interest, regardless of 
whether cash attributable to this income is received. 
A U.S. holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any Note 
(including stated interest, acquisition discount, original issue discount, de minimis original issue discount, 
market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortizable bond 
premium or acquisition premium) in accordance with a constant yield method based on the compounding 
of interest, and may revoke such election only with the permission of the IRS (a "constant yield election"). 
A Note that matures one year or less from its date of issuance (a "short-term Note") will be treated as 
being issued at a discount and none of the interest paid on the Note will be treated as qualified stated 
interest. In general, a cash method U.S. holder of a short-term Note is not required to accrue the discount 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it elects to do so. U.S. holders who so elect and certain other 
holders, including those who report income on the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, are required to include the discount in income as it accrues on a straight-line basis, unless 
another election is made to accrue the discount according to a constant yield method based on daily 
compounding. In the case of a U.S. holder who is not required and who does not elect to include the 
discount in income currently, any gain realized on the sale, exchange, or retirement of the short-term Note 
will be ordinary income to the extent of the discount accrued on a straight-line basis (or, if elected, according 
to a constant yield method based on daily compounding) through the date of sale, exchange or retirement. 
In addition, those U.S. holders will be required to defer deductions for any interest paid on indebtedness 
incurred to purchase or carry short-term Notes in an amount not exceeding the accrued discount until the 
accrued discount is included in income. 
The Issuer may have an unconditional option to redeem, or U.S. holders may have an unconditional 
option to require the Issuer to redeem, a Note prior to its stated maturity date. Under applicable regulations, 
if the Issuer has an unconditional option to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will 
be presumed to be exercised if, by utilizing any date on which the Note may be redeemed as the maturity 
date and the amount payable on that date in accordance with the terms of the Note as the stated redemption 
price at maturity, the yield on the Note would be lower than its yield to maturity. If the U.S. holders have an

--- Page 423 ---
-405- 
unconditional option to require the Issuer to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will 
be presumed to be exercised if making the same assumptions as those set forth in the previous sentence, 
the yield on the Note would be higher than its yield to maturity. If this option is not in fact exercised, the 
Note would be treated solely for purposes of calculating original issue discount as if it were redeemed, and 
a new Note were issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Note's adjusted issue 
price on that date. The adjusted issue price of an original issue discount Note is defined as the sum of the 
issue price of the Note and the aggregate amount of previously accrued original issue discount, less any 
prior payments other than payments of qualified stated interest. 
Market Discount 
A U.S. holder who acquires a Note (other than a short-term Note) after the initial issuance thereof for 
an amount that is less than its stated redemption price at maturity or, if the Note is an original issue discount 
Note, an amount that is less than its adjusted issue price (i.e., a discount) will be subject to the "market 
discount" rules of the Code, unless the amount of such discount is less than a statutorily defined de minimis 
amount.  
A U.S. holder will be required to treat any principal payment (or, in the case of an original issue discount 
Note, any payment that does not constitute qualified stated interest) on, or any gain on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other disposition of a Note, including disposition in certain nonrecognition transactions, as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount accrued on the Note at the time of the payment or 
disposition unless this market discount has been previously included in income by the U.S. holder pursuant 
to an election by the U.S. holder to include market discount in income as it accrues, or pursuant to a 
constant yield election by the U.S. holder as described under "—Original Issue Discount" above. In addition, 
the U.S. holder may be required to defer, until the maturity of the Note or its earlier disposition (including 
certain nontaxable transactions), the deduction of all or a portion of the interest expense on any 
indebtedness incurred or maintained to purchase or carry such Note. 
If a U.S. holder makes a constant yield election (as described under "—Original Issue Discount") for a 
Note with market discount, such election will result in a deemed election for all market discount bonds 
acquired by the U.S. holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which such election applies. 
Acquisition Premium and Amortizable Bond Premium 
A U.S. holder who purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the Note's adjusted issue price 
but less than or equal to the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than 
payments of qualified stated interest will be considered to have purchased the Note at an acquisition 
premium. Under the acquisition premium rules, the amount of original issue discount that the U.S. holder 
must include in its gross income with respect to the Note for any taxable year will be reduced by the portion 
of acquisition premium properly allocable to that year. 
If a U.S. holder purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the amount payable at maturity, or 
on the earlier call date, in the case of a Note that is redeemable at the Issuer's option, the U.S. holder will 
be considered to have purchased the Note with amortizable bond premium equal in amount to the excess 
of the purchase price over the amount payable at maturity. The U.S. holder may elect to amortize this 
premium, using a constant yield method, over the remaining term of the Note (where the Note is not 
optionally redeemable prior to its maturity date) and may offset interest otherwise required to be included

--- Page 424 ---
-406- 
in respect of the Note during any taxable year by the amortized amount of such excess for the taxable year. 
If the Note may be optionally redeemed prior to maturity after the U.S. holder has acquired it, the amount 
of amortizable bond premium is determined by substituting the call date for the maturity date and the call 
price for the amount payable at maturity only if the substitution results in a smaller amount of premium 
attributable to the period before the redemption date. A U.S. holder who elects to amortize bond premium 
must reduce his tax basis in the Note by the amount of the premium amortized in any year. An election to 
amortize bond premium applies to all taxable debt obligations then owned and thereafter acquired by the 
U.S. holder and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. 
If a U.S. holder makes a constant yield election (as described under "—Original Issue Discount") for a 
Note with amortizable bond premium, such election will result in a deemed election to amortize bond 
premium for all of the U.S. holder's debt instruments with amortizable bond premium. 
   Variable Rate Debt Instruments  
A Note will be a variable rate debt instrument (a "variable rate Note") if it:  
 
has an issue price that does not exceed the total non-contingent principal payments by more 
than the lesser of (i) the product of (x) the total non-contingent principal payments, (y) the 
number of complete years to maturity from the issue date and (z) 0.015, or (ii) 15 per cent of 
the total non-contingent principal payments; and 
 
does not provide for stated interest other than stated interest compounded or paid at least 
annually at (i) one or more "qualified floating rates", (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more 
qualified floating rates, (iii) a single "objective rate" or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single 
objective rate that is a "qualified inverse floating rate".  
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the Note must be set at 
a "current value" of that rate.  A current value of a rate is the value of the rate on any day that is no earlier 
than three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than one year following 
that first day. 
A variable rate is a qualified floating rate if (i) variations in the value of the rate can reasonably be 
expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in 
which the Note is denominated or (ii) it is equal to the product of such a rate and either (a) a fixed multiple 
that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, or (b) a fixed multiple greater than 0.65 but not more than 
1.35, increased or decreased by a fixed rate.  If a Note provides for two or more qualified floating rates that 
(i) are within 0.25 percentage points of each other on the issue date or (ii) can reasonably be expected to 
have approximately the same values throughout the term of the Note, the qualified floating rates together 
constitute a single qualified floating rate.  A rate is not a qualified floating rate, however, if the rate is subject 
to certain restrictions (including caps, floors, governors, or other similar restrictions) unless such restrictions 
are fixed throughout the term of the Note or are not reasonably expected to significantly affect the yield on 
the Note. 
An objective rate is a rate, other than a qualified floating rate, that is determined using a single fixed 
formula and that is based on objective financial or economic information that is not within the control of or 
unique to the circumstances of the Issuer or a related party (such as dividends, profits or the value of the

--- Page 425 ---
-407- 
Issuer's stock). A variable rate is not an objective rate, however, if it is reasonably expected that the average 
value of the rate during the first half of the Note's term will be either significantly less than or significantly 
greater than the average value of the rate during the final half of the Note's term.  An objective rate is a 
qualified inverse floating rate if (i) the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate, and (ii) the 
variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the 
qualified floating rate. 
If interest on a Note is stated at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by either a 
qualified floating rate or an objective rate for a subsequent period and (i) the fixed rate and the qualified 
floating rate or objective rate have values on the issue date of the Note that do not differ by more than 0.25 
percentage points or (ii) the value of the qualified floating rate or objective rate is intended to approximate 
the fixed rate, the fixed rate and the qualified floating rate or the objective rate constitute a single qualified 
floating rate or objective rate. 
In general, if a variable rate Note provides for stated interest at a single qualified floating rate or 
objective rate, all stated interest on the Note is qualified stated interest and the amount of original issue 
discount, if any, is determined under the rules applicable to fixed rate debt instruments by using, in the case 
of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value as of the issue date of the qualified 
floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or, in the case of any other objective rate, a fixed rate that 
reflects the yield reasonably expected for the Note. 
If a variable rate Note does not provide for stated interest at a single qualified floating rate or a single 
objective rate and also does not provide for interest payable at a fixed rate (other than at a single fixed rate 
for an initial period of one year or less), the amount of interest and original issue discount accruals on the 
Note are generally determined by (i) determining a fixed rate substitute for each variable rate provided 
under the variable rate Note (generally, the value of each variable rate as of the issue date or, in the case 
of an objective rate that is not a qualified inverse floating rate, a rate that reflects the reasonably expected 
yield on the Note), (ii) constructing the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument (using the fixed rate substitutes 
described above), (iii) determining the amount of qualified stated interest and original issue discount with 
respect to the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument, and (iv) making the appropriate adjustments for actual 
variable rates during the applicable accrual period. 
If a variable rate Note provides for stated interest either at one or more qualified floating rates or at a 
qualified inverse floating rate, and in addition provides for stated interest at a single fixed rate (other than 
at a single fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less), the amount of interest and original issue 
discount accruals are determined as in the immediately preceding paragraph with the modification that the 
variable rate Note is treated, for the purposes of the first three steps of the determination, as if it provided 
for a qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be) rather than the fixed 
rate.  The qualified floating rate (or qualified inverse floating rate) replacing the fixed rate must be such that 
the fair market value of the variable rate Note as of the issue date would be approximately the same as the 
fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for the qualified floating rate (or 
qualified inverse floating rate) rather than the fixed rate.

--- Page 426 ---
-408- 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the applicability and 
consequences of the variable rate debt instrument rules to any of Notes. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of the Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note, a U.S. holder will recognize taxable gain or loss equal 
to the difference between the amount realized on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. holder's 
adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. holder's adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the 
acquisition cost of the Note increased by the amount of original issue discount and market discount included 
in the U.S. holder's gross income and decreased by the amount of any payment received from the Issuer 
other than a payment of qualified stated interest and amortizable bond premium taken with respect to such 
Note. Gain or loss, if any, will generally be U.S. source income for purposes of computing a U.S. holder's 
foreign tax credit limitation. For these purposes, the amount realized does not include any amount 
attributable to accrued interest on the Note. Amounts attributable to accrued interest are treated as interest 
as described under "—Payments of Stated Interest". 
Except as described below, gain or loss realized on the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will 
generally be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of sale, exchange or 
retirement the Note has been held for more than one year. Exceptions to this general rule apply to the 
extent of any accrued market discount or, in the case of a short-term Note, to the extent of any accrued 
discount not previously included in the U.S. holder's taxable income. See "— Original Issue Discount" and 
"—Market Discount". In addition, other exceptions to this general rule apply in the case of foreign currency 
Notes, and contingent payment debt instruments. See "—Foreign Currency Notes" and "—Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments". 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
If the terms of the Notes provide for certain contingencies that affect the timing and amount of payments 
(including Notes with a variable rate or rates that do not qualify as "variable rate debt instruments" as 
described above for purposes of the original issue discount rules) they will be "contingent payment debt 
instruments" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under the rules that govern the treatment of contingent 
payment debt instruments, no payment on such Notes qualifies as qualified stated interest. Rather, a U.S. 
holder must account for interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on a "comparable yield" and 
the differences between actual payments on the Note and the Note's "projected payment schedule" as 
described below. The comparable yield is determined by the Issuer at the time of issuance of the Notes. 
The comparable yield may be greater than or less than the stated interest, if any, with respect to the Notes. 
Solely for the purpose of determining the amount of interest income that a U.S. holder will be required to 
accrue on a contingent payment debt instrument, the Issuer will be required to construct a "projected 
payment schedule" that represents a series of payments the amount and timing of which would produce a 
yield to maturity on the contingent payment debt instrument equal to the comparable yield. The applicable 
Final Terms will either set forth the comparable yield and projected payment schedule or it will provide 
instructions as to how and where a U.S. holder may obtain such information. 
Neither the comparable yield nor the projected payment schedule will constitute a representation by 
the Issuer regarding the actual amount, if any, that the contingent payment debt instrument will pay. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. holder will be required to use the comparable yield and 
the projected payment schedule established by the Issuer in determining interest accruals and adjustments

--- Page 427 ---
-409- 
in respect of an optionally exchangeable Note treated as a contingent payment debt instrument, unless the 
U.S. holder timely discloses and justifies the use of a different comparable yield and projected payment 
schedule to the IRS. 
A U.S. holder, regardless of the U.S. holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, will be required to accrue interest income on a contingent payment debt instrument at the 
comparable yield, adjusted upward or downward to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual and 
the projected amount of any contingent payments on the contingent payment instrument (as set forth 
below). 
A U.S. holder will be required to recognize interest income equal to the amount of any net positive 
adjustment, i.e., the excess of actual payments over projected payments, in respect of a contingent 
payment debt instrument for a taxable year. A net negative adjustment, i.e., the excess of projected 
payments over actual payments, in respect of a contingent payment debt instrument for a taxable year: 
 
will first reduce the amount of interest in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument 
that a U.S. holder would otherwise be required to include in income in the taxable year; and 
 
to the extent of any excess, will give rise to an ordinary loss equal to so much of this excess 
as does not exceed the excess of: 
 
the amount of all previous interest inclusions under the contingent payment debt instrument 
over 
 
the total amount of the U.S. holder's net negative adjustments treated as ordinary loss on the 
contingent payment debt instrument in prior taxable years. 
A net negative adjustment is not subject to the limitations imposed on miscellaneous deductions. Any 
net negative adjustment in excess of the amounts described above will be carried forward to offset future 
interest income in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument or to reduce the amount realized on 
a sale, exchange or retirement of the contingent payment debt instrument. Where a U.S. holder purchases 
a contingent payment debt instrument for a price other than its adjusted issue price, the difference between 
the purchase price and the adjusted issue price must be reasonably allocated to the daily portions of interest 
or projected payments with respect to the contingent payment debt instrument over its remaining term and 
treated as a positive or negative adjustment, as the case may be, with respect to each period to which it is 
allocated. 
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a contingent payment debt instrument, a U.S. holder generally 
will recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale, 
exchange or retirement and the U.S. holder's adjusted basis in the contingent payment debt instrument. A 
U.S. holder's adjusted basis in a Note that is a contingent payment debt instrument generally will be the 
acquisition cost of the Note, increased by the interest previously accrued by the U.S. holder on the Note 
under these rules, disregarding any net positive and net negative adjustments, and decreased by the 
amount of any non-contingent payments and the projected amount of any contingent payments previously 
made on the Note to the U.S. holder. A U.S. holder generally will treat any gain as interest income, and any 
loss as ordinary loss to the extent of the excess of previous interest inclusions in excess of the total net 
negative adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary losses, and the balance as capital loss. The

--- Page 428 ---
-410- 
deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. In addition, if a U.S. holder recognizes loss above 
certain thresholds, the U.S. holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS (as described 
under "—Reportable Transactions"). 
A U.S. holder will have a tax basis in any property, other than cash, received upon the retirement of a 
contingent payment debt instrument including in satisfaction of a conversion right or a call right equal to the 
fair market value of the property, determined at the time of retirement. The U.S. holder's holding period for 
the property will commence on the day immediately following its receipt. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
The following discussion summarizes the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. 
holder of the ownership and disposition of Notes that are denominated in a specified currency other than 
the U.S. dollar or the payments of interest or principal on which are payable in a currency other than the 
U.S. dollar ("foreign currency Notes"). 
The rules applicable to foreign currency Notes could require some or all gain or loss on the sale, 
exchange or other disposition of a foreign currency Note to be recharacterized as ordinary income or loss. 
The rules applicable to foreign currency Notes are complex and may depend on the U.S. holder's particular 
U.S. federal income tax situation. For example, various elections are available under these rules, and 
whether a U.S. holder should make any of these elections may depend on the U.S. holder's particular U.S. 
federal income tax situation. U.S. holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of foreign currency Notes. 
A U.S. holder who uses the cash method of accounting and who receives a payment of qualified stated 
interest in a foreign currency with respect to a foreign currency Note will be required to include in income 
the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment (determined based on the spot rate on the date the 
payment is received) regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars at the time, and 
this U.S. dollar value will be the U.S. holder's tax basis in the foreign currency. A cash method U.S. holder 
who receives a payment of qualified stated interest in U.S. dollars pursuant to an option available under 
such foreign currency Note will be required to include the amount of this payment in income upon receipt. 
An accrual method U.S. holder will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount 
of interest income (including original issue discount or market discount, but reduced by acquisition premium 
and amortizable bond premium, to the extent applicable) that has accrued and is otherwise required to be 
taken into account with respect to a foreign currency Note during an accrual period. The U.S. dollar value 
of the accrued income will be determined by translating the income at the average rate of exchange for the 
accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for 
the partial period within the taxable year. The U.S. holder will recognize ordinary income or loss with respect 
to accrued interest income on the date the income is actually received. The amount of ordinary income or 
loss recognized will equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment 
received (determined on the date the payment is received) in respect of the accrual period (or, where a 
U.S. holder receives U.S. dollars, the amount of the payment in respect of the accrual period) and the U.S. 
dollar value of interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined above). Rules 
similar to these rules apply in the case of a cash method taxpayer required to currently accrue original issue 
discount or market discount.

--- Page 429 ---
-411- 
An accrual method U.S. holder may elect to translate interest income (including original issue discount) 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the last day of the interest accrual period (or, in the case of a partial 
accrual period, the spot rate on the last day of the taxable year) or, if the date of receipt is within five 
business days of the last day of the interest accrual period, the spot rate on the date of receipt. A U.S. 
holder that makes this election must apply it consistently to all debt instruments from year to year and 
cannot change the election without the consent of the IRS. 
Original issue discount, market discount, acquisition premium and amortizable bond premium on a 
foreign currency Note are to be determined in the relevant foreign currency. Where a U.S. holder elects to 
include market discount in income currently, the amount of market discount will be determined for any 
accrual period in the relevant foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars on the basis of the 
average rate in effect during the accrual period. Exchange gain or loss realized with respect to such accrued 
market discount shall be determined in accordance with the rules relating to accrued interest described 
above. 
If an election to amortize bond premium is made, amortizable bond premium taken into account on a 
current basis shall reduce interest income in units of the relevant foreign currency. Exchange gain or loss 
is realized on amortized bond premium with respect to any period by treating the bond premium amortized 
in the period in the same manner as on the sale, exchange or retirement of the foreign currency Note. Any 
exchange gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss as described below. If the election is not made, any 
loss realized on the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note with amortizable bond premium 
by a U.S. holder who has not elected to amortize the premium will be a capital loss to the extent of the bond 
premium. 
A U.S. holder's tax basis in a foreign currency Note, and the amount of any subsequent adjustment to 
the U.S. holder's tax basis, will be the U.S. dollar value amount of the foreign currency amount paid for 
such foreign currency Note, or of the foreign currency amount of the adjustment, determined on the date of 
the purchase or adjustment. A U.S. holder who purchases a foreign currency Note with previously owned 
foreign currency will recognize ordinary income or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between 
such U.S. holder's tax basis in the foreign currency and the U.S. dollar fair market value of the foreign 
currency Note on the date of purchase. 
Gain or loss realized upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note that is 
attributable to fluctuation in currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss which will not be treated 
as interest income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates will equal the 
difference between (i) the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency purchase price of the Note, determined 
on the date the payment is received or the Note is disposed of, and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the foreign 
currency purchase price of the Note, determined on the date the U.S. holder acquired the Note. Payments 
received attributable to accrued interest will be treated in accordance with the rules applicable to payments 
of interest on foreign currency Notes described above. The foreign currency gain or loss will be recognized 
only to the extent of the total gain or loss realized by the U.S. holder on the sale, exchange or retirement of 
the foreign currency Note. The source of the foreign currency gain or loss will be determined by reference 
to the residence of the U.S. holder or the "qualified business unit" of the U.S. holder on whose books the 
foreign currency Note is properly reflected. Any gain or loss realized by these U.S. holders in excess of the 
foreign currency gain or loss will be capital gain or loss except to the extent of any accrued market discount 
or, in the case of a short-term foreign currency Note, to the extent of any discount not previously included 
in the U.S. holder's income. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. In addition, if a U.S.

--- Page 430 ---
-412- 
holder recognizes loss above a certain threshold, the U.S. holder may be required to file a disclosure 
statement with the IRS (as described under "Reportable Transactions"). Holders should consult their own 
tax advisor with respect to the tax consequences of receiving payments in a currency different from the 
currency in which payments with respect to such foreign currency Note accrue. 
A U.S. holder will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received on the sale, exchange or retirement 
of a foreign currency Note equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency, determined at the time of 
sale, exchange or retirement. A cash method U.S. holder who buys or sells a foreign currency Note is 
required to translate units of foreign currency paid or received into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the 
settlement date of the purchase or sale. Accordingly, no exchange gain or loss will result from currency 
fluctuations between the trade date and the settlement date of the purchase or sale. An accrual method 
U.S. holder may elect the same treatment for all purchases and sales of foreign currency obligations 
provided that the foreign currency Notes are traded on an established securities market. This election 
cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS. Any gain or loss realized by a U.S. holder on a sale or 
other disposition of foreign currency (including its exchange for U.S. dollars or its use to purchase foreign 
currency Notes) will be ordinary income or loss. 
NVCC Subordinated Notes 
Characterization and Taxation of the NVCC Subordinated Notes 
There is no authority that addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of instruments like the NVCC 
Subordinated Notes that are in the form of subordinated debt instruments, but that provide for Automatic 
Conversion into Class Z Shares upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event. Assuming that 
NVCC Subordinated Notes issued in the manner described in this Base Prospectus (a) have a term of no 
more than 15 years, (b) at issuance, will have a remote likelihood of being converted into equity or 
otherwise returning less than the principal amount of such Notes at maturity, and (c) at issuance, are 
anticipated to make all stated payments of interest, the Issuer intends to treat the NVCC Subordinated 
Notes as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. To the extent these assumptions are accurate, by 
acquiring an interest in an NVCC Subordinated Note, each U.S. holder agrees to treat such Notes as debt 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, there can be no assurance that the IRS would not assert 
that the NVCC Subordinated Notes should be treated as equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, which could result in materially different and potentially materially more adverse tax 
consequences to holders, as described under "— NVCC Subordinated Notes — Tax Consequences if the 
NVCC Subordinated Notes are Treated as Equity." Assuming the NVCC Subordinated Notes are treated 
as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Notes should be treated as described above under the 
general rules for Notes treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  
As discussed in this Base Prospectus, upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, NVCC 
Subordinated Notes will automatically and immediately convert into Class Z Shares. Assuming at issuance 
there is a remote possibility that a Non-Viability Trigger Event will occur, the Issuer intends to take the 
position that NVCC Subordinated Notes should not be treated as contingent payment debt instruments as 
a result of this contingency. If the IRS were to successfully challenge this position, however, NVCC 
Subordinated Notes would be treated as described above under "— Contingent Payment Debt 
Instruments."

--- Page 431 ---
-413- 
Each investor should consult its own tax advisor regarding the appropriate characterization of the NVCC 
Subordinated Notes and the tax consequences to it if the IRS successfully asserts a characterization that 
differs from the Issuer's characterization of the NVCC Subordinated Notes. 
Automatic Conversion 
An Automatic Conversion of NVCC Subordinated Notes into Class Z Shares upon the occurrence of a 
Non-Viability Trigger Event may constitute a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If an 
Automatic Conversion were treated as a recapitalization, then a U.S. holder would generally recognize no 
gain or loss upon the conversion of its NVCC Subordinated Notes into Class Z Shares, except to the extent 
of amounts received with respect to accrued interest (which will be treated as described above for 
payments of interest, generally). However, if the NVCC Subordinated Notes were not considered 
"securities" for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then an Automatic Conversion would not constitute a 
recapitalization and a U.S. holder would generally recognize capital gain or loss upon an Automatic 
Conversion of such holder's NVCC Subordinated Notes in an amount equal to the difference between the 
fair market value of the Class Z Shares received and such holder's tax basis in the NVCC Subordinated 
Notes. If an Automatic Conversion were to constitute a recapitalization, a U.S. holder's initial tax basis in 
any Class Z Shares received upon an Automatic Conversion (excluding Class Z Shares attributable to 
accrued interest, the tax basis of which will equal their fair market value) would generally be equal to the 
U.S. holder's aggregate tax basis in such holder's NVCC Subordinated Notes that were converted into 
Class Z Shares, and such holder's holding period in such Class Z Shares would include the holding period 
of such holder's NVCC Subordinated Notes that were converted into such Class Z Shares, except that the 
holding period of any Class Z Shares received with respect to accrued interest will commence on the day 
after the date of receipt. If an Automatic Conversion did not constitute a recapitalization, however, then a 
U.S. holder's initial tax basis in any Class Z Shares received upon an Automatic Conversion of such 
holder's NVCC Subordinated Notes into Class Z Shares would equal the fair market value of the Class Z 
Shares received (as determined on the date of receipt), and such holder's holding period for any Class Z 
Shares received upon such an Automatic Conversion would begin on the day immediately following the 
date of receipt of the Class Z Shares. If you are an Ineligible Person you should be treated as having sold 
your Class Z Shares at the time when the Issuer sells such Class Z Shares. 
Tax Consequences if the NVCC Subordinated Notes are Treated as Equity 
As discussed above, and subject to the aforementioned assumptions, the Issuer intends to take the 
position that NVCC Subordinated Notes are treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
However, it is possible that the IRS may assert that NVCC Subordinated Notes should be treated as equity 
of the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes. This subsection addresses the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences to U.S. holders if NVCC Subordinated Notes were treated as equity. 
In general, if NVCC Subordinated Notes were treated as equity, the interest payments with respect to 
the NVCC Subordinated Notes would be treated as dividends to the extent of the Issuer's current or 
accumulated earnings and profits as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Subject to the 
discussion under "PFIC Considerations" below, any portion of such payment in excess of the Issuer's 
current earnings and profits would be treated first as a non-taxable return of capital that would reduce a 
U.S. holder's tax basis in the NVCC Subordinated Notes, and would thereafter be treated as capital gain 
(as discussed below). The Issuer does not intend to calculate its earnings and profits under U.S. federal 
income tax principles. Therefore, a U.S. holder should expect that an interest payment on an NVCC

--- Page 432 ---
-414- 
Subordinated Note that was recharacterized as equity would generally be treated as a dividend even if 
that payment would otherwise be treated as a non-taxable return of capital or as capital gain under the 
rules discussed above. 
It is unclear whether interest payments on NVCC Subordinated Notes that are treated as dividends for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes would be treated as "qualified dividends" that are subject to preferential 
tax rates in the case of an individual U.S. holder who holds the NVCC Subordinated Notes for more than 
60 days during the 121-day period beginning 60 days before the applicable interest payment date and 
meets other holding period requirements. Amounts the Issuer pays with respect to the NVCC Subordinated 
Notes would not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to U.S. corporations in 
respect of dividends received from other U.S. corporations. 
Subject to the discussion under "— PFIC Considerations" below, a U.S. holder would generally 
recognize capital gain or loss upon the sale, redemption or maturity of such holder's NVCC Subordinated 
Notes, in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized at such time and such holder's 
tax basis in the NVCC Subordinated Notes. In general, a U.S. holder's tax basis in the NVCC Subordinated 
Notes will be equal to the price such holder paid for them. Such capital gain or loss would be long-term 
capital gain or loss if U.S. holder held the NVCC Subordinated Notes for more than one year. Capital gain 
of a non-corporate U.S. holder is generally taxed at preferential rates where the property is held for more 
than one year. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Such gain or loss will generally 
be income or loss from sources within the United States for foreign tax credit limitation purposes. If a U.S. 
holder continues to hold equity of the Issuer following a redemption of such holder's NVCC Subordinated 
Notes, such holder may be subject to Section 302 of the Code, which could cause the redemption proceeds 
to be treated as dividend income. U.S. holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the 
tax treatment of a redemption of the NVCC Subordinated Notes. 
If the NVCC Subordinated Notes were treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then an 
Automatic Conversion of such Notes into Class Z Shares upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger 
Event could constitute a recapitalization. In such case, a U.S. holder would generally recognize no gain or 
loss upon the conversion of its Notes into Class Z Shares. In that case, a U.S. holder's initial tax basis in 
any Class Z Shares received upon an Automatic Conversion would generally be equal to such holder's 
aggregate tax basis in the NVCC Subordinated Notes that were converted into Class Z Shares, and such 
holder's holding period in such Class Z Shares would include the holding period of the NVCC Subordinated 
Notes that were converted into such Class Z Shares. 
PFIC Considerations 
In addition, if the NVCC Subordinated Notes were treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
or a U.S. holder were to hold Class Z Shares after an Automatic Conversion, certain adverse U.S. federal 
income tax consequences could apply if the Issuer were treated as a passive foreign investment company 
("PFIC") for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In general, the Issuer will be a PFIC for any taxable year in 
which either (i) at least 75% of the gross income of the Issuer for the taxable year is passive income or (ii) 
at least 50% of the value, determined on the basis of a quarterly average, of the Issuer's assets is 
attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income (including cash). For 
this purpose, "passive income" generally includes interest, dividends, rents, royalties and certain gains. 
However, exclusions are provided for income earned in the active conduct of a banking business. If a 
corporation owns at least 25% by value of the stock of another corporation, the parent corporation is treated

--- Page 433 ---
-415- 
as owning its proportionate share of the assets of the other corporation, and as receiving directly its 
proportionate share of the other corporation's income. There can be no assurances the Issuer is not a 
PFIC. U.S. holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors for the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences if the NVCC Subordinated Notes were treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, or a U.S. holder were to hold Class Z Shares after an Automatic Conversion. 
Conversion into New Subordinated Indebtedness 
After notice from the Federation, a Noteholder of NVCC Subordinated Notes of any Series may, at its 
option, convert all, but not less than all, of the principal amount of NVCC Subordinated Notes of such 
Series, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, into an equal aggregate amount of new 
Subordinated Indebtedness that qualifies as regulatory capital. It is possible that such conversion will be 
treated as a deemed exchange of old Notes for new Notes, which may be taxable to U.S. holders.  An 
optional conversion may constitute a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If an optional  
conversion were treated as a recapitalization, then a U.S. holder would generally recognize no gain or loss 
upon the conversion of its NVCC Subordinated Notes into new Subordinated Indebtedness, except to the 
extent of amounts received with respect to accrued interest (which would generally be treated as described 
above for payments of interest). U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. 
federal income tax considerations of an optional conversion. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Notes and the 
proceeds from a sale or other disposition of the Notes. A U.S. holder may be subject to U.S. backup 
withholding on these payments if it fails to provide its tax identification number to the paying agent and 
comply with certain certification procedures or otherwise establish an exemption from backup withholding. 
The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. holder will be allowed as a credit against 
the U.S. holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such U.S. holder to a refund, provided that 
the required information is furnished to the IRS. 
Base Rate Amendments 
Pursuant to Registered Note Condition 5(h), the Issuer may in certain circumstances modify a Floating 
Rate Note to change the relevant Original Reference Rate to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
(such change, a "Base Rate Modification").  It is possible that a Base Rate Modification will be treated as 
a deemed exchange of old Notes for new Notes, which may be taxable to U.S. holders.  In addition, the 
potential for a Base Rate Modification may affect the calculation of original issue discount ("OID"). The 
Treasury Department released proposed regulations describing circumstances under which a Base Rate 
Modification (or other related adjustments to the calculations of the interest rate on the Notes) by the Issuer 
would not be treated as a deemed exchange of old Notes for new Notes and would not affect the calculation 
of OID. Generally, an alteration of the terms of a debt instrument to replace a rate referencing an interbank 
offered rate with a "qualified rate" as defined in the regulations, and associated alterations reasonably 
necessary to adopt or implement that replacement, would not be treated as a deemed exchange and would 
not affect the calculation of OID. It cannot be determined at this time whether the final regulations on this 
issue will contain the same standards as the proposed regulations.  U.S. holders should consult with their 
own tax advisors regarding the potential consequences of a Base Rate Modification.

--- Page 434 ---
-416- 
Reportable Transactions 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" will be required to disclose its participation 
to the IRS. The scope and application of these rules is not entirely clear. A U.S. holder may be required to 
treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if the loss exceeds certain 
thresholds in a single taxable year. In the event the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes 
constitutes participation in a "reportable transaction" for purposes of these rules, a U.S. holder will be 
required to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. Prospective purchasers should consult 
their tax advisers regarding the application of these rules to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of 
Notes. 
Information Reporting Regarding Specified Foreign Financial Assets 
 
Individual U.S. holders with an interest in any "specified foreign financial asset" in which the aggregate 
value of all such assets for any taxable year is greater than certain threshold amounts are required to file a 
report with the IRS with information relating to the asset. Specified foreign financial assets generally include 
any depository or custodial account held at a foreign financial institution; any debt or equity interest in a 
foreign financial institution if such interest is not regularly traded on an established securities market; and, 
if not held at a financial institution, (i) any stock or security issued by a non-United States person, (ii) any 
financial instrument or contract held for investment where the issuer or counterparty is a non-United States 
person, and (iii) any interest in an entity which is a non-United States person. Penalties apply to any failure 
to file a required report. Additionally, in the event a U.S. holder does not file the information report relating 
to disclosure of specified foreign financial assets, the statute of limitations on the assessment and collection 
of U.S. federal income taxes of such U.S. holder for the related tax year will not begin until such information 
report is filed. IRS Form 8938 must be used to report such information. Prospective investors should consult 
their own tax advisor as to the possible application to them of this information reporting requirement and 
related statute of limitations tolling provision. 
U.S. Tax Treatment of Non-U.S. Holders of Notes 
A Non-U.S. holder will be exempt from any United States federal income or withholding taxes with 
respect to gain derived from the sale, exchange or redemption of, or any distributions received in respect 
of the Notes unless such gain or distributions are effectively connected with the conduct of a United States 
trade or business by the Non-U.S. holder or, in the case of gain, such Non-U.S. holder is a non-resident 
alien individual who holds Notes as a capital asset and who is present in the United States for 183 days or 
more during a taxable year of the disposition, and certain other conditions are satisfied. 
Payment of the proceeds from the disposition of Notes to or through the United States office of a broker 
is subject to information reporting and backup withholding unless the Non-U.S. holder establishes an 
exemption from information reporting and backup withholding.  
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign financial 
institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Canada) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their

--- Page 435 ---
-417- 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the IGA between the United States and Canada as currently in effect, 
a foreign financial institution resident in Canada would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA 
or the IGA from payments that it makes so long as it complies with certain local law requirements. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, under 
proposed regulations on which taxpayer may rely, such withholding would not apply to payments made 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payments" are published with the U.S. Federal Register. In addition, Notes characterized as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterized as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are 
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign 
passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Notes of 
the same series that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are executed after the expiration 
of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may 
treat all Notes, including the Notes executed prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of 
the withholding. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. 
The United States federal income tax discussion set forth above is included for general 
information only and may not be applicable depending upon a holder's particular situation. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences to them of the 
ownership and disposition of the Notes, including the tax consequences under state, local, foreign 
and other tax laws and the possible effects of changes in U.S. federal or other tax laws.  
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's 
Proposal") for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, 
Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member 
States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State.

--- Page 436 ---
-418- 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 437 ---
-419- 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER U.S. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
Each fiduciary of (i) "employee benefit plans" as defined in Section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) 
"plans" as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) governmental or other plans which are 
subject to any  federal, state or other law that is substantially similar to the provisions of Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code ("Similar Laws"), and (iv) entities whose underlying assets are considered to 
include "plan assets" of any such employee benefit plan, plan, account or arrangement (each, a "Plan") 
should consider the requirements of ERISA, the Code or Similar Laws, as applicable, and consult with its 
advisers prior to the Plan’s purchase and holding of Notes. 
General Fiduciary Matters 
ERISA and the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of a Plan subject to Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (an "ERISA Plan") and its fiduciaries or other interested parties. In 
addition, Title I of ERISA requires fiduciaries of a Plan subject to Title I of ERISA to make investments that 
are prudent, diversified and in accordance with the governing plan documents. 
In considering an investment in the Notes of a portion of the assets of any Plan, a fiduciary should 
determine whether the investment is in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the Plan 
and the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code or any Similar Laws relating to a fiduciary's duties to the 
Plan including, without limitation, the prudence, diversification, delegation of control and prohibited 
transaction provisions of ERISA, the Code and any other applicable Similar Laws. 
Prohibited Transaction Issues 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans from engaging in specified 
transactions involving plan assets with persons or entities who are "parties in interest," within the meaning 
of ERISA, or "disqualified persons," within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code, unless an exemption 
is available. A party in interest or disqualified person who engages in a non-exempt prohibited transaction 
may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code. In addition, 
the fiduciary of the ERISA Plan that engages in such a non-exempt prohibited transaction may be subject 
to penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code. The acquisition and/or holding of Notes by an ERISA 
Plan with respect to which the Federation, a Dealer, the Arranger, any Agent, the Bearer Fiscal Agent or 
any of their respective affiliates is a party in interest or a disqualified person may constitute or result in a 
direct or indirect prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, unless 
the investment is acquired and is held in accordance with an applicable statutory, class or individual 
prohibited transaction exemption. In this regard, the U.S. Department of Labor has issued prohibited 
transaction class exemptions, or "PTCEs," that may apply to the acquisition and holding of the Notes. These 
class exemptions include, without limitation, PTCE 84-14 respecting transactions determined by 
independent qualified professional asset managers, PTCE 90-1 respecting insurance company pooled 
separate accounts, PTCE 91-38 respecting bank collective investment funds, PTCE 95-60 respecting life 
insurance company general accounts and PTCE 96-23 respecting transactions determined by in-house 
asset managers. In addition, Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code provide an 
exemption for certain transactions between an ERISA Plan and persons who are parties in interest or 
disqualified persons solely by reason of providing services to the ERISA Plan or being affiliated with such

--- Page 438 ---
-420- 
service providers. There can be no assurance that all of the conditions of these or any exemptions will be 
satisfied with respect to any particular transaction involving the Notes.  
The Notes should not be acquired or held by or on behalf of any ERISA Plan, unless such acquisition 
and holding satisfies the conditions for relief under an applicable statutory, class or individual prohibited 
transaction exemption. The Notes should not be acquired or held by or on behalf of a Plan subject to Similar 
Laws, unless such acquisition and holding will not constitute or result in a violation of any applicable Similar 
Laws. 
Representations 
Accordingly by acceptance of a Note, each purchaser and subsequent transferee of a Note (or any 
interest therein) will be deemed to have represented and warranted that either (i) it is not and, for so long 
as it holds a Note (or any interest therein), will not, be a Plan or (ii) the purchase and holding of the Note 
(or any interest therein) will not, in the case of an ERISA Plan, result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction 
under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code because such purchase and holding satisfies the 
conditions for relief under an applicable statutory, class or individual prohibited transaction exemption (and 
in the case of a Plan subject to Similar Laws, result in a violation of any Similar Laws). 
Neither the Federation, the Arranger, any Agent, any Dealer, the Bearer Fiscal Agent nor any of their 
respective affiliates, agents or employees (the "Transaction Parties") will act as a fiduciary to any Plan with 
respect to the Plan's decision to invest in the Notes, and none of the Transaction Parties is undertaking to 
provide impartial investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity in connection with any Plan's 
acquisition of the Notes. Each fiduciary or other person with investment responsibilities over the assets of 
a Plan considering an investment in the Notes must carefully consider the above factors before making an 
investment.  
The foregoing discussion is general in nature and is not intended to be all inclusive. Due to the 
complexity of these rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in non-exempt 
prohibited transactions, it is particularly important that fiduciaries, or other persons considering acquiring 
the Notes on behalf of, or with the assets of, any Plan, consult with their counsel regarding the potential 
applicability of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code and any Similar Laws to such investment and whether an 
exemption would be applicable to the acquisition and holding of the Notes (or any interest therein). 
The sale of Notes to a Plan is in no respect a representation by the Transaction Parties that such an 
investment meets all relevant requirements with respect to investments by Plans generally or any particular 
Plan, or that such an investment is appropriate for Plans generally or any particular Plan.

--- Page 439 ---
-421- 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading on Euronext Dublin 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued under the 
Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on its regulated market. 
Listing on Other Stock Exchanges and Admission to Other Markets 
Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to trading on the Official 
List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or any other listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree.  
Post-issuance Information 
The Federation does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issue of 
Notes. However, it will provide continuous disclosure (i) where required by Directive 2004/109/EC of the 
EU and of the Council of 15 December 2004 as amended (Transparency Directive) or Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse 
Regulation) and (ii) in respect of 144A Notes pursuant to section 144A(d)(4) of the Exchange Act. See 
"Available Information under Rule 144A". 
Authorization 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been duly authorized 
by the Federation by resolution of the Board of Directors dated 16 December 2021.  All consents, approvals, 
authorizations or other orders of all regulatory authorities required by the Federation under the laws of 
Canada have been given for the issue of Notes and for the Federation to undertake and perform its 
obligations under the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreements and the Notes.  
Clearing Systems 
The Bearer Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Registered Notes have been accepted for clearance through DTC and/or Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate codes including the CUSIP, ISIN and/or Common Code for each Tranche 
allocated by DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system will be 
contained in Part B of the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the Pricing Supplement. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Federation, the relevant Dealer and the Agent in 
relation to each Tranche of Notes. Transactions will normally be effected for settlement not earlier than 
three days after the date of the transaction. The address of Euroclear is 3 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B. 
1210, Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, USA.

--- Page 440 ---
-422- 
No Significant Change; No Material Adverse Change 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the 
Desjardins Group taken as a whole since 30 September 2021, the last day of the financial period in respect 
of which the most recent published interim combined financial statements of Desjardins Group have been 
prepared, and (ii) no material adverse change in the prospects of the Desjardins Group since 31 December 
2020, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited published annual 
combined financial statements of Desjardins Group have been prepared. 
Litigation 
There are no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Desjardins Group is aware) which may 
have, or have had during the twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, individually or in the 
aggregate, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Desjardins Group. 
Auditors 
The auditors of Desjardins Group are PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, a partnership of Chartered 
Professional Accountants. PricewaterhouseCoopers has been accepted for Equivalent registration in the 
Register of Third Country Audit Entities maintained by the Irish Auditing and Accounting Supervisory 
Authority in accordance with the European Commission Decision of July 29, 2008 (2008/627/EC). The 
combined financial statements of Desjardins Group for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 
2019 were audited in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers. PricewaterhouseCoopers expressed an unmodified opinion thereon in their 
report dated 24 February 2021. The address of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is on the last page hereof. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP have advised that they are independent with respect to Desjardins Group 
within the meaning of the Code of ethics of chartered professional accountants (Québec).  
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is also registered as a participating audit firm with the Canadian Public 
Accountability Board.  
Documents Available for Collection and Inspection 
This Base Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus, further Base Prospectus, Drawdown 
Prospectus and Final Terms (other than for Exempt Notes) will be publicly available in electronic form on 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/Market-Data-Announcements/Debt/Individual-
Debt-Instrument-Data/Dept-Security-Documents/?progID=720&FIELDSORT=docId (or any alternative 
future hyperlink provided to the Issuer for these purposes by Euronext Dublin) for at least 10 years from the 
date of its respective publication.   
In addition, until the expiry of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
a copy of the up to date constitutive documents of the Federation; and 
 (b) 
the audited combined annual financial statements of Desjardins Group for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 (including the auditor's reports thereon) and the 
most recent subsequent audited or unaudited interim combined financial statements of the 
Desjardins Group,

--- Page 441 ---
-423- 
will, in each case, be available on the Federation's website at https://www.desjardins.com/ca/about-
us/investor-relations/annual-quarterly-reports/federation-caisse-desjardins-quebec/index.jsp. 
This Base Prospectus and any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus or 
Drawdown Prospectus, the Final Terms and Pricing Supplements (save that Pricing Supplements will only 
be available for inspection by a holder of such Notes and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer and the Bearer Fiscal Agent or the Registered Fiscal Agent, as applicable, as to its holding of 
Notes and identity), the Bearer Notes Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the global Bearer 
Notes and the definitive Bearer Notes and the Coupons and the Talons), and the Registered Notes Agency 
Agreement (which contains the forms of the Rule 144A Global Note, DTC Regulation S Global Note, Euro 
Regulation S Global Note and the definitive Registered Note) will, in each case,  be available for inspection 
in physical form (and, where appropriate, English translations) at the specified office of the Bearer Fiscal 
Agent in London, England or the Registered Fiscal Agent in New York during normal business hours and 
upon reasonable notice and for collection free of charge from the registered office of the Federation in 
Lévis, Québec, Canada. 
Irish Listing Agent 
 
The Irish Listing Agent is Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited and the address of its registered office 
is 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, Ireland. Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity 
as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Federation is 549300B2Q47IR0CR5B54.

--- Page 442 ---
-424- 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF 
FÉDÉRATION DES CAISSES DESJARDINS DU QUÉBEC 
100, avenue des Commandeurs 
Lévis, Québec 
Canada G6V 7N5  
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft  
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
 United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
DZ BANK AG 
Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ  
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street  
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom

--- Page 443 ---
-425- 
 
 
 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
NATIXIS 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris  
France 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
 
RBC Capital Markets, LLC 
Brookfield Place 
200 Vesey Street 
New York, New York 10281 
United States 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate  
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom

--- Page 444 ---
-426- 
 
BEARER FISCAL AGENT, BEARER NOTES PAYING AGENT, REGISTERED FISCAL 
AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND EUROPEAN PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
EUROPEAN REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Rupert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
U.S. REGISTRAR,  
AND U.S. PAYING AGENT 
(Registered Notes) 
The Bank of New York Mellon  
240 Greenwich Street, 7E 
New York, New York 10286 
United States

--- Page 445 ---
-427- 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec 
As to U.S. law and English law 
Mayer Brown LLP 
1675 Broadway 
New York, New York 10019 
United States 
and 
Mayer Brown International LLP 
201 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 3AF 
United Kingdom 
As to Canadian law  
Luc Boucher 
Vice President, Legal Affairs, Desjardins 
Group 
and 
Philippe Tommei 
Senior Director, Legal Affairs, Projects and 
Financing, Desjardins Group 
 Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec 
100, avenue des Commandeurs 
Lévis, Québec 
Canada G6V 7N5  
and 
Stikeman Elliott LLP 
Suite 4100 
1155 René-Lévesque Boulevard West 
Montréal, Québec 
Canada H3B 3V2 
 
As to Irish law 
Arthur Cox  
10 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 
Ireland 
 
To the Dealers 
As to U.S. law 
Sidley Austin LLP 
787 Seventh Avenue 
New York, New York 10019 
United States 
and 
70 St Mary Axe 
London, EC3A 8BE 
United Kingdom 
 
As to Canadian law and English law 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
3 More London Riverside 
London, SE1 2AQ 
United Kingdom 
 
and 
 
Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP 
1, Place Ville Marie 
Bureau 2500 
Montréal, Québec 
Canada H3B 1R1

--- Page 446 ---
-428- 
 
AUDITORS TO DESJARDINS GROUP 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
1250 René-Lévesque Blvd. West 
Suite 2500 
Montréal, Québec 
Canada H3B 4Y1 
 
ARRANGER 
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris 
France 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
10 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 
Ireland